 Alright guys, do we have something great in store for you today? 91% isopropyl alcohol. So can a regular household item be a substitute for gasoline? And if so, how will it affect it? Well, stick around and find out. I also got something really cool for you guys. Next step, let's start off with one and a half cups of gasoline just to see the comparison. First things first, we'll go ahead and hear their start timer. Also, as you can see, we're going to be keeping eye out for the temperature. So as you can see, it's at 54 degrees Fahrenheit right now. Let's go ahead and start this engine up. So guys, which is it? You think alcohol is going to outperform gasoline? Well, we're about to find out. Also, let's go ahead and see how this changes the sound of the engine. As you guys can see there's no visible exhaust smoke. Alright guys as you can see we're almost out of fuel and it's time to stop the timer. So make sure you guys subscribe to the channel if you have any more great video ideas you'd like to see brought to life. And make sure you comment below to let me know what they are. Make sure you guys stick around because we're really going to like what's coming up. Alright guys we've stopped the timer at 2209. So let's jump in and do this alcohol. I'm really excited to see this. And as you can see we've jumped up to 181 degrees Fahrenheit. This is near the catalytic converter. I made especially for this lawnmower. If you haven't seen that video check it out. We wanted to test do fuel cleaners, hurt catalytic converters. Now let's move on to the next part of the test. So let's go ahead and add our alcohol. We need one cup and a half. Well guys you think this is actually going to work. Make sure you let me know in the comments below. We'll just actually run on straight alcohol. Yeah I definitely have my doubts but we'll give it this a try regardless. Remember this is 91% isopropyl alcohol. So I wanted to get something that was a little more common. Because guys let's face it how many people is actually going to find 100% alcohol or 99% alcohol in their house. I know I don't have any. So you're a little more likely to find 80% to the low 91% of alcohol in your house. Alright I'm definitely ready to drop. Alright guys so far so good it started up pretty easy. And I did drain every drop of gasoline. So I am surprised. But we'll see if this holds up. So I'm going to put this on the top right here. And I'm going to put this on the top right here. And I'm going to put this on the top right here. And I'm going to put this on the top right here. And I'm going to put this on the top right here. 2352. Well guys what do you think? Did you think this stuff actually done better than gasoline? Make sure you drop a lot of gasoline. And I'm going to put this on the top right here. 2352. Did you think this stuff actually done better than gasoline? Make sure you drop a line in the comments below. Let me know what you think. Thank you guys for watching Nate's Interactive Auto. Until next time you guys get ready to get wrenching for the next upcoming video. And help out below in the NIE community. Volunteering information or experience and knowledge that you have about each product.