 Hey guys, it's Jessica. I'm here in my dining room today and I'm sharing some tips for styling of a fai or a sideboard. And so it's not that difficult if you can follow almost a formula for choosing your accessories and step one is going to be choosing a focal point. So you want to choose a large piece of art or mirror. You want it to be three-fourths of your furniture below it. And you don't want to hang it too high. I've got my leaning here, but you could hang it. And you want it to be like maybe five inches above the tabletop. So don't be, you know, 12 inches above. It's going to have this awkward gap. You want the eye to see visually as one continuous piece. So that's the focal point. Then step two is adding in some height. And you can go with a lamp or like I've done a tall vase with some tall florals here. This is from Target. And then on the other side, I've added a little bit of height, but I went asymmetrical with it. And I just got some liquor bottles in here to bring in a little bit of height. But if you're more of a symmetrical type, you could do two lamps on either side. And that would make it easy. And then step three is filling in with layered accessories. And what I mean by layered is choosing things that are different shapes, different heights, and different textures. So you don't want to put like two orbs on there that are different because they're both round. They're both, they're both orbs. So you want to mix it up a little bit. So I've got this low bowl next to my tall base. And while this is glass, this is ceramic. So it adds a little bit of variation here. And then I filled the bowl with some oranges for color. And because it sort of makes sense in the dining room, you wouldn't want to put oranges in your living room, because that's crazy. And then over on this side, I've got my stemless wine glasses. Again, it's a different shape, a different texture, and my concrete planer with the greenery here. So a good tip for really styling any surface is to gather some of these smaller items into a tray, because it makes it look organized and intentional. So I hope that these tips are helpful. Just to recap, you want a focal point, you want some height, and then you want to layer in with some additional accessories. And that is your formula for a well-styled buffet.