 This horse is used to having a bath so I've got her on the cross ties. If I'm washing a horse that I'm not sure about, it's past bathing experiences or that I know is a little skittish about this. I would instead of somebody hold the horse for me. She also want to be very careful about where the hose is located. You don't want to run it under your horse. Always stay aware of where the hose is in relation to your horse. I'm just going to kind of keep a hand right here just so I have an idea of what she's doing and start down low with the water. Ease it up so that she gets used to the water hitting her body and then start coming up like this. Come up here, get under that mane, get to keep my hand up here to make sure I don't get water in the ears. You don't ever want to go too far up. You're going to soak her mate at the same time. Next, we're going to apply the two-in-one shampoo and conditioner. Now there's a couple ways you can apply this. I like to just squeeze it right onto the horse. Then either using your hands or a tool like this scrubber mitt, you can just work it right into the hair. To do the tail, as with everything else, it's safety first. I'm going to stand over to the side rather than directly behind the horse. Turn the water on. Let it know I'm back here. I'm going to start at the bottom and get that wet. Work my way up. Two-in-one shampoo and conditioner. I'm going to put some up here and just kind of run it down our tail. When I'm shampooing, you can start from the top and work your suds down. So you're working the suds into the tail and all around into that tailbone to me. Going for tailbone away in there. All that dirt and grime. Get that really clean. See the dirt put away in there. After she's all scrubbed up, we're just going to rinse off all this shampoo. Starting at the legs again, get her used to it. You always want to watch your hose make sure it's not anywhere near her feet where she could trip. And it's important to be thorough when you're rinsing the horse. You don't want any product left in there. Our sulfate and pervain trees, two-in-one shampoo, rinses out quite easily. And once we've finished rinsing, just going to use a sweat scraper to get the extra water off. Especially under the tummy here. To get the dust and dirt off of her face, just taking a damp cloth and wiping. Carefully, around her eyes and muzzle underneath the halter. It's all you really need to get those areas clean. Go right over her eyes. She'll shut them. As a final step, it's a good idea to apply a little show-sheen to the wet horse. It just helps her pal dust, so daily turn out wherever she's going to get the dirt. Yes, it's going to keep the dirt and grime off of her. It's good to put a little show-sheen on the face too, because a lot of dust can accumulate there. To do that, I just spray a little on my hands. Waper face. The way I like to dry her after a bath is to just let her graze a little bit, so that the sun dries her off, and she's not going to roll. This has been grooming for competition brought to you by Absorbing. For more information, check our website at Absorbing.com