 Right guys, we're mostly in the range to pin down on my window. Today, what we're going to make is an ox tail stew. You can see these lovely ingredients here. I mean, there are many ingredients there. It's quite simple to do, but the taste is amazing. So, what's one of the spin you've got is ingredients. You know, we've got our beef stock, some onions, carrots, that lovely ox tail, salt pepper, some vegetable oil, some neutral oil, some flour, and some mustard. You know, I like, we're like, we're like, my hip-hop old school. You know, we're going to add that cheesy, and the surrender monk is de-john-look. We're going to use British colmas. Not see this lovely wine. You know, the old adges they say, you know, it's the wine I put much, drink, don't cook with it. Not this far, boy. It's 12 pounds of hot oil. It's a bordeaux. It's very great with beef. Out from that. Just to make sure it's alright. A hip-disk is now to tend your kelly. Oh, how'd it go? Yeah, that was pretty much it. Okay, first thing we're going to do is we've got to coat this ox tail. I'm going to get it browning off of the pan. We want to get that caramelization going. So what I'm going to do is I'm just going to put a bit of flour. I can get the lid off this. I always forget to do something. I'm going to put some of this lovely colmas I must do. Quite a bit, that equal quantities. Plenty of crushed that pepper. And all we're going to do is coat these pieces of their ox tail. There's some of that. Then build up a lovely caramelized crust on. So all we're doing is mix another. Pop that in there. And what I'm waiting for my pan to warm up, we'll coat these off. And we'll get back. So all I've done then is coat those. Nice even coating, get it on. Normally I do this in a carrier bag or a bag. But I've done it just to show you. And what we're going to do, just tap off the excess. They're all nice coated. Obviously got that lovely yellow tinged on that grade mustard. And they're all out of labor, all built up that profile. I've been watching tons of videos on YouTube. But all the ox tail videos, I'm just laying that in that oil to brown off. You know, they were always doing them with funky sauces or spices. You know, this is the best way. You know, the British way. Simple, nicely stewed. So I've got my tails in the pan there. Do not touch them. Just put them in and leave them. Because we really want that almost burnt caramelized flavor to it. You know, lock all those flavors in. I mean, as you can see these tails, they've got plenty of meat on them. Plenty of bones. But she calls, plenty of gelatin. Which will give you a more full-bodied flavoured stew. Obviously, which is tender and gelatinous, then. This, making these good, you know, all that cartilage will break down. It's fantastic. So we're going to leave them to brown. We haven't been in there long. You should see they just start to take colour. But I want a real rich, mojavey colour on those. Well, I won't put that in there. I'll be a slurper this. See this turning leaves now. You can see this not the colour up. Be on the bone. I remember in the late 80s, I was looking for Julius, one of the biggest bushes, meat, beetles in the country. Now, I remember the outbreak of the BSE. You know, the Mad Townsage. You know, we haven't even came up the biggest outbreak. You know, subsequently many countries banned, you know, the import of all of the British beef. I mean, the outbreak started in 1984 and that's been to the mid-nighters. And the government banning it in a brain and spinal cord. Now, you know, I don't know, we leave the spinal cord. No, but that was the cause of the CJD. You know, it could be transferred to humans from that brain down the spinal cord of infected animals. I mean, at the time, in 1990, our agriculture minister, John Gunner, invited the media to film in trying to feed his talks or a four years old, a burger. I mean, she refused. You know, but he had it. I mean, he wouldn't tell you the difference if he had it anyway. She's living on the dirt. One each size, rather than the colouring. I mean, if that BSE went bad, and I remember in 1997, they actually banned the sale of beef on the bone. You know, the government overreactive. So that meant no more tea-bound steaks, no more ribs of beef. Because like you know, going to your drug dealer, you know, you go to your butcher. You've only got any free with a bit of butter on your mouth. You know, you don't, you know, you just go to your home and these lovely ribs. You know, it was a madness. And obviously, you get the bad nose, joints, the serenine, you know, ribs of beef, which is all but it's right and written, you know. And as a road beef, and obviously, he definitely wouldn't get these off-stale. I mean, the ban lasted until 1979. That's when it was lifted. It was lifted a quarter pounds. You know, they lifted that down in 2002. Yeah, you know, Mercedes-C. You know, now, obviously, beef no older than 30 months can enter the food game. So hey, how are we here today? And now the rottens will be tell. Well, so, to browning, then, I am going to put some about 400 mills of this beautiful bulldove in here. And I'm going to boil that just to boil the alcohol out a bit. You know, so we just let that lovely roundy, fruity flavour. I know it's a shame. But it tastes better for it. So what we'll do is we'll bring that up to the boil. Very gentle, simple, quick, cut in a minute. And that alcohol evaporates, you know, it'd be fantastic. As you can see, I've stood those tails up, so I want to get them caramelised all over. But you can see how browning caramelised they're getting. That's what you want, you know, because all that flavour, that all seaping to the sauce, make it really rich, you know, and it's massively beautiful. Now, see there, it's my wife who's burning up. What about beautiful alcohol? What we'll do once these are browned off. Like when the alcohol after one, I'm going to try to do that to the dish. Then we're going to get on with the dish. Well, they're just finishing off, just do these. I mean, you don't want these too thin obviously, because they're going to keep them out well-brained for about two to three hours until that falls off the bone. So, just flip through a little bit. And then, as I've done, they're nicely chunky, very fresh. It's just me taking the micro out of the face, you know, from drinking there, winding using that sort of way. So, that's enough on there now, you've got the colour. You can see, all nicely coloured. And what we're going to do with that oil, is we're going to put our veg in there to pick up any pieces we've left of that meat and all those juices, and then goes that beautiful one. Fantastic. And that stock you saw earlier, 450 ml, so that's stock as well. Obviously, I shall add a bit more to that, just to cover it. Right, so there's my pan on, it's still smoking. So, I'm going to take it off again, so I don't want these to colour. I just want them to stop them, so once they're settled down, as if they're airing, slowly going, I should put it down here by coming in. Now, I'm going to season this, and this is the last time I'm going to season those for now, especially with a stove. It's going to be because we're going to rejuven that sauce, and honestly, that will be 10 to 5, that's salt. And that's the last anyone who's going to be the cheapest lovely dish. It's your salty. So, we let those gently sweat down, then we'll build the rest of the dish. I'm just going to put a few drops of Worcester sauce. And there, Worcester sauce, I'm from Worcester. This factory, I've made this, is about 15 minutes from my house. Fantastic. And there is only one, the Imperians, another of that other rubbish, that's the original, baby. So, there's my veg, sharpening down. They haven't browned. The colour you can see on there is what they took off, the bottom of that pan, from all the residue of that meat. So, that's soft and nice. I've just put this casserole dish on a low heat, ticking over. I'm going to add that, and give that a stir up. Just top that up with a bit of water, so it's all nice and covered now. So, I've just transferred that to the back of the, of there. And all I'm going to do is make a carfouche, so I'm going to bit of that off. That will look like the square size of that dish. Hold it once, hold it twice, hold it again, and again. So, basically, you let that, and you hold it into the middle. And you see where you want to cook it. It's nice as this. And when that starts to tick over, what you do is you cut your carfouche off. Just like that. Then, obviously, that keeps all the moisture in there, keeps all that flavour in. So, once that gets ticking over, I mean, what you can do is you can skim some of this scum off, you know. I mean, it's not going to work, yeah. I mean, you can see how beautiful and rich and dark that sauce is. You know, and obviously, they're cooking in three hours. That's all going to amount the making of it and get thick and beautiful. So, what we do, once that's ticking over, we put our carfouche on, and we'll get it in the oven. As you can see, that's going good now. So, get me carfouche, it was a little bit big, so, it was just that size. What I'm doing now is starting this off here. So, give it a head start. I'll see, you know, going into a oven if it's too cold. You know, it'll take longer. I've set my oven to gas mark two. It's in it off now. I'll put that on there. It's there. And then we'll cook that for it there. And minimum of three hours. Put that in on there. And we'll let it remain as we say it's cheers. Or shall I say, some take, see you with three hours. Right, we're just at the halfway point of the cooking now. This is an hour and an hour. Let's take a little off. Just take our carfouche off a minute. Look how lovely and rich that is in there. Just give that a stir up. A lovely chunks of meat. Dark, rich colour. Alright, put the car twos back on there. Get it back in another hour and a half. Okay, I've just took one, should you help the other? This has been given for three and a half hours now. Just going to take our car twos off, as you can see. If you have a look in there. Oh, that beef's taken on that lovely Ruby red colour of the boardo. Now this is a crazy bit now. I'm just going to show you this. This has been three and a half hours. And as you can see, it can, it's hard. You can virtually peel that off the bone. But what I'm going to do, this is the mad bit, is I'm going to leave that now over and I'll cool down. So what will happen there, as you can see, there's a little film of oil on there, is when you cool it down, that old form of disc, which you can peel off. So when we make the stock, the sauce, sorry, you know, we've got no oil in it, it's just a pure beefy flavour. So we're going to leave that overnight. I mean, another way, as you could get, you know, it's a kitchen towel and take it off. But I like to do it that way, you know, because with any stew, you leave it overnight, you know, another day, and all of them flavours mean altogether. And it's ten times tastier than if you were to eat it now. So we're going to turn that off, cool it down, and then we'll come back tomorrow, we'll skim it off, reduce it, and then we'll serve it up with our lovely mushroom-tapering bean. So there's another quick looking there. Just want to show you. I mean, you can eat that now. Okay, now, let's get this meat out of here, let's get it reduced. Like I said, I left them on in overnight, just so the flavours are margamete a bit more, you know. And obviously, that layer of fat that was on there, you know, I peeled off a small one, but in all fairness, it wasn't a lot of arm. So, you know, you don't have to do this bit. You just, you know, carry on from when the stew was boiling. So what we're going to do is take that lovely meat out. As you can see, it's starting to shrink away from that bone. If you can see on that plate there, absolutely fantastic. So I'm going to remove all that. And then I'm going to strain that liquor then, and we're going to reduce it. So, you know, I'm not going to leave the onions in. What I will do is I will pick out some of the carrots, to go on the dish. I mean, look at that. That is absolutely beautiful. I'm going to look at that plate, it's steaming beautifulness. Right, let's strain that liquor. So I'm going to get me a saucepan. It's going to pull. I'll end it. I'm just going to tip. Put that in the cream there, cast all the bits. Give it a tap to get through. And you're left with your carrots and your onions. And there's that liquor. So what I'm going to do now is I'm going to put that on that back of my hand. Remove that. Put it on there. No lid on. Full pout. And we're going to reduce that by half. So I've got my liquor on there, reducing. As you can see, I've just put my potatoes on for the mash. And we're going to sort out the meat. Now you can leave this meat in chunks. It's a bit hot at the moment, but what I like to do, as you can see, I'll gentle. It just pulls off that bone. I mean, so I'm going to let that cool down a bit. I'm going to start tearing that meat off. And what we'll do. I've saved my carrots. That's what you do. Nice and chunky. But that's what we do. We put it all back in there. Get the potato mash. Get the beans on. Jogs are good. As you can see, that tail, because you did a lot of meat. I mean this is so soft and tender. When you consider how much work that joint does. I mean, look at that. Just pull apart. And that bone. I'll just look it up. All that collagen is broken down. Beef lollipops. That's what I'm going to do. You'll see I've got my oxalmy. I've pulled it off. You don't have to do this. You know, leave it on the bone, but I reckon it looks, you know, a bit better. I'm going to save my carrots. I'm going to do, we're going to chip them. Look it down a bit now. We're just going to gently warm. Pull this back through. In it. Trust me, this is something special. So you can see I've got my potatoes on. I'm just warming this through now. Just want to have a look in there. I can't find my sat looks. Just have a taste of that. See what I've tasted. How many that? That leaving that overnight. Just done that the will to go. Should we do that bit of pepper? Get a salt. Just keep that warm through. Right, on the final straight now. Got my potatoes on. Just like a mushroom. Put my beans on. As you can see, that's just gently warming through it the back. I'll turn that down a little bit. Another five minutes later. Right guys, I'm going to be walking away before. So I'll show you that lovely mash. That's whatever the weight of the potatoes. Half the weight again. A butter. Now, you know I ain't no professional chef. So, I'm just going to give it some of that. I've got peanuts, so don't worry I'm just going to. Man my beans on like that. And the D. S. G. Resistance. Get some of that beef. Some of those carrots. And put them on the carrots on there. And a bit of that liquor. Just a little bit on that. And there you have it. Mark's tail stew and mash. And season all the local beans. All that remains for me to try it. Come to the user spoon. Just look at that. That wine is so rich. Flavours have a bit of that mash as well. I mean. I've just melted them out. That is absolutely fantastic. Remember guys, the tail is not just for swatting flies. Thanks for watching. You