 The health benefits and uses of time leaves. One. Time is a common herb used in cooking throughout the world for its delicious flavor. These leaves have a great range of health benefits for the human body. Two. It has been used since ancient times for improving health and treating various bodily problems. The ancient Egyptians use this for embalming whilst the Greeks use this as an incense in temples. Three. Even the Romans use time to add a wonderful flavor to cheese and fight breathing problems and lung diseases. Four. Nowadays time is used to make herbal teas. This can be achieved by simply steeping the herb in hot water and then drinking to enjoy its benefits. Five. Time leaves contain a powerful compound called thymol. This destroys harmful bacteria and organisms. Consuming time regularly helps to protect your body against cold or flu viruses. Six. Time essential oil is made from the leaves and is one of the best natural remedies for throat infections. When suffering with a painful sore throat, add time leaves as a flavoring to your healthy stews with bone broth. This quickly heals the infection and relieves pain. Seven. Time leaves were also used by the Romans to prevent food poisoning. Adding time to your meals destroys harmful bacteria which could cause food poisoning. Eight. The wonderful flavor and aroma of time adds a unique taste to meals and works well when sprinkled over salads or added to meat dishes. Nine. It has been shown in scientific studies to improve your mood and well-being by elevating serotonin and dopamine levels in the brain. These are considered happy hormones and keep you feeling great. Ten. Time is also rich in vitamin C and vitamin A. These improve the health of your immune system and eyesight amongst many other benefits. Eleven. The leaves also contain healthy minerals including iron, copper, manganese, calcium, phosphorus, potassium and zinc. Twelve. They also contain carvacolo, borneol and germinol which work with the thymol to destroy fungi and bacteria. Thirteen. Time oil can be applied to skin infections such as athletes' foot or ringworm as a fast acting cure. Fourteen. Studies have shown that time leaves can destroy the hospital's super bug known as MRSA. It helps to treat infections of strains that are resistant to antibiotics. Fifteen. Time was also studied at Leeds Metropolitan University and was shown to be more powerful at destroying acne than prescription creams. Sixteen. Time can be grown easily at home or can be purchased in dried form. We recommend adding this to sort aid vegetables, fish dishes and soups. Seventeen. Studies have also shown that time can prevent colon cancer and also be used to help fight active breast cancer. Eighteen. There are varieties of honey which you can purchase where the bees have used time nectar to make the honey. This is delicious and provides some enormous health benefits. You can chop time very finely and add this to a salad dressing. Mix extra virgin olive oil, lemon juice and finely chopped time to produce a rich, tasty and healthy dressing. Twenty. Time oil can be inhaled by adding to a bowl of steam. This eases bronchitis and whooping cough. To learn more about healing herbs and natural remedies, please see our other videos. Thank you very much for listening. A like is always appreciated and remember to subscribe and tap the bell for more healthy videos. I wish you great health, wealth and happiness.