 Welcome to Mrs. Lens Kitchen. Today I'm going to show you how to make papaya salad. Papaya salad is also called sengtong in Thai. It is a delightful summer dish that's very popular in Thailand. So let me show you some of the important ingredients as well as tools that you will need for this dish. Papaya is the most important ingredient of course. It has to be green as well as firm. It is too soft to touch or it's turning yellow or orange. It's too ripe for this dish. I like to use the Thai chili but you can also use a red chili or any other chili so you can find and adjust the heat according to your taste. If you have peanut allergy then you can forgot the peanuts. The tools that it's a good investment to get is the mandolin vegetable slicer or the vegetable turning slicer and you will also need a big mortar and pestle for this dish. Here is the ingredients overview. With ingredients for papaya salad you can adjust to have more or less of each item. Useful tools include a mortar and pestle as well as a bain reener vegetable slicer to save some time. Start by peeling the papaya then slice it in half and removing the inner seeds with a spoon. Not to begin slicing the papaya. With the vegetable turning slicer cut the papaya in half and pierce it between the middle holder and the prongs at each end of the papaya. Begin turning and pushing towards the slicer at the end to begin slicing. As the papaya gets smaller you may need to adjust it in case it begins to fall off. The papaya strands come out round and curly and may require cutting in cases strand is too long. The vegetable slicer with container allows the slice food to fall into the container below. The slicer also comes with three blades small medium and large and the height of the blade can be adjusted below. With this slicer simply slide the papaya back and forth through the slicer. You will want to be very careful when handling the papaya as you can easily get cut if you're not paying attention. When the papaya piece gets smaller use the hand protector piece to continue so you do not allow your hands to get close to the blade. The papaya with this slicer comes out as small strands. When turning the carrot be sure to cut in half then use the hand protector piece to begin slicing. Now to prepare the rest of the vegetables. De-strain the chili and also the green beans. Then slice the green beans in half. Slice the tomatoes into quarters and remove the garlic skins and ends. You can mince the garlic now or simply allow them to be mashed up with the mortar. Place the green beans, chili and garlic into the mortar and begin smashing them. This mortar with its rough surface will help grind the ingredients inside while allowing the juices to stay in as well to mix with everything else. Once they are decently smashed begin putting in the papaya and carrot strands to be smashed as well. You do not want to grind these too much but enough to allow the juices from the rest of the ingredients to get soaked up inside. You can then add the lime juice, fish sauce and sugar into the mix and begin smashing again. Finally add in the tomatoes and peanuts into the mixture. With the help of a large spoon mix around and smashing the ingredients altogether to ensure all the juices combined with one another. And then you're all done! Refreshing papaya salad is easily made and ready to be served. So now the papaya salad is made. I just have a few more points to point it out to you. If you prefer your papaya salad to be a little bit sweeter then you can add a little bit more sugar to it. You can either use palm sugar which is traditionally used ingredients but you can use white, brown or cane sugar for this purpose. If you want your papaya salad to be a little bit tart then add more lime juice to it and if you want it saltier then add more fish sauce to it. I hope you enjoy watching me show you how to make papaya salad today. Please don't forget to subscribe to our channel and have a eating!