 When I turned 30 I toured around Italy in my camper van. Cooking everywhere I went. I did some amazing things which changed my life forever and I'll never forget it. I'd been out shopping in my van and I'd got all that I needed to make a beautiful, sausage risotto and wear better to cook it than on the top of the hill as sunset. Perfect. I'm boiling up the water here which is going to be my stock. We were driving up here and there's a geese in a cave with a bunch of sheep. With the onions, take the skins off and I'm going to put them whole into my stock. So, whole onions and I want to boil the sausages and then I'm going to fry them a little later. Straight into the stock water. So, in they go, straight in there. Stocks ticking over nicely and we'll take one of these onions out. Just going to cut it in half. A little bit of olive oil in. So, I've just chopped that onion up and I'm going to put that into the pan. Oh yeah, the pan wants it. Time leaves. Onion, oil, slowly cooked, bit of time, bit of savor, you could use rosemary instead. I'm using our boria rice. You can use canaroli, they're very starchy, plump. You slowly cook it massaging out all that lovely starch from inside it. Not too much stock at a time because that's just going to be boiled rice. We don't want boiled rice. So, a little bit of stock. That's how you get the creamy risotto. You hear that? It's fine, okay? So, don't let it fry for more than 30 seconds, right? In with the white wine. About a wine glass bowl. I want to cook that white wine away until you're left with just the rice again. Then you're left with the perfume and not that sort of alcohol you flavour. Then I'll start adding the stock and we'll crack on with the risotto as you always do. Adding a bit of stir and a bit. So, I'm going to pour my stock from here into here, leaving me with the sausages in here. I want that sausage to get crispy, you know, like crispy bits. The sausages go back on, but this time to get crispy. A little bit of stock. That is really good. In here, I just chopped the sausage up that I'd boiled and I just fried it until it was like crispy bits. And then as it was getting golden, I just threw in the time and a bit more savoury. And I'm going to put half of that in to the risotto now and cook it in there for the last couple of minutes. So, over to the pan. Normally I put another butter in, but I haven't got any number of butter, so I'm going to put a little swig of good quality oil. Alright, and there you go. Look at that. Alright, that's done. That's it there. And then lid on top. Notice no heat, no fire. Lid on top. Lend it rest for the two minutes as you get a lovely oozy risotto. If your risotto is firm, you know what I mean? It's not good, it's got a oozy, proper old fashioned Scottish porridge. You know what I mean? It's got to be perfect. So, you're... Lay a family! I have no idea that bloke is, but I want to give him some food. Look at that. Alright. Oh, you... I'm going to finish it with parmesan. Put loads in and you'll wreck it. Just a little bit. Gratio. And look, just one bit of roasted onion. I've never just fed a random person before, but it's quite nice. Have a good day. Bono not this in your... Piescieri. Yeah, she's funny. Gratio. You just said, optima. The best. That was cool, man. I will never forget that moment in all of my life. And I swear on my mother's life, that wasn't set up. That was just totally fluke. And I will never forget that moment. That's just genius. What a good risotto. If you love this, hit the thumbs up button. And of course, if you haven't subscribed to Food Tube, hit that button because it's free. And we love it. And we love you. Thank you very much. Bye!