 Hey girl, glad to see you. But I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I love you girl. Look here. Look here. Good morning everyone. As you can tell, I got a new jumpsuit, courtesy of the tailors here in Hoi An. Today we are taking another cooking class, but this one is pretty special. Because when you think about Vietnam, you think about Vietnamese food, what's the first thing that comes to mind? Darts with a pee. That's right. Today we are going to be making fun. We're going to learn about all the ingredients that goes into the delicious bowl of noodles, in addition to making a few other dishes. The great thing about Hoi An, and I've been saying it over and over again, is that every single ingredient used in the dishes here is sourced from the local villages and the local wells. And we're actually going to be able to check out that organic village I've been raving about. This video is in collaboration with Cook Lee. If you guys remember from our first video, Cook Lee is a platform for you to discover cooking classes around Asia. Since they really enjoyed our last cooking class together, they're offering a 10% discount. That's right, y'all. If you type in the code, cupatijay, at cook Lee dot meat. I don't get a commission. Just try to save y'all a few dollars. Alright, enough talking. Let's start our adventure today, and then get to cooking. Let's go! MUSIC The trucky village. Fresh coriander. I love coriander. With the farmer at the village, when they go to the river over there, and they take the river stream, and the white string onion, in mean, and they steam white string onion and stream, and after that they tie them together. Wow! The recipe was telling me that there's only one family that makes the noodles for the cowl out. And the bum bog, which was one of my favorite, the white roast dumplings, is made from two families, but they're like brother families. Wow! So interesting! MUSIC We are trying a local drink. MUSIC Oh, Rob, get in the hang of it. MUSIC And you can look at this. This looks like chia seeds, but he said it's actually white basil seeds. MUSIC MUSIC Oh! MUSIC Oh, there's so much ginger. MUSIC Very ginger-y. MUSIC Oh, this is all ginger shreds. MUSIC It's awesome, I love that color. MUSIC Now we're going to go to the local market, they're produced to sell. And we're going to check out some of the ingredients that we're actually going to use in today's dish. MUSIC Dishes. MUSIC MUSIC Danudo is special noodle in my oven. MUSIC Yeah, in the name of Danudo we call me Iwan. MUSIC Yeah, this one we call boom. MUSIC Boom, boom boy. MUSIC Yeah, boom he means the bad mystery noodle. MUSIC We give the rice flour water and we might fresh right by the lettuce. And after that, we put them in the bottom. MUSIC Wow! And we got the noodle. MUSIC Oh my gosh! Hello! Hello! Hello, I told you they made from the water from the well. Either from Bali well. MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC Vietnamese sausage. Ah, Vietnamese sausage. When we made Vietnamese sausages, usually we would mix the beef or the pork. MUSIC Uh-oh! Maybe some pepper, some garlic in there, banana leaf and the steamer. Steam them, so this is steam. Yeah, the infecuation. Ah! Wait, if it's a triangle, it's a male. Yeah, and the circle it is, it's female. MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC Now it's time to go back and start the cooking class. I'm so excited! MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC It doesn't fit my head, it's too big. MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC Yeah, be born. To make the soup. Yeah, and we need to cook them longer and we want to take the chute from the, uh, the, the, the bone. Before we cook the stock, we need to wash the bone first. And we washed the bone into boiling water. After we washed them, we put them into another bowl and with the boiling water. And over here we have some ingredients we need to make the flavor. Start on it. Oh, oh man, you guys smell from these things. Basically with the star anise, glow and nude mess. And onion, ginger. And shallots, 22, greywoodam on the charcoal first. And now we don't have the charcoal, we need to cook them into dry paint. MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC Man, I wish you guys can smell this. There's so much aroma in the air. MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC Just simmer, not boiling, right? And you can cook them about four or five or six hours. That's the matter. The best part about fuzz is that soup and you can tell there's a ton of ingredients that goes into it. We wait for the broth, the stock. We're gonna now make fresh rice paper. We use the rice flour water. Now we have the broth like this and under the day we have the boiling water. And on the top we cover by material. With the material we use in normal cotton. Just normal cotton? Yeah, almost done. We put the one-pool lighter like this. On the top. OK. And we start from the middle to a row from the middle to a row like this. OK. And we steam it. All right, done. OK. And before you leave them up, you need to water the bamboo stick into water. OK. Like this. And we leave it. Whoa! Look at that. OK. And we put them on plate like this. And we tap it like this and we turn it. Fresh rice paper. And that one is quite, quite fine. Oh, I love it. Yeah. Oh my goodness. I love the stock. You need to turn it. You need to turn it. OK. And then we put it into noodles. Not for machines. And cut. I can't feel like this. And we got the noodles. OK. Oh my god. We my fresh green one with my style, my recipe. Oh, with your recipe. May spring roll before, but this is a special recipe Mr. Beans. Let's see what's inside. Oh, yes. With the oil you want to check the hot or not, you can put the chopped it like this. And when you want to be bubbling around, chop the hot in up. Garlic. Mushroom, carrots. And streaming. And set streaming on the oven. From the body to the pan. Yes. Like this. OK. And we put it on. Oh my god. You have to come on to this so sound. You can talk to him. Talk to him. You can get it. You can talk to him. You want to get it? OK. Thank you. Thank you. Oh. Fresh spring rolls. These are very, very different from the last one we made. Because this is fresh rice paper and then greens inside is stir fry. Oh, look at all this color with the orange and the green. All right. All right. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. I ate it all. Or rice snapper or garipa or any white fish. Like this. Yeah. And do I put all? Whoa. Oh, you made a carrot tea. Real them on the charcoal. Do this on the charcoal. Yeah. Oh, we can play them in two. Now we have some fresh ginger, chopped onion, or carrot, mushroom, and string onion. Oh, yes. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Put about one spoon of... Huh? Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Put about one spoon of... Huh? And you hold them up like this. They're easy, huh? Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Okay. But it looks like the money bag. Yes, see? Oh, my gosh. Okay. Let me get up. Oh, my gosh. What do you want to do, Frida? Do you find the money bag? Okay. Put some... For... What? Now we put some fish sauce. Ah, yes. Mmm. That's great. Can I have more? You can put the beef. You can put the stock here. Wow. Wow. Yeah. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Yeah. And we put some. Yeah, that is fun. I know that already. I love the girl. I love the girl. Look here. Oh, wait. Hello, my chefs. It is time to try our delicious homemade fah. I cannot believe it takes all of that ingredient to make one fah bra. I think that's why when you drink a bowl of fah, it's just like if you feel so homey and nice and hearty. Because there's so much love that you put into it, you know? First, we're going to try the soup. My huge soup, fanatic. I love soup. Mmm. Yup. Oh, good. Mmm. Oh man, that noodle just like that spring roll, melts and dissolves in your mouth. Wort war will wake Mak Minecraft Oh no. But me? Oooh Close the gates And play? Heading to the back? Trying to jump up Dcinitus Yeah And assignment With five We just finished another successful cooking class. This one I think is definitely extremely professional. You can just tell from the ingredients and the recipe that they're using that it's like a top notch restaurant over here. If you make it to Hoi-On Vietnam, which I hope you do because it is one of my favorite towns in the world. You gotta try this cooking class. You can go and cook, you can find it there and even if you don't want to go to a cooking class, come to Doutien restaurant and get one of those spring rolls because they are legit. I am going to head back and take a little catnop and dream about those spring rolls forever. Thank you guys for joining me for this cooking class. I hope now you know how to make Pho. And that you can have something hardy and delicious and soupy on a very cold day. Or you to hot. Why not, right? I'll see you guys next time. Bye!