 Welcome to British Cook. What is Cloth of Cream? How do I eat Cloth of Cream? What do I do with a creamy liquid that's left over? These are questions I get asked every day on British Cook. So here I am about to answer them just for you. Cloth of Cream, that sounds disgusting. Eww! The name's very old. Ancient Britain old. Cloth of Cream was recorded as being given to people in the 14th century, written in poetry in the 15th century and in the rest of the books in the 16th century in Britain, the very old British dish. Historically, always from the southwest of the UK, Devon Cornwall. If you ever see Cloth of Cream with a label Cornish Cloth of Cream, it has been made by Cornish cows, Cornish milk, and at least 55% fat. But you don't need to worry about that because in my video I show you exactly how to make Cloth of Cream at home really cheap and really easy. So what do I use Cloth of Cream in? Cloth of Cream can be used in so many different things. The British Cream Tea, Scones, and if you're interested in how to make a British Cream Tea, there'll be links coming up at the end of this video to my Scones video, How to Make Scones, and also to my Cloth of Cream video. Cloth of Cream is also used a lot of making fudge on hot desserts like apple pie, hot chocolate fudge cake, parcel favourite on top of ice cream. I mean it can even be added to think like mashed potatoes, scrambled eggs, anything you can make a little bit richer by adding some cream to, you can make a lot lot richer by adding Cloth of Cream to. Also in the first comment down below, I'll leave a link to my recipes where I make other things with Cloth of Cream, Fudge Afogato, Cloth of Cream, Chocolate Truffles, Chocolate Truffles, but with Cloth of Cream. Amazing! There's even a rumour I might use it in pasties. Top secret, pasty recipe. That's a bit of history of background about what you can do with Cloth of Cream. You'll probably hear though as well because you've made Cloth of Cream, maybe, and you want to know what to do with the liquid that's left over. Let me show you a couple things I'll do with the liquid that's left over. Really easy. Also I get loads of questions about where to get the cream from. Where to get the cream from in America? What's your cream works? If you look down through the comments underneath the Cloth of Cream video, you'll find grants of their, don't use any kind of UHT cream or any kind of cream of stabilisers and unfortunately this is very common in America, it simply won't work. Do you not want to be really cool? If you could join me, click the subscribe button, tap the bell so you get notifications to come through and don't miss a thing from British Curve. So when you make Cloth of Cream, there's a liquid that separates underneath it and what I'm going to do is just pull that out a minute. So what we've got here is this liquid here. It's going to come out quite quickly. This is a sort of thing you can do with the cream after you've used a Cloth of Cream. Delicious! Keep watching! Give this a go! So there's quite a few things you can do with the liquid. The first thing you can do is start with the most simple one. Coffee? Just look at that. Quick stir. Absolutely gorgeous coffee. Lovely and creamy. So the coffee is a really quick and easy way to use it up. It keeps you from covered days in the fridge. Feed it into your coffee. Use it at a very creamy substitute for milk and any rest for you think of. I'm about to show you my favourite way to use this up. It's a British dessert called Eaton Mess. For the Eaton Mess, get some rings. Crush them. Break them up. I love meringue, don't you? Grab yourself some strawberries, raspberries, blackberries, any kind of berry fancy. Chuck them in the in the in the meringue. What we're going to do is quickly squash up a little bit, just squash it down, mix it in there. Next we add our liquid. Pour that in. So this becomes quite a sweet dish and the meringue does start to melt quite quickly in the cream. We're going to put some more meringue on top of it. Those are serving up. More meringue. Here's another idea. You can just pour it over fruit. You can pour it on cereal. You can pour it on your porch. Mix it in with your porch. So many different things you can do with this.