 Hello you guys, so today I'm going to show you how to make my coconut cake. This is so delicious and super soft of course. Now to make this cake you will need a few king ingredients. I'm not going to tell you guys to make a vanilla cake and just add coconut extract to it. No, that's not a coconut cake for me, okay? So I'm going to show you how to make a proper coconut cake using real coconut products such as coconut milk, coconut oil, coconut flakes, coconut yogurt. They're just going to give you a really genuine coconut flavor. It's going to be so good right now. I'm going to be pairing my cake with chocolate. I just love the combination of chocolate and coconut together. But if you want to make this really summer you can definitely make a lemon frosting or lime frosting or even a pineapple filling. Would be really nice here. So yeah, it's a little bit started. Let's make this. So in this bowl I have some sugar and to that we're going to add our coconut flour or you might know it's also a desiccated coconut. You're then going to add some coconut oil. If you can find this brand it's awesome because it's exactly 130 grams. And that's exactly how much you'll need for my recipe. If you can't, any other brand is fine. This is actually the one that I usually use. Just make sure it's 100% real unrefined coconut oil. Do not get the flavorless kind. That's usually the refined one and it will not taste like coconut. We want coconut flavor rice. So you're going to cream those together just until combined. You're going to add your eggs all at once. This is actually a variation of my vanilla cake recipe. But for this recipe you'll only need two eggs. You're going to add your coconut milk. This is just some leftover coconut milk that I froze. It preses beautifully. If you're opening a new can of coconut milk you'll see that it's separated. You'll have your thick coconut cream and then the liquids. All you have to do is just shake it up. You know, just mix it together like I did. Add your coconut yogurt and one teaspoon of pure coconut extract and mix mine together. That's why you don't see me adding it. Again, make sure you're using a good quality really fragrant coconut yogurt. Go ahead and add your sifted dry ingredients and just mix until combined. You're going to divide your batter evenly into buttered and floured pans lined with parchment paper. Give these a good tap and you're going to bake your cakes in a preheated oven at 180 degrees Celsius for about 20-23 minutes. Do the toothpick tasks and it comes out clean. They are ready. Be sure to not over bake your cakes guys. They should come out of the oven still white. You're going to turn them over and let them cool completely. To be honest, this cake is very delicious. Serve them its own with a little whipped cream maybe, so you can serve it that way. But we're going to make a frosting for anybody that wants a frosting. You're free of course to make whatever frosting you prefer. Iversally love it a fellow chocolate. If you've never had a fellow chocolate, they're basically these little coconut balls covered in white chocolate. I think they also have a white chocolate center. They're just delicious. I know you may be thinking white chocolate and coconut really are you sure? It's a great combo rice. If you've ever had those, you know they're bomb guys. They're just so good. So we're basically making a white chocolate ganache. All I have here is just some melted white chocolate. We'll almost melt it actually. It doesn't have to be completely melted guys because it will continue melting once we add the hot cream. So once your cream becomes hot, allow it to come to a gentle simmer. You're going to turn off your stove and add that to your chocolate. Mix very well. At first it will be very strange looking but eventually it will come together. Add a few drops of pure coconut extract, mix, and then you're going to refrigerate this for at least three hours. This needs to be cold. So you can make this a few days in advance if you want. You're then going to whip it up and you'll see you're going to get the most beautiful silky, luxurious and delicious cake. In case you didn't notice, I love showing you guys the texture of my desserts. You can't taste them. I mean, unless you make them obviously. But I try my best to at least show you guys the texture of things which I think is very important. If you're going to soak your sponges with some coconut milk, coconut milk guys is the most delicious thing ever. Oh my goodness. Now since it is summer, you may have to refrigerate this cake. If you do, be sure to cover well and take it out of the fridge at least 20-30 minutes before serving. You never want to serve cold cake, unless you're making tiramisu or trisretes or something along those lines basically. Normal cake should never be in cold. So, frost your cake however you please. I'm actually going to show you in another video how I frost my cakes. It's actually continuation. I guess this video, which I hope I will get around to editing soon. But anyway, you know, just frost it however you want. Now, I'm going to make a dark chocolate drip for my cake. I just want a little bit of contrast and flavor and aesthetics. Since we've made this many times before, the chocolate drip, I'm not going to show you guys how to make it. You guys know how to make it by now. And if you don't, I'll just leave the recipe in the description box. But it's basically the same procedure as the frosting we made for the cake. So you just mix chocolate and the hot cream together. Decoration wise, I do not like adding coconut flour on top of my cake. I just find it looks a bit messy. So I like to add real pieces of coconut as decoration. I think it looks quite elegant this way and nobody does it. But again, guys, this is your cake. Have fun with it. Be creative. Decorate it however you want. I think this cake is very beautiful. Maybe one of the most elegant cakes I've ever made. The texture of this cake is just incredible. From that silky chocolate and not shunt talk to that beautiful soft punch, the flavor guys is unbeatable, just pure genuine coconut flavor. So yeah, that's how you make my coconut cake. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. If you did, please give it a big thumbs up for me. And please subscribe. I've always a new video every Friday. I really hope you guys will make this cake. It is perfect for summer. If you do, I would love to see a picture. It can send it to my Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. If you did, please give it a big thumbs up for me. And please subscribe. I've always a new video every Friday. I really hope you guys will make this cake. I'm on Twitter, Facebook, wherever you guys want. Thank you so much for watching. And I will see you next Friday. Bye.