 Hey guys, thanks for stopping by. So I'm gonna be starting a series called Plant Profiles where I'm just gonna be highlighting specific plants every week. So today this is an underrated plant here. This is called a Nispera guest farm. I have these two varieties at my house. This one is called the... And this one here is called. They're really easy. I've actually had them outside all summer and they've just been sitting under my patio. They really don't require any special care outside at all. So these are one of the fastest growing and easiest plants to care for in the house or outside. They're lovely because they have these fern-like features but they're actually not ferns at all which is a good thing for me and these ferns if they're gonna be living in my house anyway because every fern that I have seems to kick the bucket. And they're actually a member of the Lillie family. Crazy right? They don't look like lilies at all. The needle-like leaves on each of them are called cadodes and they are actually what performs the process of photosynthesis. Oh, they're so pretty. The leaves are where the cadode meets the stem. It's just a tiny little scale-like thing. So outside these are perennials in zones nine or higher. They grow it best in bright indirect light inside and then outside they do better in partial shade or full shade really because I had mine on my patio. They did get a little bit of morning sun but not half of a lot. So if you put these indirect hot sunlight it could scorch the leaves. So you're not gonna want to do that. And if they're not getting enough light then it will cause the plant to kind of turn yellow and for the spikes to start dropping off. Their perfect temperature is daytime temperatures of 70 to 75 degrees which is pretty darn close to your house temperature probably. And then at night they like the temperature to drop about 10 degrees. So I mean that's their ideal temperature. But outside this summer I mean it's been 100 and upwards degrees. And just last night it changed to gosh it was only in the 60s so and they look great. They're doing great. So they're really not dainty or finicky or anything like that. The light most plants they like to be planted in. Well they like their soil to be slightly acidic and they also like well draining soil. But they also like to stay moist. So you can add peat moss to your soil. I recommend pearl light for all your soil. It's amazing. And then I've also got just some orchid bark laying on top because that helps it to stay moist. These guys like I mean now tolerate when they're in a bit of a drought. So you can neglect them a little bit but if you do it too long they're probably not going to like that. They grow best when given plenty of water especially during the growing season. So during the summer the warm month. Now in lower light conditions so during the winter they don't need as much water just like most plants don't need as much water during the winter. They appreciate high humidity so if you want to disparate some they would appreciate that but they don't need it. So in the spring when the new growth starts to appear then that's when you want to start fertilizing it. So sometimes it's hard when you're plant addict like I am and you have so many different plants and they all have different care instructions. So what I've done is just kind of I follow a regimen like as far as fertilizing goes for sure that will work for everyone. And basically what I do is just fertilize them at a weaker concentration every week when I water during the warm growing months. So if these are under proper conditions they are going to produce new growth for you all year round. Asparagus ferns have big tuberous roots and so they become root bound fairly quick and and then once they become root bound is when you're going to see more growth and flood. It's kind of stressful when your plants live in outside on the patio like these have been and then you just all of a sudden move them inside or it can be if the environments are way different. So if you're moving them inside from 100 degrees outside and it's 60 something inside then you're going to want to kind of acclimate them and do it you know over a two or three weeks span and same with in the spring when you decide if you decide you want to take them outside you want to do that somewhat slowly and so you don't stress them out too much. So if it becomes necessary to you know you feel like you need to prune these. I'm not sure I've never had that happen because I really like them when they get all along and lovely but if you did need to prune them then you're going to want to cut them off at the very right where they come out of the dirt so not just trim around like that because they don't like that. So with these guys they're pretty prone to all of the pests spider mites, melee bugs, all of them. You're going to want to check them really well before you bring them inside. I always give mine a treatment and I've already done it on these ones darn it but I'm going to make a video of what I do with my plants before I bring them. But basically if you find that you do have the spider mites or any other kind of pest then you can just cut these off right at the ground at the top line of the soil and start over again. So and just get rid of the infested leaves. Once you do that new growth should appear pretty quick so especially if it's in the right environment that it's happy in. There's another genre of this plant and it's called the Fox Till Fern. I actually don't have one of those but I'll go ahead and put a picture of that right here. It has the same care requirements as these friends do. They're all part of the asparagus Fern family. So I think that's about covered it. If there's anything I've forgotten just let me know in the comments. I think these are great plants. They're so beautiful. They have the beauty of ferns but they're not. Yeah so let me know if you guys have asparagus ferns which kind you have. Hey guys well thank you so much for watching. I hope that you all have a great day. Remember to check out my Instagram at Plant Soot Plant Ollum.