 Alright, it's Chef Buck here and today we're going to cook up some black eyed peas because it's the new year. Him and girl make sure we always eat them on a new year's day. It's supposed to bring good luck. So first thing we're going to do is we're going to get our bacon going and you can use as much bacon as you like. You know, I'm going to throw three slices on here because we want a lot of bacon flavor. But you can use more less. You know, I got my skillet like on medium heat and we're going to keep it that way. For a while. And while our bacon is frying up, I'm going to go ahead and chop up some jalapenos over here. And you can use fresh jalapenos if you like. I'm going to use some pickled jalapenos because it's easier. Here's as much as little as you like. You know, we actually like jalapenos so we're going to use this much which is quite a little bit for one can of beans. I'm just giving them a rough chop, you know, nothing too intensive but it's bigger small as you like. So why do people eat black ice peas? I think we're getting into the year. I could not tell you the answer to that question. But you make us eat these every year. It's fiber. It's we're old. No, we need fiber. Your girl does not let me use day go by without black ice peas. But why? Because they taste good. They're fiber. It's a tradition. Alrighty, our bacon is starting to look pretty good. I like to crisp it up a little bit before adding the other ingredients. If you wanted to, you could chop it up before you ever even put it in the skillet. But I'm going to go ahead and do it like this today because it's a little easier. I think the end if you do it like that. How pineal is in bacon? That's a winning combination. So I'm going to throw it all back into the skillet there. So let this sizzle away for another minute there. Alrighty, there's not a lot of grease in this bacon here. You know, this is a pretty lean cut of bacon, you know, because I got the fancy cancer bacon. So I'm going to go ahead and throw me in a little bit of butter. Boom, butter and bacon. That's a winning combination. My heart says. Alrighty. Get us a little bit of fat in there. And now I'm going to throw in just like a little spoonful of flour. You can use whatever kind of flour you like. I'm using a little bit of chickpea flour, but you can use regular flour if you like. Alrighty, I'm going to stir this in here for a moment. Doesn't that look beautiful, you know, with the jalapenos and bacon and that little bit of flour? We don't even need to add beans to this. I think we could probably put this on a crack. What I got here, boom, it's just one can of black eyed peas. See, boom, right there? That's what's in here, but I've already rinsed, you know, drained it and rinsed it. Just going to throw it in a while. Throw that around, get that all mixed up, and let it sit there and sizzle away for a moment. So we've had this sizzle in here for about a minute. So it's stirred around. Man, that's some great flavor working right there. Now I'm going to go ahead and add me a little bit of water. Not a whole lot. We'll stir around and let that all heat up here. And you don't have to use water if you want. If you have a little bit of chicken broth, or any kind of broth, you can go ahead and use that. But we're going to bring this up to a bubble. Since we're not putting a lot of water in here, you know, just a wee little bit. It's just going to come up to a simmer pretty quick. Now we'll go ahead and let this cook away for a few minutes all on its looms. All right, so there you have it. You know, we've let that liquid cook down. You know, it's gotten kind of creamy. You know, that's that little bit of flour. You know, that's turning it into almost like a gravy. Well, there you have it, man. That's all there is to this dish. You know, it's super duper simple. Bacon, jalapenos, blackout peas, great combination. You know, it didn't put any pepper in here. Because, you know, the jalapeno pepper is going to give it that kick. Not going to add any salt because there's plenty of salt with the bacon. So there you have it, man. This is a super duper side dish. We're going to go ahead and serve it with a little bit of curry coleslaw and fish. You know, I usually like to make this particular dish, you know, with liver and onions. But it's a great side dish for a lot of different things. A super duper easy recipe, you know, a great way to eat it up with some blackout peas to start off your new year. So that's it. Go on in here and get a close shot of this here. Can't wait to look at that. Look how delicious that looks. You know, that's going to be spicy. We got that black and fish. You know, that's going to have a kick to it. You know, we got the spice and the jalapenos. So we're going to offset it with a little bit of curry coleslaw. You know, coleslaw is going to be nice and cool. But that's going to have a little bit of a kick too because of the curry. So we might have, we might have too much cake going on here. But that's not a bad way to start off the next 365 days. So that's it, you know. Go ahead and give this recipe a try. Let us know what you think. Bon appetit and happy new year. But you know, if it ain't the new year, that don't mean you can't make this dish. You know, black eyed peas, the other 364 days, black eyed peas, you know, they're just all right too, you know, especially if you cook them up like this.