 Hi, I'm Jennifer Borges. I'm Jacob and today for our blog we are doing a little experiment When I was growing up my mom loved Iberu So I think she liked the clean smell of it and stuff like that And then a lot of people today don't realize that I've reversed so the only one that floats Whoa this one sinks in this one blow So how was that possible? So today we're gonna do an experiment with this ivory bar of soap to show that it's not only pure clean But it's also fine what we're gonna do is we're gonna put this in the microwave So what what's your prediction? So the first thing you do when you do an experiment is you make an observation What does this soap look like now? It looks like it's all together and in a piece I have two predictions Okay, what does it go? Hypothesis? Hypothesis, that's right I have two hypothesis One is that it stays in the shape and but it's very very gooey and here's another one that I think Or it'll just be all flat and gooey And we've never done this experiment before all you need to do this experiment is a bar of ivory soap a microwave safe plate and a microwave Oh I can't wait to see what happens Oh What is that? Is that what you predicted? Wait, I wouldn't touch it yet it might be hot. I'm wondering what it would feel like but I want you to think of what it might feel like before you touch it It smells so good. Okay So my feel kinda like a knocking because it looks like a knocking and it might feel kinda gooey It's Joy It's like a knocking kind of I thought it would be more wet. I know Alright, so I think it's safe to say that ivory soap in many different forms is not only pure clean but also fun Yeah You thought it was fun? Really fun If you enjoyed our video, please give us a thumbs up and subscribe to our channel if you haven't already just hit that red button down there or down there I can't remember which side it's on. Thanks so much for watching Bye And a big thanks to ivory for sponsoring this video and giving us some fun mommy daughter time So much and please try this as a bear mate