 So many dogs are really afraid of fireworks. If you want to get your dogs to come to the wall around something here she is afraid of, you're going to have to fade out the thing that he doesn't like, or something that he does like. As the fireworks are going off, I'm feeding Ultron Paparoni, which are his favorite. If you've got a dog, it's afraid of something. Start with pairing whatever it is with their steered up with something that they really like so that they can correlate the negative stimulus with a positive stimulus. Now it's not going to make Ultron think, oh yes fireworks are going, I love them. But he's going to be a less panicky when they're going off because he's going to associate fireworks with getting to eat treats. When a dog is afraid of fireworks, I start with a recorded video of fireworks and play the volume not so loud while feeding the dog treats or playing with the dog while the fireworks are playing. And the fireworks have stopped, I stopped the food. That is really important to let the dog get the association that when the fireworks start, the food starts. And the fireworks stop, the food stops. Then I gradually raised the volume until it's very loud. Once the dog is okay with the noises that they make, it continued a repetition until the dog was fully okay with the fireworks and is no longer scared. I typically do this training once every three months after the original training is completed, which is what we're doing right now, to make sure that the dog will not be afraid on holidays or special occasions where there are fireworks outside. This is Ultron's first time hearing fireworks and I know that he's afraid of fireworks because I tried to train him around gunshots and he was afraid of the gunshots. So I'm starting with fireworks and then we're going to gradually build up to gunshots so that I know he's not afraid of those. But right now we're just working off of the fireworks sounds that are on my computer right now. He's not phased by it because he knows that he's getting treats. So hopefully he'll start to correlate treats with fireworks and fireworks with treats so that when he hears fireworks he thinks it's a good thing because he's going to get treats. I hope that helps you guys and happy training from Gallifrey Service Dog Training.