 back now with today food and you're if you're looking for the ultimate crowd pleasing dish. We have the recipe for you making cheesy chicken and shallot with Mr. Tyler Florence the host of Food Networks the great food truck race. I tell them everything he knows. Good morning, how are you? I'm a chujernelist I just tried it first so that way I can fully know whatever it's so good. Thank you very much. Yeah, this is a five star recipe on Food Network dot com. It's my it's my spicy cheesy enchiladas really really delicious great for game day. What's these ingredients? Yeah, it's great. So let's just kind of burn we got about three minutes. It's burned pretty fast. So chicken corn tortillas some really good cheese tomatoes garlic corn a little bit of tiny bit of flour to thicken a sauce up you can leave it off you want to green onions red onion tomato chipotle green chilies and then some like enchiladas sauce. So you can use your favorite enchiladas sauce or it's also a recipe on food art dot com as well right. So first things first so you want to season the chicken breast right. So this is this is a little mixture you got to jump in right. So this is garlic powder cumin and then just regular chili powder. Okay, give it a little stir. Yeah, I'm gonna slide over here here. He does now badly but he does now. Look at that. See that's for renders. No, no, give it a good mix it up first. I don't know if that's what it's supposed to give me this is actually how we do it the right way. Yeah, all right. Great. So I like he did that perfectly. Yeah, it's perfect. So then you can drop this into match and I did it well. There you go my friend. That's good. Better. Okay, round two man always works out. Let's get on the backside too. Okay, so you want to sear this really really well until it's cooked all the way through to about 160 with an inserete the monitor and then when the chicken's done right and then you just want to shred it all right. So this is the cool thing about so you can take the chicken yeah, right. And you kind of like tear it into like really beautiful long stringed pieces right. And then you'll get this exactly just like that and then also with the recipe you want to saute some onions and garlic and then shall you can jump into a little green chilies put this in here. Yeah, jump it in and just see now I'm worse than Ryan. Really? No, I believe in you. I believe that the power enchiladas green chilies a little bit of the chipotle not too much. Yeah, yeah, it's a little bit. Yeah, I'm like how much? Like that we go. Yeah, I'm kind of a little bit of flour. Yeah, all of it, boom, right. And then stir this together and this is going to start to tighten up with the tomatoes and the chicken. So Ryan, you can dump that in brother. This to all this. Yeah, all the other baby. There we go. Su-dice tomatoes. Yeah, Su-dice tomato, Jeff. You have the chicken. Boom. Chicken's coming in. There we go. There we go. Okay, now here we go. We did this. There we go. So this is going to we this is going to cook together, right? It's going to look like just like this. Okay, nice big rich delicious stew. Okay, now enchiladas, right? You want to dip it in the enchilada sauce. A double dip. Yeah, yeah. Because that keep it from cracking. You know, sometimes when you roll them and they get all. Yeah, and and and and and and and the flavor just seeps all the way through and so okay, so you're going to take some of the enchilada. Not too much. You don't want to overfill it, right? You got you guys want to get a roll one off? Yeah. Okay. Perfect. Like that. Ryan, you ready? Yeah. Just twist this roll. Just roll it on up. Yes, yes, start over. Get it and give it a nice little twist all the way all the way over. Okay, tuck it in. Yeah. And then and then drop it in there. Just thicken in there. No. That's a boom. Perfect. Like that. You get them all done. Here's a towel for you. I'm just about to say I'm licking my fingers. And then you get some cheese on it just like that. And then the finished product. And then back here, which is over here. Yeah. Looking spectacular by the way. I cheated because I already started eating. That's okay. Oh, you do it over all of it. Yeah, then we got a little fresh fresh um sour. I'm not on top of that. Tyler, you know how this is good? You know how I know it's good because I'm going to take it home for lunch. That's right. To get this recipe at to today.com slash food. And Tyler, by the way, is taking over our Instagram today. So all along at today food. Absolutely. And uh, yeah, check out the great food show up race Sunday night, Sunday clock. Eight's the eight season. Yeah. Spectacular trip to the American South. You got to see it to believe it's fantastic. Thank you so much. Hello today fans. Thanks for checking out our YouTube channel. Subscribe by clicking that button down there. And click on any of the videos over here to watch the latest interviews, show highlights and digital exclusives.