 Hey, what's up guys, Danny from Danny Mac's kitchen. Great to see you as always. So listen, we have this pool going on at work where everybody puts in 50 bucks, not everybody like 12, 15 people. And the contest is to see who could lose 10 pounds in the shortest period of time. And this is like a really great incentive for me because I could stand to lose 10, 15 pounds. No doubt. The problem is with me is like I eat like crap, I eat up all the time. And even like when Brian comes over, he's like, dude, every time I come over here, I eat like crap, it's absolutely right. And I need to change my ways. So this is the perfect opportunity to show you an awesome brand new recipe that is going to be really, really healthy. I'm probably going to be eating it for the next seven days because I need to win that pool. It is a tabooly salad that hells from the Middle East Lebanon in particular. It is a parsley salad with bulgur wheat and other really awesome ingredients. It's easy fun. And I'm going to show you how to do it right now. Let's go. So I have one and a quarter cups here that I brought up to a boil. I'm going to turn that off. I have a bowl right next to it with one cup of cracked bulgur wheat. And all I'm going to do is just pour this right on top. I'm going to mix it around with a spoon. Just like that. And all we're going to do is just cover this with saran wrap. And we're going to put it in the counter that it's set there for about an hour and that all of that water is just really absorbent. So since I had some time to spare while the bulgur wheat is absorbing all the liquid I went in and I chopped all of the ingredients that we need. And we're going to use three bunches of parsley that I've chopped up fine. This is Italian, flatly parsley. It really has the best flavor to use that, not the curly kind. I have a half of a European cucumber, which is pretty much seedless. I'm going to add that. I have some red onion that I'm going to add. It's about a half of the red onion. And it's really, really important guys to discrepan that everything is chopped up really, really fine. So take your time. You have an hour. I have some mint leaves here. Only a couple maybe like three or four that I chopped up. And this is entirely optional. As you know, I like things spicy, so I have some jalapenos here with a little chopped garlic. Just to get a little heat and some fire. A couple tablespoons of olive oil. And we're going to juice some lemons in here. In total, I'm going to juice three lemons for this recipe. I like it nice and zingy and this is a really important part because this recipe calls for it to have a lot of lemon juice, not a lot of olive oil. So let's focus on that. So three lemons in total. Our boba wheat is totally cooked. I seasoned this with some salt and pepper. I'm just going to add this right to it. I'm not going to add the whole amount though. I'm going to add about half because this recipe traditionally is more of a parsley-based presentation. So we can reserve that for later and use it for another application. But it mixes all together well. It looks fantastic. The colors are screaming. This is so healthy for you. I'm going to be eating it for the next seven days. So it's going to be really good. I'm loving it. All right. So I'm just actually just going to plate this up right now for you guys. This is so awesome. I know I say that about everything, but it's really, really awesome. And I'm just going to garnish this with some fresh pita. Wait in the corner over here. I love serving this pita. Even like serving it on wedges of ramyun lettuce after the awesome soup. But check out this recipe guys. I hope you enjoyed it. It was very easy to do. Awesome. Enjoy, guys. Guys, before I let you go, I just wanted to point out the fact that this recipe is 100% vegetarian. And I've seen a lot of different people do different things with it. Like they add like artichokes, olives, even capers. So go nuts with the recipe. And please wish me luck with my contest and this whole wheat-loss thing. It should be interesting. I'll let you know how it goes. If you enjoyed today's presentation, please give us a thumbs up. Please hit that subscribe button on the way out. If you have any questions or comments about today's video, please leave a comment below. Or if you just want to say hello or complain about your boss or tell me about your day. I would love to hear about it anyway. Guys, how to bless with you. I'll see you next week. Dan, anything to ask? Kitchen.