 Hey everyone, so today I'm going to talk to you guys about Quilling. So when you first get your baby Hedgehog, they are going to be Quilling. And Hedgehogs can start Quilling from as early as 8 weeks old and as late to 6 months old. But it is normal for your Hedgehog to be Quilling. So if you see a ton of Quills in your Hedgehogs cage, don't be freaked out. Right now, DGC is Quilling and I will find Quills all over her cage in her house, in her litter pan, on her wheel just everywhere. So while your Hedgehog is Quilling, you are going to notice several changes. And one of those changes is you will notice a lot of Quills being lost. It's kind of normal for an older Hedgehog to lose one or two Quills. But a baby Hedgehog will lose a lot of Quills. But if you have an older Hedgehog and they are Quilling a lot, then that is not normal and you should take that Hedgehog to the effect. While your Hedgehog is Quilling, you will notice some new Quills poking out through their skin. And that is going to be very uncomfortable for your Hedgehog. And if they are probably going to have a major attitude change, you know, their skin is going to be very sore, so it's going to make them kind of touchy. They may curl in a ball more, they are probably going to hiss at you. DGC is actually very good. She is very, very good, but your Hedgehog may not. So if your Hedgehog is Quilling and you notice an attitude change, then that is why. But your Hedgehog will go back to normal after Quilling is over. But you have to make sure that you are still handling them. Also one other thing, if your Hedgehog isn't eating as much, that is also normal. So don't be alarmed if your Hedgehog isn't eating as much. That is just why. But it takes about one month for your Hedgehog to stop Quilling. So that is how long it should take. And also it helps if you give your Hedgehog a warm bath, because that is going to make their skin feel better. And it's just going to make your Hedgehog skin a little bit less sore. And your Hedgehog skin also will get dry. So if you have some kind of moisturizing body wash, which is what I use, then that's also going to help. Also another natural way to get your Hedgehog skin a little bit more moisturized is taking one teaspoon of olive oil and drizzling it on their back. And this is totally safe for your Hedgehog because it doesn't matter if they try to lick it off. And this is a natural moisturizer, so it should help your Hedgehog. But make sure that you don't stop playing with your Hedgehog because then they are going to stay grumpy. So if your Hedgehog is being very mean and grumpy while they are cooling, then just kind of don't stop playing them. But if your Hedgehog is changing, then that's why. And also when you take your Hedgehog out to play, there are going to be quills everywhere. And a couple times some quills have dropped on the floor and I have stepped on them on my back feet. And that can hurt. So it's going to be to pick up the quills so you don't step on them because it hurts. But that's pretty much it for quilling. Your Hedgehog will be okay. They should go totally back to normal once the quilling is over. But yeah, that's basically it. If you have any further questions, feel free to comment below or send me a personal message. Thanks. Bye.