 Okay y'all y'all seen the video the other day when I got them two pans right John. We're going see if we can get them hot. Got two on. Got all three burning them wide open. We're gonna shut it down, let them cook. Ain't there something red in there cooking pans. Alright y'all we're gonna check on these casters and they've been on here about about an hour and a half. Not unturned them over one time. But I see the temperature. It's the hot I gotta use a rag to open it. Ooh this hot boy, this hot. I see there. They burn all that old seasoning and stuff off of them. Now you can kind of see right there. I took a brush. Oh man that's hot. It burns all that old stuff off of there. Now you gotta do the brushing. See that coming out. But I'll use this right here on my drill. I'm gonna let these cook a little while because that right there still got something out of that hot. Yeah that's hot. They're cooking. Alright y'all we're gonna check on them. Alright I think it burnt about all the gone burnt. They're gonna get no hotter so we're gonna turn this off. We're gonna close this lid. So they cool gradually. They cool too quickly. They could break. Actually I'm gonna put a little heat on them. Alright. We'll sit right there like that for a few minutes. We're gonna gradually cool off. Alright y'all it's coming out. I'm gonna turn it off now. I'm gonna let them just cool naturally. Turn the propane off. I see them getting low down there. Y'all see the frost mark. Yeah they look rough right now. They look good when I get down with them. Alright fellas we're gonna take this. We're gonna do some of this for about 30 to 40 minutes. And we'll let y'all see what it looks like. Alright well that's about 35 40 minutes. I've got it. It's clean as I'm gonna get on my plate. I still got a little rest in there. I'm gonna scrub it scrub it scrub it. I think it's been burnt right there real hot or something. I don't know but there's a little bit of it. Turned out pretty good. Now comes the fun part. Gotta keep walking them down. Get a rag. Wipe them down with best blow until the rag gets clean. Then turn on the grill. Cook it. Alright we got them likely coated with best blow. They're gonna run them up about 300 degrees and let them cook. Alright well I turned the heat up on this little bit. Let's see how they look. Looking good. Looks like time to put another coat on there. Alright we're gonna put another like coat all on there. Alright got another coat like coat on there. We're gonna shut them down. Got them cooked. Alright folks, he's playing the cool one. It's on the second round. I did two coats. I think I'm gonna do a third but that's how they look now. Turned out real nice. Alright I think I'm gonna do one more coat and that should do me. I'm gonna get some vegetable off. Little wipe them down. We're gonna burn them one more time. That should work. Right there is my next one. We're gonna do that too. I'm gonna get some vegetable off. Wipe these down and we'll get them started. That should be third time. Should be the charm on them. Alright got them wiped down with another thin coat. Got them wiped down pretty good. Right there is what I'm using. If you wonder why I got them turned upside down like that, that's tasty. The whole runs it won't puzzle up in the bottom. It won't puzzle up in the bottom of the pan there and give you no lumps. But we're gonna fire the grill up and that's the beta final run on them. We're gonna let them cook for about an hour. Maybe a little longer, at about 450. Alright everybody. Third round is done. They cooled off and now remember what I started with. Right here is what we got. That's what we got now. Finish frying it up. That one there got a couple of real spots in it. I don't know if bad cats and I guess. That one there turned out real good. Right, smooth and shiny. That's what we got. Here's my file all of the yards that are playing. Reseason, stripping, reseason. That way it fun. Peace out.