 I'm not a bad cat, I'm just misunderstood. Hey, a cat, Lovin' World. Listen, first things first. Gotta give a shout out. We're two episodes down on the new season of my cat from Hell. Third episode coming up this Saturday on Animal Planet. And the response has been amazing. We're getting all kinds of talk going on on the old interwebs over there. And that includes Twitter. You can find us at ATJax and Galaxy. Facebook is facebook.com forward slash Jax and Galaxy Cat Daddy. And also remember on Twitter, just use the hashtags my cat from Hell or Team Cat Mojo. And you'll find us and I'll be tweeting live on Saturday night during the run of the show. Okay, that being said. I want to talk about what I was tweeting about the other night with someone named Bargavi. Bargavi, if I mangled your name for you of me. And we were talking about her cat Bacon. Great name. Love that. And Bacon, she's trying to toilet train that she's saying Jackson, help me. I'm trying to toilet train Bacon and it's not working. He's leaving, you know, bacon bits all over around the toilet. And I basically wrote back and said, well that's because Bacon didn't want to be toilet trained. And that's something I run into a lot. Cats are not all that into it. They don't want to learn it. They will learn it because you're, you know, training them. But just because you can train them doesn't mean you should. Now, besides this today, I'm going to talk briefly about automated litter boxes and maniacally scooping out your box and disinfecting it within an inch of your life. Those are the things I'm going to touch on real briefly. This is why we call it a politics of litter, you know, kind of digging in to the dirt right now. Now, it's going to quit. Anyway, so Bargavi and everyone who's, who's toilet training. Here's a few things to bear in mind. First thing is, remember what I believe in is the raw cat. I believe in cat Mojo. I believe in like, we share our space with these guys in essence because we love being around them. We love what they represent. A little piece of wild. Why would we try to take that out of them for no good reason? Now, I believe that positive reinforcement training can be used to sort of get them to meet us in the middle sometimes. So for instance, your cooking dinner and or you're making the cat food and you've got like I do a bunch of cats and a dog and meal time can be a little crazy. You can actually train your cat to go to a certain chair in the kitchen and sit there and wait for dinner. Believe it, that can be done fairly easily. And that's the wonder of operand conditioning. You don't go that extra mile and toilet training. I don't think or no more than I would train a cat to ride a unicycle or jump through a flaming hoop. But just don't think it's right and it kind of rubs me the wrong way. Secondly, if you flush away these things, there's two things you're missing. One is that poop and pee for a cat are heavy duty territorial signifiers. It's ways that they go around saying, you know what? I own this. I belong here. Sniff it. That's right. Next, move on, owned, right? That's what they do. And ownership of the territory is of paramount importance to these guys. So if they can't smell themselves anywhere in the house, the prospect of doing inappropriate things and finding ways to smell themselves are going to crop up. So if you're just flushing it away, I think it's going to encourage them to go in different places. Also, if you're constantly removing the litter, you're scooping two to three times a day, you're scrubbing out the box, you're dumping it out every week and disinfecting it. Remember, you're doing that for you, not for them. And they need to smell the stuff that you can't even smell. I don't even, I do not scrub out my little boxes more than every six months because I can't smell it. I scoop my little boxes. I can't smell a thing. I'm pointing because I'm sitting literally this far from a litter box. You can't smell a thing in my house because I scoop. You know, that's all I got to do. You don't have to go crazy on it because what you're doing is removing that symbol of territorial security. And you know, it's no different from scratching on a post or coming up to you and cheek marking or body marking your leg going up to a doorway and marking that with their cheeks or their head. But these are really important things so don't flush that away either. And the last thing is this is about being involved in your cat's life. And if you are walking your dog outside and they pooped and oh, there's a little bit of blood in there, or it's got a film to it or it's just really runny and they just have what we call the poops. We know about that. We kind of don't know about that or you're an air-tracked infections and what goes along with those. If we don't see the evidence of what goes on in our cat's life on a day-to-day basis, very important. So that's where it comes in with these automated litter boxes. Why would we have these litter boxes that we by the way pay a fortune for that have automated arms that come out and clean everything away and scoop it into these kind of nasty collection bins which we know get all gummy and gross or they have flushers and then what you're going to see on this season of my cat from hell or things like that. Again, it just makes it go away and you don't get that involvement in your cat's life. Also, I have seen malfunctions in these litter boxes where the electric eye malfunctions and that arm starts while there's a cat in the box. What happens then? Your cat does what any cat should do, say that this isn't safe and I'm going to go pee right in front of it where I know it is safe and the arm's not going to get me. So you're asking for these things and you should probably assume that having litter boxes is part of being with a cat. It's part of being a cat guardian. I'm asking you to do something here. Embrace the raw cat, embrace the cat mojo. Remember it's about ownership and get away from these human attempts to control all things cat. We can meet them halfway, living with a cat, living with a cat is about the art of embracing compromise and that's all I got to say about that. I am so glad to have talked to you today. I did it in record time which I think people will be happy with because I tend to be kind of a ramble potomest and on that note have a blessed week. I hope you like this week's episode and we'll be talking very soon.