 Hey everybody, it's Trisa here. Thank you for joining me. Well I hope you all enjoyed your chocolate chip cookies last week and I hope you all tried to make them. Today I'm going to be doing pancakes, scotch pancakes and because it's coming up to pancakes, they're still another week or so you know. So I thought I would give pancakes a little. I hope you can join me and I hope you join in and here goes. Right, there's also a bowl. Now to start with, this is sort of all-in-one method. Okay, ever hanging sort of goes into the bowl and get some next top together. Start with your gettin' 300 grams of self-reasoned flour. Okay, put some into the bowl. We have 125 grams of cashew sugar, all in. Sit. I have one teaspoon, ready measure of mixed spice. There, I get my sieve. Let me give it a little stir. Stir right, mix some spice in all of it. Okay, now before I start I have my cooker ring heating. It's warming up and I've already put the fran pan on for a couple of minutes just to warm the base of it up and then I'll have to move over that way. So the whole thing, the next thing we need is three eggs and I have got 250 ml of milk. It's just ordinary milk I use. I use semi-skim milk. So I use, so I want to crack three eggs into my milk. It's quite easy to make pancakes. I love to complicate it in. Two. Is that, now you're going to form? Let's break the eggs up. No, no, we're going to add this milk and make sure it's the taro far. All right. Just put it right. And you just have a little whisk and beat it up a bit. I'm going to take the little side of it. It's not too light. It's got pancakes, you see, a thicker pancake. I don't know, the normal pancakes, you know. I prefer a small piece. We'll sort of make sure like that. It goes like a wee rub in a five-spin. Make some mark. And that's a beef. Really, you're actually supposed to put this mixture into the fridge. You know, for 20 minutes or so, but because I'm just doing this. And I'm going to put it around and not really set up properly. But I'm going to take it over to the ring now. So I put it back in a couple of minutes. All right.