 Hello everyone, this is Stephanie. Welcome to another video. So today we're going to work on this little ring and this ring is a wider version of the buds in bloom ring. So I had many requests for this. So I'm going to head made one for you and I decided while I was at it I'd make a bracelet too. So we're going to work on the ring today and the next video will be the bracelet. So if you want a little ring and bracelet set, there you go. All right, so come on back. We'll get a materials list going and we'll get started. See you in a minute. No backs. Well, it's got a materials going. So you're going to need some three millimeter fire polish beads and that's what I used on this and I these are from the dollar bead box. This is the Navy Nabilis Lester, I think. So you can really make a couple of rings out of one strand. I think you need 25 and I think there are 50 out of strength. So you can do a couple of rings for a buck. You'll need to have 11 O'C beads. You need some 150 seed beads. Some for a three millimeter bicones and you really only need I'm going to need to have here four, but I had to put enough out so you could see them. So you just need four for the ring, but I will put all amounts, colors, where I purchased the beads in the description box below the video. Please check the check that out. Click the down arrow or the show more and it will open up and give you all that information. So don't forget to take a look down there. I will stop bead here. Got a size 11 beading needle and I've got some far-lined black sat and this is eight pound. Towards the end of the video and in the description box below the video, I will put in the amounts that you'll need for the bracelet. The bracelet is pretty much the same stitch with a little change, a couple of changes. But if you want to get, you know, the main part of the bracelet ready for the next, you know, for the bracelet video, then you'll have the amounts down there. Okay? All right. So gather up your materials and we'll get started making this cute little ring. All right. See you in a few. Okay, we're back. So let's start. So thread your needle with about six to seven feet of thread. If you really want to complete the ring in one thread, I think that will probably do it. If not enough, that's comfortable for you to sew. You can always add thread or add the band, but I'm gonna stop bead and leave enough of the tail to sew in. So I put on my needle a three millimeter and 11 oh, a three millimeter and an 11 oh. I'm gonna drop those down. To my stop bead, I'm gonna make a circle by sewing through the first bead after my stop bead. I'm gonna sew through all the beads again. So the 11 oh, the three. I'm gonna go one more time to sew this 11 oh and the next three millimeter. This is what I have. Just like that. Pick up a 11 oh, a three millimeter and an 11 oh. You're coming out of the top here, just sew through the bottom of that bead to put on a unit. Sew through the 11 oh on the top and through this three millimeter. We're just gonna close the unit. So I'm going to pick up an 11 oh, I'm coming out of here. I'm just gonna sew through this one. I'm gonna leave it loose so you can see my thread path. I'm gonna pick up another 11 oh, and sew through this one. So back through the original one we're coming out of. So see my thread path. So when I pull and I kind of push them up and I pull in the direction that I'm sewing, I get this little unit. It's got three beads, three fire polish and three 11 ohs. So I'm gonna hold it like this. My thread is coming out of this bead. I'm just gonna sew through all the beads on this side. One, two, three and this one. Just to tighten it up. So through the 11 oh, through the fire polish, through the 11 oh, through the fire polish. Now I'm going to just move the piece over so I can get through this next 11 oh right here. Okay, so I just want to move my thread there. I'm just gonna sew these three together to tighten them. So there. Look at this one. And back up through this guy. And now I have my unit. I'm not too worried about sewing the other end together, you know, sewing a thread around the other end. I can always use my tail, but we're gonna be going through those beads a lot to put the clasp on and to do some turns in order to get, you know, the ring done. So these will get tightened up. So I'm not really worried about them right now. So here I am. Here's my unit. So just get to that point and then maybe back here and we'll add on a unit. Alright, seen if you. Okay, we're back. So I'm coming in of this 11 oh. So I've picked up a 3 millimeter and 11 oh and a 3 millimeter. Just going to come up through the other side of the other end of the bead I'm coming out of. Just put on a unit and to rotate my piece. Just advance my needle through this next 11 oh. So we're connecting at the 11 ohs. Pick up a 3 millimeter and a little 11 oh. So we're just gonna make a unit, you know, a side of the unit right here. So I'm just gonna sew through this guy. And then through the 11 oh. I'm gonna rotate and advance for the next 11 oh. I'm going to sew through this one. I'm going to pick up on 11 oh. So through this one. Sew through the 11 oh on the side. Sew through the 3 millimeter. I'm gonna rotate and then I'm going to close these beads on the end. So I'm gonna sew through this 11 oh and then just come all the way around. There, there. And there. Now I have my next unit and it's reinforced at the end. So keep doing that. Repeat that these steps until you have five fire polish beads on. So you have five units on. Okay, and then meet me back here and we'll continue. All right, seeing if you. Okay, we're back. So here are my five units and I want you to hold it now so that you have a triangle shape. And the flat part of your triangle is the part that's gonna go against the skin. Okay, so it's just like that. So I'm coming out of this 11 oh here. I mean, it doesn't matter if you know if you'd find you're not coming out of that when it doesn't matter. All you want to do is move your thread around to you come through this bead, a side bead of your triangle. So I say this is gonna establish your ring now. Remember you have that pointy hit the point at the top and the two flat on the bottom. And I'm going ahead and actually I'm going to use a contrasting color just because I thought it might be easier for you to see what I'm doing at this point. So pick up an 11 oh your three millimeter and 11 oh. So you're coming out of the top of this three millimeter just come around like that. So you've added a unit, you know, a right angle weave unit on there. So we're coming out of this three millimeter just sew through that top 11 oh. It's like that and that's going to put on your first unit there. Pick up a three millimeter and 11 oh. So you want to add another unit on. So you'll be using this three millimeter and this three millimeter and this 11 oh. So I'm coming out of the 11 oh just going to sew through this three millimeter like that. See how that puts another unit on but now I have to situate my needle again. So I'm coming out of that blue three. Gonna go through the 11 oh. Everything's at right angles. Up this one. Across this one. Just right angles. And then I have to go back. I have to go up this one to put more beads on. So this again a right angle. This one not crossing any threads. Now I can put more beads on it. Live an oh. Three millimeter. So I have to complete complete this unit here. This 11 oh and this three. So through this one. And up through the three. Right there. And then across the top of through the 11 oh. Going at all right angles. Not going straight through anything. Have another unit on. Gonna keep going. Pick up a three. 11 oh. You want to work with these two beads. So we're going to come down through this three millimeter. The blue one. Put another unit on. But now I have to come across this one. Up through this one. Across some all right angles. And don't worry. You can do this. If you know if you're a little concerned about it, you know, just do it. I mean, if it doesn't come out, you'll just take it out and try it again. But that's how you learn how to do this. And I have to come up this one. That's another right angle. To get into position to put it my last unit. So 11 oh. And a three. Through this one. Up through the three millimeter. The blue one. And now you have the last unit on. Just like that. So see how we've extended it on the side here. All right. So play with that and get that one done. Get that side done. And then maybe back here and we'll do the other side. All right. Seeing a few. Okay. Back. So I am exiting this three millimeter right here. The blue one. Just going to work my way over to the other side. So I can add those beads on those units onto this side. So I'm just going to go through this 11 oh. And then right through this guy. Then I'm going to do the same thing on this side. That I did on the other side. 11 oh. Three millimeter or 11 oh. Coming at a few here. Like that. For the 11 oh. Pick up a three millimeter and an 11 oh. Coming up here. Through this one. Cross through the 11 oh. Up through the three millimeter. Going a little faster now. Cross the 11 oh. So if you notice the way my needle is going, it's all just right angles. And then up through this bead. The 11 oh. And three millimeter. So again I'm using these two to complete the unit. So I'm coming through this one. Up the three. Across the 11 oh. Three millimeter and an 11 oh. And a fear. So I'm making a unit from these two. Just so through this one. Just moving around the unit now. Up the three. Across the 11 oh. And up this three. And I'm going to last doing it. Excuse me. 11 oh. I'm a three millimeter. Using these two beads, this blue and this 11 oh. So through this one. And up this one. And we have both the sides on. And we're going to be ready for the next step. So get that done and then you back here and we'll continue. So we're coming out of that bottom three millimeter, the blue one. I just want to move over to the side and put a seed bead in between each bead. So I'm coming out of this one. I'm just going to go this way. And then so through this guy. And then I'm going to pick up an 11 oh. I'm going to place an 11 oh. Between each fire polish. So through the fire polish. Now we just need to go to the other side. So the best way for you to get there. Let's see. I would go through my units. So go through, come through. This one. I mean, your first thought is just to go straight through. But I'm going to just use my units on the back to move my thread in right angles. Keeps it neat. Like that. I'm just going to pop an 11 oh. I don't work with the back face to me now, but it doesn't really matter. So 11 oh. Between each one. Like that. Now at this point, you can, we're going to put some bycones in the next clip across the top. And then you could just actually leave it like this if you want. But I'm going to sew it together and make this band. But get to this point and then we'll put the bycones on and we'll kind of get it to that more. All right, see you in a minute. Okay, so I'm going to grab my bycones. And I just, I want to move my thread again so that I'm coming out of the top. 3 millimeter. So look for a right angle. I'm going to go through this one. I know it's a pain, but actually it keeps it so neat and so nice that it's really worth being neat about it. Okay, there coming out of that blue one. Just going to come up through this one. And then across the top. And I'm going to add a bycone in between each of the far polish bands. Just like that. All right, so there you have it. There's your. And what I was saying before is if you want to just leave it like this, you certainly can. You don't, I'm going to attach the ends. So what I want, what we're going to do is we're going to pop these up and then attach, you know, and then attach it with 15 hours. And that's how you get this little look here. But you can certainly keep it like this. And just use that as the ring. That's kind of pretty too. So you know, really, whatever you like, I think there are moments in this ring where you can, you know, you can leave it or you can keep going. All right, so get this done and then grab your 15 nose, maybe back here and we'll continue. All right, seeing if you okay, we're back. So let's get, let's sew this together. So those of you who want to continue and end up with this, same as this. All right, so we're coming into that top three millimeter right there. Look at the 15-0. Sew through the bottom. Three millimeter. This is the gold one. Pick up a 15-0. Sew through the by-con on the top. Pick up a 15-0. Sew through the bar polish on the bottom. And you see how that puts a little like three B unit right there? Pick up a 15-0. Sew through the by-con. Pick up a 15-0. Sew through the bar polish. Don't get your red twisted. There we go. Pick up a 15-0. Sew through the by-con. Pull. Pick up a 15-0. Sew through the by-con. Pick up a 15-0. Sew through the last by-con. Pick up a 15-0. Sew through the by-con. Make a square one side on. Pick up a 15-0. We're going to make a turn. Sew through this one. Pick up a 15-0. Sew through the gold one on the bottom. Pick up a 15-0. Sew through this one. And the by-con. So that's just to add everybody on. I got a very skinny little 15-0 there. Pick up a 15-0. Sew through the bottom by-con. Pick up a 15-0. Sew through the by-con. We're just turned around to get to the other side. Pick up a 15-0. Sew through the bottom by-con. I'm going to pull. Get the idea. So continue that just to the end and then maybe back here. And we'll be able to start the band. Okay, so I'm coming down to my last 15-0. So I'm coming out of the by-con. I'm going to put it on like that. So I'm going to add that little 15-0 right here. To add that on. And then I'm going to come through the 15-0. And then this one just kind of works this way. Okay, so that sits everybody on nicely. So now I just want you to get to this point. Okay, make sure everybody's on good. And what we're going to do is we're going to attach the band at this point. So, I'm just going to keep going. So we're coming out of this guy right here. Come through this 11-0. Pick up and grab your 11-0s, which I need to pull out. So we're coming out of this, to have these 4-11-0s in one here. So coming out of this one, put one here. Placing on beads for the band now. We're coming out of this one. I'm just going to come through these four. So here, back around again. It will straighten everybody out. See all of the sudden everybody sort of straightens out a little bit and then comes through these three. Those two should be sort of tilted a little bit. That's how it should look. Pick up 3-11-0s. Come here. Come around the other side. Come back through these three. Back through these three. Straightening everybody out, tightening it up, and back through these three. And that's how your band's going to look. So you see the band is like this. You can really put any band you like on. You could do a right-angle weave band. But I just like the simple band here. Pick up 3-11-0s. So through the 3-11-0s that are on there. So through the 3-11-0s again to reinforce. Like that. And you're just going to do that all the way around until you get to the other side. And what do that? And then once we get there, I'll show you how to connect. So it looks like... It's cool. Alright, seeing if you... So let's attach the other side. So here my band is done. So I'm just going to hold it on my finger. So I'm coming out of the end here. So I'm going to take an 11-0. I'm going to so through this one. Pick up another 11-0. And back through these guys. Take that. So through the 3. I'm going to straighten them out. Back through these 3. Back again. Just until it's nice and straight. Okay? So I'm going to do it one more time. Like that. Just check this side. Okay. So I'm coming out of the 3 there. So now I'm going to straighten this group out. So I'm going to come through this one. And this one. Going up to the top now. This and this. The 2 in the middle are going to stay a bit tilted. But that's the way it should be. Coming out of here, I'm just going to go back through these 3. Pull it nice and tight. And then go down the band. You know, as many times as you need down here to make it fit really nice. Okay, get that done. And then maybe back here and we'll look at our goodies. All right. See if you're back. And here's our ring. Came out great. And I love it with the lighter bicone. So I think the more contrast you have in this ring, the prettier it is. So play with that. And I think I would love to do a bracelet like this. I think that's so pretty. So here's the bracelet. I want to give you a little heads up if you want to get started on the bracelet. Because the stitch is basically the same. I'm just going to change it a little bit. But we are going to change the thread path a bit. So if you just want to get the core beads done, this is just like the first round of the ring. Okay. Then just make it longer. And you want to just make it so that it almost meets around the bottom of your wrist. You want it pretty close. I'm probably putting another unit on. So you want it either just about meeting or almost meeting. Because when you put the bicones on the top, it's going to pull it in a little. If you notice the bracelet curves on its own. So you want to compensate for that little curve that's happening. Alright. So get this part done. If you like, and the bracelet video will be up, you know, ASAP. As soon as possible, probably next week sometime. Alright. So here you go. Here's your ring. I hope you enjoyed this video. And I'll say on the next one. Don't forget to like and subscribe so that you can get notified of whenever I post a video. I would appreciate that. Be great. You can just click on my face. It'll bring you to subscribe button. Or you can subscribe by pressing the subscribe. This little subscribe button down there below the video. Either way, I'll post a couple of pictures of other pieces that go with this. So they'll be direct links to those videos. And again, thank you for watching. And I'll see you next time. Okay. Bye-bye.