 Tonight I am taking these beautiful chunky lamb loin chops and marinating them in some wonderful Greek flavors. And then I'm going to grill them to a rare to medium rare perfection. Come join me in my kitchen and I will show you how to make this delicious meal. I've got a great reduced price on these beautiful lamb chops at our local Sam's Market. They look like mini tea-bone steaks. For the meat marinade I am using Greek flavors of yogurt, lots of garlic, shallots, lemon, some beautiful fresh rose marion time, salt and pepper, some dillion mustard, and of course some oregano. And here I have some candied jalapenos for some sweetness and heat. If you don't have candied jalapenos you can substitute honey and some chopped fresh jalapenos or you can leave the heat out altogether. That is optional. Here I am putting everything in a large bowl and combining well. You can also use a large plastic bag for the marinating. You can find this recipe in the list of ingredients in the description box below. All these flavors work very well together and the yogurt breaks down the fiber and tenderizes the meat. The end result is a very tasty, flavorful and juicy piece of lamb. Tonight I am serving with a tater and parsnip mash and a stewed tomato and corn side dish. If you liked this video remember to give me a thumbs up, subscribe and leave a comment below. You can also come visit me on Facebook, Google Plus, Pinterest and test cooks for you blog. Now I am adding all the lamb chops and giving them a good toss. I want to make sure that all the pieces are coated well. When they are marinating in the refrigerator I will give them a good mix a couple of times. You want to give it time for all those flavors to marinate together and do its thing. So you want to marinate for at least 4-6 hours. I planned to marinate overnight. I am ready to grill the lamb chops and I took a mother refrigerator about 30-40 minutes ago to bring them up to room temperature. I also lightly scraped off the excess marinade. Today I am using peanut oil because it has a high temperature and will nicely caramelize and brown the outside of the chops. You can also use avocado oil. I am using my cast iron grill pan today because it is still a bit cold outside to be grilling. I want my lamb chops to be rare to medium rare. These chops are about an inch thick so they are going to take about 3-4 minutes on each side and additional couple minutes on the bone end. The internal temp should be about 130-135. I have 12 lamb chops so I have a couple pans going. It is smelling wonderful in my kitchen. I tried to be very frugal in my cooking and after we were done with the lamb chops I saved the bones and I cooked them down with some carrots, celery and onions to make a stock. I used that stock as a gravy base for shepherd's pie but instead of using lamb meat I used ground beef and it was a great combination. It tasted just like lamb in shepherd's pie with all the richness. Now I am standing the lamb chops up on the bone end which is the thickest end. I am cooking them for 2 more minutes. This way the thick end finishes cooking without overcooking the thinner end. And finally I am just charring each of the sides for about 15-20 seconds. And they are done. And now on to the rest of the meal. Serving with a potato and parsnip mash, season with some shallots, garlic, salt and pepper, butter and a healthy dab of sour cream. The vegetable dish is some sauteed shallots and garlic with some stewed tomatoes and corn. The lamb has been resting for 5 minutes and I am ready to make a plate. I will top with some crumbled feta cheese. I must say these lamb chops were delicious, tender and juicy, wonderful flavor and I can't wait to try them on the charcoal grill. I hope you give this marinade for lamb loin chops a try. We thought it was delicious and I definitely will be making it again. Even though a pricey piece of meat you can make it go a long way. Until next time, enjoy. Thanks for joining me and we'll see you next time.