 Welcome to episode one of season two. I'm Anna and this is lovely Lady Cakes TV. If you're just now tuning in, this is a show where I do all fun baking items and sweet treats. Today we're going to be making a dessert that is staple in New Orleans. Or I just happen to be watching Princess in the Frog and I'm really excited. But this person requested requests our new part of the show that when I pick your requests, you guys win a fun magnet put on a fridge or do whatever you want with. So feel free to leave me your request. Oh yeah, peace and love. 1519 requested binyes. Did you just say big gay? No, I didn't say bin-gay. I said binyes. Or you might have heard them as binyes, but let's go check out our Google translation just to make sure. Binye. Thanks Google translation. Well, Binye. Really mean in French, fried dough. Or us Americans call it doughnuts. So let's go get making our binye. Alright, to start off our binye. First you need to start with one and one half cup of lukewarm water. This will help activate the yeast. Or to no bowl. And you just add whole packet of yeast. And one half cup of sugar. So next just set this off to the side so the yeast can activate. We want to set it off to the side about 10 minutes. And then give it a bowl and we're going to start cracking two eggs. One cup of evaporated milk. And then add one for teaspoon salt. Then take your wire whisk and mix it up. It helps break up the eggs. Now your yeast should all be dissolved, which means it's activated. And next add the egg mixture and the evaporated milk and salt to it. Alright, next we have seven cups of bread flour. But we only want to add three cups to the egg mixture right now. Like they do at cafe de moong. And then we're going to add one half cup of our shortening. We're just going to add one half cup into the liquid. And just mix it up. Then you just want to add the rest of the four cups of bread flour. Breading's the mixture. So I didn't use my kitchen aid because this batter likes a lot of love. And you need to get your fingers in it. Alright, my dough is thickening up so I'll just take a little more bread flour. And then I'm going to knead it for about five minutes. So you got it's next. We need this to rise. It needs to double in size. And to do that, get you a clean bowl. Some vegetable spray. We're going to spray it down. And then just add your dough right on in. Oh, the dough is risen. So next our dough has risen about double the size. I'm going to break off a piece. And using my flour, my bread flour, sprinkle down on your surface. Roll it out. Roll the dough out. Make sure you flour your rolling pin really well. And then we're going to cut them into nice little squares. Alright, it's time to fry up our bignet. That just means that we need to put some oil in a pot and boil it. I'm using canola oil. You can use sunflower oil. You can use olive oil. You can use crisco. But you just really want this oil to get really hot. And you know what it's ready when you add your dough right on in. And it starts to sizzle like that. Look. And when it starts to come up to the tap, you just want to flip them over and keep flipping them. It'll be nice and brown. If you don't have a spider tool, you can go ahead and use a fork, a spoon, a spatula. Whatever you feel like helps you grab onto these bad things. But this one's nice and dark. So I'm going to pull it out and put on a paper towel to dry. Our bignet. Look a little naked. What we need to do now is add some powdered sugar to them. This is a fun part with all your fangirling, your kittles. So what you want to do is right after it gets out of the batter and it still has a little of the oil left on there. Throw it in a brown bag. Woo! And then just take some powdered sugar. Woo! Throw it in. Close it up. Woo! Then we're going to take them out and let everybody enjoy some homemade bignets. Should we try it? Let's try one. Mmm. Look at the yummy dough in there. It's conferfin. For the soul. Thanks for joining me guys. Mmm. Look at this steam. It's so hot. See you later. Hi guys and welcome to this week's cake talk. Question for you guys. This week is that it's Valentine's Day soon. And I want to know what you guys are doing for your left ones. Are you making them something? Or what are you doing to make it special and unique? And I love you and all that good stuff. My girlfriend once actually put a bunch of Hershey kisses in the front yard of her boyfriend's house. So when he woke up that morning, he saw will you be my Valentine? How cute! Well, I want to hear what you guys are doing so leave me your comments. And don't forget to subscribe. And big thing is you've got to follow me on Twitter so you know what's going on and when the next videos are. And I love you guys and I will talk to you next week. Bye bye.