 It's going on guys, repairs and reviews here. Just finished prepping my new cast iron lodge 12 inch skillet and I left off with saying to clean it and dry it. Well I washed it really well, cleaned it and I put it in my grill. Kind of had a pretty decent heat. Now I just got three of the burners on low and it's just over the burners that are off but it's been in here baking off that moisture. So what I'm going to do now is remove it. I've just got some olive oil here. I'm going to start the seasoning process and this is just how I do it. Everybody does it differently. Just wipe it on in all the way around including your handle and turn this over and do the underside too. I don't have my tripod but I'm going to go ahead and do that and what I'm going to do from there is I'm going to turn this bad boy. Turn these on low and then turn these on high. So it kind of has an indirect heat. I guess they can't light on low. Never tried it. There we go. This grill is still kind of new to me. So I'm going to finish wiping it down and I'm going to put it face down on the low side with the high, the other three burners on high. I'm just going to let that cook in here for five or ten minutes. Alright, it's been cooking on there for about five or ten minutes. We'll go get it off of here. Careful, it's very hot. It might have gone a little more because it's still a little shiny but we're just going to go ahead and wipe it down again inside and out. It's a very fine layer. I'm just going to use the oil on the rag basically to do the bottom and the handle. We'll forget the handles and the actual handle. Let's go around. I'm going to turn the heat up a little bit. I believe it's what I did with my other one but I'm going to put it face down again. I'm going to turn the heat up to about a medium directly under it and I've still got all the other burners on high. So we'll see what that does. Alright, this thing is pretty hot under here. Take it off and see what we've got. Starting to have that nice copperish color. Ooh, yeah, it's just sliding all around. It's like smooth as glass and already. Let's do this handle. This is pretty hot. Turn it around. Do it again. I'm going to do it one or two more times and then I'll show you the finished product. The medium heat seems to go a little faster. I just don't want to overdo it. I wouldn't put this one high but put it face down again. I go face down because of the surface you're trying to season and the surface that really needs the heat I'm guessing is the inside of the pan. So I'll let that go a little longer with that coat. I might do one more and I'll show you the finished product. Alright, I've got it off the grill. I've rolled it and seasoned it one more time and left it to bake. This is what I'm left with. This nice copper kind of color where it has seasoned and absorbed that oil. Very nicely. So here is where I put the cast iron conditioner and this comes out kind of hard. Kind of like a gel even. And once it hits the warm pan, it's still kind of warm. It might not be warm enough to melt it. I'll turn it on here. But once that warms up, it'll get to a liquid back to a oil liquid state. And I'll just condition the pan for storage and the next time I use it with this. And I'll do this each time after I finish using it and I clean it. And this is how I reapply the oil. Let me see how it's getting to be a liquid now. So, I'm just going to lightly apply. And really that small drop is all you need. I'm just going to go around all the edges here. And then I'm back to the underside too. You don't want the pan to hot, which I think it was starting to get too hot. But that's how I condition it after I season it. So, I hope you enjoyed. And again, these are all my opinions and how I choose to do it. And it's worked wonders for my 10 and a quarter pan. So, I'm just doing the same for this one. So, hope you enjoyed. Hope this helps. And spin repairs and reviews. Thanks for watching.