 Hey everyone it's Zoolala and I've been meaning to do this video for I don't know months now but I just never really got around to it. Anyway now I'm finally doing this. I'm gonna show you guys how I get my skirts so fluffy and voluminous. As you can see I'm not really into Lolita fashion anymore and now I'm more into like the punk, the gods, the new wave. I know every time you're on this channel I'd be like oh I'm not into this anymore now I'm into this like last time I think I filmed I was into mori girl and now I'm like no no I don't want that anymore so my wardrobe is like a complete mishmash of all kinds of ridiculousness because I can't choose what I want to wear. I have a problem. So speaking of my wardrobe I just got a package in the mail it's my rolling stone sweater I'm so excited. You guys want to see it I'm gonna open it now. But I'm gonna turn off my camera because my battery dying and yeah I don't want to change it out. Oh I was totally wrong it isn't my sweater at all it's it's my bag which is I'm still excited but I actually didn't think this was gonna come in the mail for like another month. I just thought it was really cool it's like super glittery and shiny though it looks a lot more gold in the picture and here it's definitely bronze but you know I'm alright with that that's cool. Ooh so shiny. Oh it's by bow bow I think that's how you pronounce it. See I think it's bow bow bow yeah whatever. Alright so let's just get right to this so you can see how I achieve maximum balloon monocity, balloon monocity, maximum balloon monocity with my skirts. So here I am awkwardly showing off my cord. Ooh so awkward. Yeah so a little button up ballerro is from Charlotte Rus. The skirt is from Bollyline the socks I don't know the shoes are from Bollyline. So again this skirt is from Bollyline I've had it for about three years so I'm not really sure if he still carry this style or not. This is my most expensive penny code it's from Candy Violet and it was about 50 dollars. I'll put a link in the description. This is just a cheap Bollyline penny code that I used to add a little extra fluff. This is from Forever 21 just in the discount rack. That would be good for some fluff. Now this is where the bread and butter is. This is what I use the hold-up everything. I'll put a link to it in the description bar below. This is what holds everything up gives it the major poof. And then last but certainly not least my bloomers. I used to have a pair of pink and white but I didn't like that style so I got rid of them. So I just tend to wear these black bloomers with everything now. Wow that is a lot of fluff. Yeah that's everything I use under my skirt to give it all that the luminosity. I hope you found that helpful. Remember you don't have to spend tons of money on petty coats in order to give yourself some fluffy fluff. I don't know why the leaders be like errr you need to wear this angelic pretty patty or you are nothing. I mean nobody sees it. It's underwear. No way is really gonna see it. You don't have to go crazy spending on petty coats or bloomers or whatever. Alright so thanks for tuning in. Please subscribe. I put up new videos whenever I feel like it. Also you can check me out on Instagram and yeah so if you guys have any tricks or tips on how to maximize your bloomers. Leave in the comments section below. Love to hear more about it. Okay well see you later. Bye bye.