 Alright, so this is an old plaster garage and some bad water damage here. So they ripped out the bad stuff, they replaced it. If you look, there's a little metal strip that comes around these doors that they butted up to. I'm going to put it in. This got a really heavy sand texture to it. I'm not going to be matching the texture. All I'm going to be doing is taping this smooth, tap-hop and skin this smooth. And then they're just going to paint it and make it smooth. After all, it's just a garage. Now, there's two things that I don't pre-fill. Grudges and closets. I just not necessary. If you have major cracks and major sediment in the closet, nobody sees it once you put your clothes in there. With garages here, we have temperature changes that fluctuate from 20 below zero to 100 degrees with 100 percent humidity. So the temperature and fluctuations in a garage here are extreme. So I don't pre-fill those either. They just expand and contract so much. They're going to pop and crack. But this plaster in this garage is incredible. It's absolutely beautiful. I don't see any cracking. I don't see anything. Well, I think that back. Here's a crack. Here's a slight crack here right now. But this is all plaster. And whoever did this job, what, how many years ago? Sixty, seventy years ago. Man, oh man, they did a great job on this. I really like this. So what I like to do, when I'm doing a patch like this, and I'm not using dirt by it, I've taken all purpose compound or what this mud is. It's a USG first coat. No, USG cover coat. USG first coats are prime repaint. So it's a USG cover coat. And I've taken up some plus three topping like this, big minute plus three. And I mixed them. I've got them mixed probably about 50-50. And I just mixed them together. And... So what I'm going to do with it then, at this point, it's good in mud right now. It feels good. If I put it on the stomp her, you'll see it runs off a little bit. But it still holds. So this is good hand work. And what I'm going to try to do is I'm just going to take and top. That's all I'm going to do with this right now. Let's just tape it and coat it. I'll come back in a couple of days or so to put a skin coat finish it. It's no hurry. I'm not hoping anybody up. It's not like this is a bathroom and a shower or kitchen and they want it back right away. And they don't have access to this area of their garage for the next week or two. No problem. So that's what I'm going to do. I'm just going to tape and pop it. And then I'll come back here when it's all set up. And I'll do a skin coat on it. So we'll get back to you in just a few minutes. So he's got a roll while I just tape and pop this. If we got to throw a lot of footage, so be it. He's got nothing else to do right now. He's getting paid to do it. He can get paid to take some videos. Who knows? Maybe we can have another couple of weeks of videos here. You know what I want to say too. I've been to a lot of comments and I'm still a teachable. I mean, people are making comments and I'm learning stuff on them. And so I think it's really important to not try to be a Mr. Noel and to be able to be teaching it. So I do try to be teaching it. I've been doing this for 40 years. It doesn't mean I've been doing it for 40 years the right way. So it does be better way of doing it. Hey, I'm all for a better way of doing it. An easier software way. I've been doing this software way of doing it. So if you notice, I'm just doing it for a home. I'm going to take this quickly. And then I'll put it on later. Well, I can barely reach this. I need to be a little longer. I've got one or two blocks to the left. I wonder if I should triple it up. I don't know. But whatever I'm taping, whenever I'm taping, I always like to take the butt joint first. And then I take the seams up to the butt joints. Just the way I taught, it was taught. It's just the way I do it. It's right and wrong. It's just the way I do it. So if you're taught to do it differently, it doesn't make any difference. It really doesn't. But I really hate watching people do this. It just drives me crazy when they do stuff like that. Spread them on. Spread it. It's so much faster and easier. I'll tell you, if you're working for me and you're doing this for a little bit of time, you're not going to get a raise. Because I think too long to do that. Wait, we can ask for raises. Yeah, it doesn't mean you're going to get one. Alright, so those are my flats, except for that one of the ceiling. Now I have to do that. This was not going to be easy. First of all, it's a big gap. And it's high. I need to be just a hair dryer. Let me add another bucket to this. I'm going to add one more bucket. Now I should be able to reach it. And not reach. Much easier. It wants to fall down. I have a big gap here. I didn't hang this by the way. The builder's actually hung this. I don't want to look at it. I have a complainant because they're my builders. And they're my builds. Unless you guys would hurry up and subscribe and make my YouTube channel a little bit bigger. Then I don't have to do this anymore. Are you familiar with old car boots? They used to have this guy. His name was... It was a turtle. And he would always see this wizard-delizard. Wizard-delizard. I knew that was going to happen since that gap was so big. But the turtle always wanted to be something else. He wanted to be a fireman. He wanted to do this. He wanted to be that. And so, Wizard-delizard would wave his man to fly and turn him into whatever he wanted to be. And then, the turtle would get in all this trouble. And he didn't want to be that anymore. He wanted to be a turtle again. So he'd start down. Help me with the wizard-help. I don't want to be a dry wolf. I'm sure anymore. The wizard would sit there and say, Where did this old asshole, the little little tomboy? I'm the wizard-delizard-home. So that's my common thing. Help me, Mr. Wizard-help. I don't want to be a dry wolf. I'm going to finish her anymore. But he's getting in. It's no longer just another dry wolf. I'm sure again. All right. I'll keep quiet. Oh, I don't know if you know if you saw him in the middle of your ear. When I taped up this top angle, since I was up on the bucket, I couldn't touch your ground. I guessed. I sit there and I guessed. How much more tape I'm going to need. And then that way, when I'm taping by hand, I can just do this later. Let's see how good I was at guessing. And, uh, that was good. All right. So now I just kind of coat it. And again, too. I'm just going to tape and top this. You see that sticker right there on this knife? If I sprayed that with duck, if I tried to take this off now, even if I soaked it in water, it just does not want to come off. It just comes off in little pieces and stuff. But if I sprayed that with some WD and came back in about five minutes, just straight off. It just comes off right off really easy. So that reminds me of what I was... I had mud all over me, and I was at a gas station, and I'm putting gas in my car, and the swimmers there having gas put in her car was actually a time when they still had filling station attendance, where you could go to the self-serve or the full service island, right? And so then we're right next to each other. She was at a full service island, and I was at the self-serve island, and she sees me, and she sees the mud all over me, and she goes, oh, your wife must really hate half when we get all of that mud off your pants. And I told her, no, no, it comes right off. She goes, ooh, your pants come right off. I was just like, oh man, I sent myself up for that one, maybe. But it does. It just washes right off. I don't care how many times I've had mud on me, it just washes right off. Sorry. But I'm going to go quick coat, spot the screws. I'm probably just going to strip these angles because it is a garage. I'm not going to coat the angles like I'm really excited about house. So this is just going to go quick coat. I don't like my corner though. I do like really nice pick corners there. That's better. I got a spot these screws here. Oh, that one's done. It's set. So I'm going to go ahead and glide. I'll just go ahead and glide. Nobody out there. Shh. Don't tell anybody. Don't tell anybody, I just kept that screw. And if it's sticking away on the seat, there's three of them here. We just can't. Shh. But you see how that holds down? It's because of the mud that's on the tape. That's just kind of sticking down like that. I'm not too concerned about that because this mud, this mud has a lot of caping mud in it. So I'm going to go ahead and glide plus three. I'm going to glide plus three. Caping mud shrinks up a lot. So when I come back here to skim this, that whole center is going to be sucked up into the ceiling and that's exactly what's going to happen. It's going to be sucked right up into the ceiling and then I can skim this out without a problem. What are you doing? Shh. Shh. Somebody asked me why I don't use stainless steel. Why I don't like stainless steel? Um, I'll... My best answer to them, obviously, is when I first started taping, I picked up stainless steel knives. I thought, oh, they're going to throw us. Look at this, they're so shiny. They're going to throw us. They're shiny. I don't like shiny things. And they're so shiny. And I'm using them, and I'm not having a problem. But then I start to wear an edges. And again, sometimes I would push too hard when I flare an edge. And I brought my knife off, and the core of my knife was like this on the stainless steel knife. It didn't bounce back like the blue steel was. That's why I like blue steel. It bounces right back into shape. I have problems. Unless they change the stainless steel, I use the problems with stainless steel just... Just, uh, you see how I'm flarein' this edge? And this is not much. But when you're doing it over and over and over again, I always have a problem with the stainless steel coming back and stainless straight. Keeping me a straight blend. The blade wasn't straight anymore. So, uh, that's why. That's why I don't use stainless steel. Truthfully, I've got a stainless steel six right now that my helper's been using, and it still looks good. I used it a number of times. It's not stainless bent. I probably have it in here. I don't know. But it hasn't bent out. We're, uh, we're doing a TV show right now. That's how many minutes we're gonna handle. We're gonna have a regular television show. Tomorrow, I'm doing a bunch of patches and, um, a bunch of patches and, uh, and, uh, we'll take some video of that too. The tapeers, I hired some tapeers to come through and do the main drywall part, because I'm just a little guy. I'm just mainly my helper here. She could do it with us. And it was 200 plus sheets. 200 plus sheets with, uh, with, uh, major, uh, ceiling lights, all 10 foot ceiling, downstairs, 9 foot ceiling, upstairs, just, meet your stuff. Ah! You must be using monster screws. That was not easy going in. Okay. There you have it. Tape, top, a little bit of topping, a little bit of plus three, mixed in with some cover coat. And, and this is gonna be, this is gonna glue down really well. It's gonna shrink up into the big gaps. And when I come back to skim it, I have one more coat on top of it, and it'll be ready to sand. Whether I sand it or not, probably not. This is all textured anyway, but I'm at least gonna get a skim coat on it. You guys have a great day. Hey, if you really like this video, subscribe, and if you really, really like this video, share it with somebody else. You have a great day.