 Alright, we're talking about all the beautiful spring vegetables that are starting to appear now. And one of my favorites are leeks. Now, it looks like a great, big giant green onion, scallion, slightly different family. And the only problem with leeks is that when they push up through the soil, this pushes up through the soil. And when it does, it catches all kinds of dirt and sand when it comes up. And it gets into all these beautiful layers. And you gotta get rid of that. Now, that is a big clotted dirt. It's on my leeks. We don't want to eat it. So I'm going to show you how to clean them. So the first thing you do is slice off a little, a little re-end. Now, like most onions and green onions, the tops are edible in theory, but they're awfully tough and hard to chew. So take those off. And you'll clean these the same way, but save that for your stock pot. So this is what you eat. You want to use a little white part. And I like to cut it right down through the middle. And if you have a really small leak, you won't have to do this. But check the very center of your leak for this. That's just the part. And it can be a little tough, too, if your leeks are big enough. So just pop that out. Now, all these little layers, this is where the dirt gathers. So you want to make sure you separate them. And then the best way to do this is just in cold water. So you get them all nice and separate. You drop them down in your bowl. Now, these have already been sitting. So I'm not going to disturb this batch. But once you get them in there, kind of agitate the top. And then let them just walk away. Because what's going to happen? Your leeks are actually going to float to the top. And if they're super dirty, you'll want to do this twice. The vegetables float to the top. And you've got all that grit and gunk. You get down to the bottom. You want to hear that. All right. So look for leeks that are nice and tight and have rich, dark leaves up at the top. And a nice creamy white ball with the bottom. I just hinted the very palest green. Make sure you use only the whites in most recipes. And same the greens there for your stock pot, which you've got to clean that too. Cut them in half. Remove the core. If you find one, if it's big enough. And then let them sit in cold water for about five minutes. It's not going to sit. So now I have all this beautiful, bright, mild, and even flavor. It's ready to go. And I'm going to cook it in the back.