 In this video, I'm going to share with you how I steam clean cloth seats and steam clean car upholstery. Now let's get straight into it. What's going on and welcome back to the Wilson Auto Detailing Community. If you're a professional auto detailer who wants to become more successful and profitable in your business or just a car enthusiast who wants to improve your detailing ability, then definitely consider hitting that little red subscribe button in the corner here. So one question that I get pretty much all the time from viewers and subscribers is how to properly steam clean car upholstery. What kind of steamer do I use? What kind of strategies do I use? What products do I use? I'm going to show you guys the exact step-by-step process in this video and I'm going to be using the VX5000 steam cleaner. Also in this video, I'm going to be using McGuire's All Purpose Cleaner diluted 10 to 1 and then just a couple microfiber towels. Now let's go ahead and check out the cloth seat that I'm working on right now. So here is the back part of the cloth seat and I'm actually zoomed into the main part right here that I'd like to focus on because this is actually what I believe is sunscreen. This is sunscreen that has been on here for a long time, it has dried on and it needs to be taken off. This kind of thing is difficult to get off apart from things like a steamer, especially when it's been on this long because it almost seems like it becomes part of the fibers, but I'm going to show you guys how I attack this. Step number one is going to be using McGuire's All Purpose Cleaner diluted 10 to 1. I'm actually going to treat this area in particular first and so I did just use a pretty generous amount on this area right here. I might agitate it with my fingers just a little bit. Now let me grab my steamer and show you the last step. So with the VX5000 it is really my favorite steamer that's on the market. It's an industrial commercial steamer. It's not just for automotive use, but it comes with many different attachments. So this is actually the head of the nozzle end of the steamer. And this is just one attachment that I use that has a triangular shaped brush at the end. All I'm actually going to do is I'm not going to agitate this with a brush at all. I'm just going to wrap my microfiber towel around the steamer just like this and I'm going to scrub while the steam is going on this area. But actually before I start I'm going to go ahead and turn the steamer on. And I'm actually just going to hold the steam on the area that needs to be done because I want the steam to heat up that sunscreen, heat up that area so that when I scrub it it really just comes out no problem. Now I'm going to take my same exact microfiber towel and I'm just going to try to mop up a little bit of the excess here. The microfiber towel is a little bit damp of course because it was just on the head of the steamer, but I want to wipe up the excess. And though it's not dry you can see that that sunscreen is totally gone. Now as it dries I'll be able to see if there's any outline left if I'll have to go over it at all and that's super easy fix. But this is totally finished, totally done and I actually did no scrubbing with any sort of brush whatsoever. Now what from the Maguire's All Purpose Cleaner, straight to the steamer and bam results like this. Now in some cases seats are actually so clean that it doesn't require any product at all. You could use a steamer just to maintenance a vehicle and I'm actually doing some of that here on these seats. But what I'm going to do here is just spray a very light mist of Maguire's All Purpose Cleaner on the entire cloth portion of this seat. Go ahead and hit it really quickly with the steamer and I'll actually call it finished. Watch how easy this is. So check out the cloth portion of this seat. You can see totally uniform appearance, totally clean seat, nothing left over, vacuumed up, pre-vacuumed before I ever started. You can see all the cloth is completely clean, uniform color, uniform appearance, no staining, no scuffing, no nothing like that. And I didn't even scrub it all with a regular brush. Only the Maguire's All Purpose Cleaner and the steamer. So the reason I'm such a fan of doing it this way is because it does a couple things. Number one, it saves me so much time. The steamer in cleaning these cloth seats yields incredible results with such minimal effort. And so if I'm able to get incredible results and I don't necessarily have to scrub as a separate entity, I can actually scrub and steam at the same time, then I'm not only becoming quicker, I'm becoming more profitable and I'm yielding incredible results. Now I want to show you guys one situation that I actually come across very often with cloth seats and that is some staining on the drivers area where people wear shorts or something like that and either sweat or oils or stuff like that get on the seat. And it ends up leaving this kind of like almost faded ring. So let me show you what I'm talking about. So you can see here that there's almost this like lime that goes across the seat where it's darker, it's lighter, it's not a uniform appearance and it's where you sit down on the seat. So this comes from like being sweaty. It's like the salt almost that gets on like your ball cap. The salt from the sweat stays into the seat and almost makes this white appearance this little outline. Now this is actually very, very simple to fix. I'm really going to do it the kind of the same way that I did on the other seat. I'm going to use my McGuire's all purpose cleaner. I'm going to spray the whole bottom of the seat because I'm going to be cleaning it anyway. So I want to clean all of it. And then I'm going to turn on my steamer. I'm going to put a little bit more power. So I'm going to turn both knobs forward. In other words, I'm putting more steam out than I was back there. And then I'm going to scrub. So I was scrubbing this way. And now I want to turn it on again and I want to scrub this way. I want to hit the fibers of the upholstery in every direction that I can. Now I'm going to go ahead and hit the back of the seat and show you guys the finished look. So here is the finished look. And you can see that that little trail that we saw before of that almost like that line, that staining. It's no longer there, not on any bottom part of the seat whatsoever. And then here's the whole look at the seat. We can see that the lights kind of messing me up. But you can see that it's very, very clean. It's all steamed. I even steamed the leather, actually. But the cloth part in particular is completely clean. The staining gone took very little effort, very little time. And I'm getting maximum results. So that's probably enough said why I'm so passionate and pumped about the VX 5000. I think it's probably number one, the best investment I've made in my detailing business in the past seven years. It has been the most versatile, most effective tool that I've ever owned. It's incredible. If you'd like to get the VX 5000, definitely check out the description box below. There'll be a link. It'll take you straight to Amazon. If you use my links, it does give this channel a very small commission, but it helps this channel stay alive so that I can continue to put out daily content just like this that is valuable for you all. So if you want to purchase the VX 5000, definitely use my links in the description box below. Thank you so much for being involved and watching. And of course, if you like this video, make sure to give it a thumbs up. If you have any questions, comments, concerns, definitely hook up all that stuff in the YouTube comments below. I always read those and I'm sure to get back to you guys as fast as I can. And I would love to hear how you guys take care of cloth seats in your detailing world. So definitely let me know in the comments section below. And of course, if you're new here, then definitely consider subscribing because I come out with daily videos just like this on products, tools, strategies, business skills, communication skills, and so much more, all in an effort to help the professional detailers become more successful and profitable in your businesses. And on this channel, I share the exact strategies that allow me to turn my auto detailing business into a full-time income with only part-time hours. So if you're interested in that, definitely consider subscribing. Again, thank you so much for watching. And as always from Luke here at Wilson Auto Detailing, keep working hard and I'll see you guys in the next video.