 Today I'm going to build a couple of tors. They are going to be about 9 foot tall, about 13 feet wide. I'm going to make it all out of one by material and we're going to use steel framing inside to help it stand up. The first thing I've started with is I'm working on the very top beam, the one that has the actual arch. And so in order to figure out the arch, basically what we did is we took all of our measurements and we used this little piece of steel rod with some screws and kind of created the arch that we're happy with. And then I took a pencil and kind of just traced along the edge and now I'm going to use my jigsaw and cut this thing out. I decided to use a circular saw to get a cleaner cut. You can always set up a guide for your saw if you're concerned about cutting straight. After I'm done cutting I use a diff sander to clean out any of the bad edges. Now that I have the top edge cut I use a speed square to find my bottom edge. It's a nice way to make sure that the curves match. Okay so I'm at the center point. I've just cut the first piece and I wanted to give this thing a three inch drape. So that's what we started with and so I just went down three inches at my center and then started from there and then we just kind of worked our way out creating the curve. Now since I've got this first piece all cut I'm actually using it as a template to cut my other three pieces because we're making two of these and there's one for each side. All right so I got the tops and the bottoms of these four pieces all cut up and you can see I put them all together. Screwed them all temporarily together and I was able to get all my leg markings and any of the other measurements and stuff. I just used my square and made it all match along all of them. So now I'll be able to separate them all and should be able to just put them together you know using all those marks so they'll all be the same. So now I got to work on the lower section of this thing. All right so what I've done now is I've taken one of my curved pieces and I set it over a brand new one by ten and I've got my angles all figured out before I cut and this is just something I came up with design-wise so this doesn't have to be a specific way but I wanted to have three quarter inch lip so this is actually where I'm going to cut this piece and then this will be the bottom section but what it is I drew the the line where it's going to be so when I separate it I know where to put it back. I've got my leg marks in place so now I'm going to cut this section off and then this one off and what it should look like when it's all done walk down here is this down here. I'm just using the circular saw still real quick cuts. So I've started to assemble some of the pieces and from this side you can kind of get an idea what the top beam is going to look like. When I frame the inside I made nice sleeves for the legs to slide into so they can bolt together and there's also an opening in the center for the small decorative piece as well. Okay so this is as far as I got today. I've got that top cap just kind of clamped into place. It's to kind of give me an idea how this thing's going to look. Tomorrow I got to go through and clean up some of these edges like trim this down and sand some of the corners and bond to all my staples and screws and stuff but you know I mean it's really crude. I'm doing a super fast job. We only had three days to do these torries and the welding the stands and everything so I'm really trying to hurry and then send it over to genus so she can primer and paint this thing. Alright guys so I've been busy today. I got the other one all finished and then I got the first one I still have to prep everything with some bondo but I did give it a light sand and I think we're going to prime them hopefully tonight. I've also finished one of the lower beams right there. You can see the two openings right there one on the bottom of the upper beam and the top of the lower beam and that's going to be a little tiny piece I haven't made yet but it'll just sleeve right into there. You see inside this lower beam here I've got one side off I'm just about ready to put it on. Before I did that though I drilled a couple holes and put some three eights insert nuts and what that's going to do is once this slides into place inside the legs you're going to put two bolts through the leg and lock this into place. Once I put the cap on this I'm going to do a light sand and then do just a little eighth inch round over around the edges it kind of just speeds up the process. Alright I just finished building and prepping these little center pieces just some one by material and they're about 10 inches long and they are made to go right above these lower beams and they'll just plug right in there like that and then this part will plug into the top one. So I'm going to go give these to Gina. I have started prepping these things I got Bondo all over the staple holes. I'm getting ready to sand and they all look like this right now. I still have to make the legs but I'm hoping to get these all finished and prepped out so that I can send them over to paint and then I'll continue on the legs. I still have to weld everything up and drill holes in the plates but yeah we're flying. It's got to be done tomorrow.