 I know this just looks like fat boy sweating in woods in summertime, but there's more going on here than that. Is that going on? There's also more going on. I'm standing at a little marker here on a property line that we had established. We've got 800 acres on south side and about 600 acres here on the north side that we've got under contract. And so this track on the behind me on the north side is selling and we need to establish a property line through here for the remaining 800 acres. I had a surveyor come in and established this line on paper and he's just left a few minutes ago, but he marked the corners. He marked the corners on the west end and he marked the corner on the east end here. Those corners are set. Only a surveyor can establish corners. He pinned those corners there in the ground forever. I also had him then come follow me around on the full wheeler there and I went up and down different trails on this property. I knew where all the trails are and wherever that property line hit these established trails, a main road and these trails, I had him shoot these spots to find that line where it hit these trails. Here's the actual survey stake right here. And he did this in six or eight different spots, including the food ploddle on the east side. Now he's coming gone. He did that in just a few less than an hour established all these. I call them mid points. It's not exactly the right term because there's six or eight of them and they're not equidistant from corner to corner to corner. They're just in different intervals across this line wherever the line hits a road. So he's did this in less than an hour. I'm coming back now and I'm putting these tea posts wherever these survey stakes are. I'm standing on the on the these side of the trail. If you could see there's a tea post just like this right there on the west side of the trail that I put in the ground put flagging on it. And these steel tea post will be here till Jesus comes there. They're permanent. These wooden stakes are going to get knocked over. Bears are going to come rub on these in this part of the country. These wooden stakes are going to be gone. So but these metal tea posts are here. There's six or eight of them like I said across here. This is rugged, rugged ground. This bottom land hardwood track. People are not going to be roaming across these property lines and getting off of their property on somebody else. They're basically going to be using these trails with four wheelers and and rangers that sort of thing. And they're going to easily see when they're coming to the property line because they're going to be flagged the tea posts on both sides. What a person can then do if they like wherever these tea posts are in their scavenger and they're scattered out here. Like I say, there's counting the corners and all of these markers along the way. There are eight or ten of these established points. They could come over about 4,000 feet. They could come through here with a like I'm using a compass or higher forester and can simply just flag from point to point along here. And wouldn't have to go very far from point to point and put down posts or paint trees to establish a complete permanent boundary line. That's not really necessary but if somebody wanted to do that and everybody's got a different preference for that sort of thing, it's doable. To have the survey or however blaze this line from the east side to the west side over 4,000 feet through this country would have been 15, 20,000 dollars just for blazing this line. Just pulling the number out of my ear but I'm going to be close if I'm not way under. It's expensive and there's no reason to do that unless a person is building a fence or they're going to have structures right along this line somewhere to know precisely where the property line is out in the middle of that slew within a foot just doesn't make much sense. But to have a general idea of where the property line is because you flagged it in yourself and you have a general idea of where to put deer stands, where to put duck blinds, that sort of thing. It's so much more economical it just makes good sense. So don't shy away from having survey work done to establish corners and to then get you know a few midpoints putting that line somewhere then you come in and do the work. A little bit of work on your part save you thousands of dollars on the survey side. If it's a rule remote recreational property like this, a rough down property line like this with the corners well marked and the trails well marked is all you really need. It'll save you a bunch of money. It'll keep you neighbors happy, keep you happy, keep people off of your land and keep you from wandering on somebody else's and it just works out really well that way. I put in several of these already. I think I've got one more main road to do and one more food plot. So another 30 minutes I'll have this project done and we'll have a great boundary line separating 800 acres and 600 acres and when I show this 800 acres I'll be able to get on these trails and ride people through these this beautiful bottom land hardwood track. And when we hit this flagging right here, hit these tea posts on any of these trails, the buyer will have an instant absolutely be able to recognize here's the property line. The sinks in their head, they understand that the track is well marked. It just all sort of fits together and makes sense as opposed to saying, well the line is somewhere out there, somewhere I can point to something and give them a frame of reference and it burns it in their minds and they have a good understanding and people appreciate that. So if I don't get snake bit or a melt out here in this humidity, I'll get this done and move on.