 There's an invasive algae called Didymau and it's just south of our border down in Arkansas nasty stuff. If it ever gets in our trout streams, it could really be a problem. Right now there's no way to get rid of it and it could devastate our trout streams here Missouri because our water quality is just what it likes so it would go wild. Well Missouri decided to be a little proactive and protect ourselves against this problem and since felt souls seem to be the primary vector for transfer and Didymau from one stream to another, we decided to prohibit the use of poor soul waiters in our trout streams here in Missouri and that's just in the trout streams, not in the warm water streams. And by wording the regulation to say poorer souls, we're actually allowing you to take your old felt souls or your new felt souls that we just happened to have purchased them and make them non-porous so they would be legal to use in our trout streams. And here's how you do it. I'm just using some contact cement. It's kind of a liquid, thick liquid and applying it on with a brush and it's going to soak in, it's going to soak in and the first couple of coats you're going to think oh my gosh this isn't doing anything. But after you get about four or five coats on there, it's going to have permeated this felt entirely and actually coated the top as well and make your soul basically non-porous. Now you are sacrificing the traction that you had with your felt soul. So what we can do to help kind of bring back some of that traction is a product called Plastic Dip and I'm sure there's other products like it that you can dip your plier handles in and give them a rubber grip and the grip on those is a non-slip grip. When you apply that on, you have more traction on your boot. This is one where I've already put on five coats of the contact cement and then applied a couple of coats of the plastic dip to give better traction. But it's going to take at least four or five coats of contact cement first to make the soul non-porous. Now a couple things that you need to know. One is this stuff wears off. Both of them do. So you're going to have to be diligent. You're going to have to make sure that you take the time after every fishing trip to check your soul to make sure that it's not wearing because the start's getting fuzzy again, then it has a capability of transferring an invasive species like algae dimo into your stream. So or maybe get a ticket. So you want to make sure that you take the time to check your souls and retreat when necessary. It's going to take at least four or five coats. You're going to need to wait about 30 minutes between each coat. And it's got to be thoroughly, completely cured and dried before you put on the plastic dip or it will never cure because that seals the outside. So give it about 36 hours after you put on your last coat and then add your plastic dip. Remember to treat your felts? Or better yet, invest in a pair of those brand new alternative soul waiters. Hey, they're great. I've got a pair. I love them. And you know they've got a good traction. And you know what, for what you'll spend on this and your time and your labor and retreating, you could have probably paid for a pair of brand new alternative soul waiters. Well, good luck with your fishing and hope to see you on a stream some time.