 And now we are going, so sorry. Now we are going to sew the armhole. So now we just need to get our iron. You can also use starch. I don't usually use starch, but you can also use starch to hold down your seams when you are ironing them. That way they stay flat when you run them through the sewing machine. But I usually don't. So what you do, I'm going to do a camera. Get a couple pins. And you are going to fold it. And you are going to run the iron along while you are folding it. You don't need to be folded in that much. Just like that. And then we are going to fold it again. We are going to fold it one more time. And I feel that if you tug at the curve where you are turning it, it helps it stay flat and it doesn't bunch up. So after you have that, I usually put my pins. So hold them down. And then you do the same thing to all the other arm sleeves. Okay, as soon as you are done, ironing down all your sleeve holes, all your armholes, and you are pinning them, we are going to run them through the sewing machine. So when you sew it, you are going to make sure to sew it close to this edge right here. Not over here on this edge, but close to this edge right here. Okay, as soon as you have sewn your edges like this one, every sleeve, we are going to iron them down. So they stay nice and flat. Like that. Like this one, how it is curling right here and it kind of curls right there. I am just going to iron it down. And now we are going to fold down up here. So of course you are going to get your pins again. And we are going to fold it down just a tad, just a little bit. Just like that. And now we are going to fold it down about an inch. And press it with the iron. And then you get your pins. And just pin them down so that when you run it through the sewing machine, it stays in place basically. Just pin them all down. Just like that. And then we will go run the sewing machine. We are going to sew it right down here as close to the edge as you can. Right down here. Okay, as soon as you are done sewing both of your pieces, and both of the pieces sewn on the armhole. And right here on the neckline, you are going to iron it down. Press it down with the iron. And now we are going to add the bottom part. Now I am going to do the French seam. So that way you don't need to do special seams or anything. So basically what you do when you do the French seam is that you are going to put both the wrong sides touching each other. Well this one is just plain brown, but like this one you are going to put the pretty side base down. And you are going to put this one here on top. And we are going to sew along down here. Just press it down with the iron. And then of course you add your pins. And we are going to sew down here close to the edge. Okay, now as soon as you have sewn right along here, you do sewing machine. Of course you get your iron again and you press down. You do that to both your pieces. And now what we are going to do is take your piece and lay it like this. And we are going to iron this part of the stick in up here. We are going to iron it flat. So iron it down. And you are going to fold it this way. And you are going to iron this down as well. And now we are going to stitch along here using our sewing machine. But make sure you do not make sure you stitch so that all this part of here is inside the stitch. So when you open it up, it is going to look like that. But you want to get as close as you can without letting all this mess stick out. So go ahead and put your pins in here and then rush through the sewing machine and do the same thing to the other piece as well. Okay, as soon as you made your stitch, you can see that. Now what we are going to do is we are going to open it up. Of course you can pull or cut these little strings out. So we will be a little afraid of pieces sticking out. When you open it up now, you do not see the ugly edge sticking out right there. It is all inside here. And also when you look on the inside of the dress, it is going to look nice and professional as well. There is no ugly seam and ugly edges sticking out. So iron this part down so that it stays nice and flat. Okay, as soon as you are done sewing both of your pieces, you are going to get both your pieces. And you are going to have one with the pretty side facing down. And you are going to lay the other one right directly on top of it with the pretty side facing up and you want to line up. All your edges. And make sure that this brown edge and this brown edge are lined up. Make sure it is lined up here and lined up here. Okay, we are going to press it down with the iron. We are going to add our pins and we are going to sew along here. Same thing, the French seam to this side. So go ahead and put your pins in and then go run it through the sewing machine. Close to the edge, not all the way on the edge but close to the edge. Okay, after you are finished stitching along the edge here, you are going to press it with the iron. Then we are going to open it up this way like this. And we are going to iron this edge here flat, just like we did when we put the brown piece to the green piece. So just iron this piece down. Then you are going to fold it over. And you are going to iron this flat. And then you are going to run a stitch along here, just like how you did to this piece with this. So you are going to run it along here so it holds all the edge of the fabric inside. So go ahead and do that. Okay, as soon as you are finished with your stitch, running it through the sewing machine, press it down with the iron. And now we are going to sew this bottom edge here. Just simply folding it up, ironing along. You are going to fold it up once. Fold it up once, iron it down, and then fold it again, and iron it down. Okay, as soon as you have it all, fold it down and pin it into place. You are going to run it through the sewing machine and sew it close to this edge right here as you can. Okay, and as soon as you have stitched along the bottom, you press it down with your iron. And now we are going to sew together the other side. So bring two sides together with the pretty side facing outward and the other side facing inward. You just line them up, and you press it down with your iron. And I noticed it is a little bit uneven right here. I can just cut that extra piece of sticking out off. So you can put them together. And you go ahead and sew close to the edge. Now of course you are going to press it down with the iron. And we are going to flip it. Oh no, first, I am sorry, completely forgot about this step. First we are going to iron this flat down. So go ahead and iron it down. And then we are going to flip it inside out. And we are going to iron this with your down also. And then we are going to sew along here. Okay, now we are finished with the main body. Press it down with your iron again. And you just turn it. Flip it again. So this is just the basic main part of the pillow case dress. What I am going to do now is I am going to add a sunflower to it. So I will show you how you can add a little something to it. Before I add my ribbon up here. Let me show you that.