 Look everyone, I'm Colleen and I am not a vegan. And apparently I don't care about this channel anymore because nobody watches or films, tasting videos anymore, I don't think, but I just want to eat ice cream. My sister just went vegan and I think that is awesome. I'm so proud of her and she's doing so well. And so when she came to visit me in Canada, we ate at vegan restaurants, we ate vegan food, and it was really fun, and so I thought I would eat some vegan ice cream for you guys today. First up, let's do something simple. We have creamy coffee. Now I will say that these vegan ones are really light. Like I bought a few different brands and this brand is really light like an airy. So I was surprised like when I picked it up at the grocery store, I thought maybe someone had to eat some out of it. Like that's how light it is. So this is the coffee and it looks like vanilla. It does not look like coffee to me. Typically, coffee ice cream is like a chocolatey ice cream. There it is. That's so good. Oh my god. That's like ice cream. What? This can't be vegan. This is vegan. Cream. Oh look, a cream in it. Skin milk powder. Okay, no wonder it tastes so good. It's totally not vegan. My honey, this is delicious. Okay, this one might be vegan. It says it has organic coconut milk. Wait, is coconut milk as vegan? Water, honey, key lime juice, organic vanilla extract. Now some people would say since it has honey in it, it is not vegan because honey comes from bees, and we should not be eating honey because the bees are going extinct. So I think technically this one's not vegan, but it is more vegan than the one I just ate that was really delicious and I'm totally going to eat the entire cart number tonight. This is key lime. I've never had a key lime ice cream before and I actually hate key lime pie. It's like my least favorite dessert. So I'm feeling I'm not going to like this. It's very chalky. It looks like I'm literally sticking my spoon into chalk. That is poison. It actually tastes like a horrible mixed drink you would make in high school and think that it was delicious because you couldn't taste the alcohol because there's so much sugar in it. This one is coconut bliss ingredients. Let's see coconut milk, coconut water, agave, coconut cream, organic dried coconut, just a lot of coconut. So I think this one is vegan. Again, it's very chalky. It's kind of good. There's chunks of coconut in it. Obviously my favorite so far is the coffee, but it's not vegan so it doesn't count. We have dairy-free zesty lemon. Again, I did not know dairy-free does not mean vegan. So ingredients in this one are water, sugar, lemon juice, and that's pretty much it. There's like things I can't pronounce, but they don't look like animal products. Oh, this is really hard to open. Oh my god. This is impossible to open. Oh my god, I really can't open this. Oh, I'm stressed. This one's vegan. Just taste like frozen lemonade. Razberry lime. This one is for sure vegan. All right, here we go. Nice beautiful pink. I have to clutch my pearls. That's delicious. That is super, super delicious. That's really good. Oh my god. That's really good. Wow. Pretty good. I love this one. All right, this one is the kicker for me. This is dark chocolate caramel sea salt. Now, I don't know that this is vegan. The first ingredient is milk. Where kind of honey? Get some chocolate vegan ice cream. See? This is why I can't become a freaking vegan. Oh my god. Imagine if an actual vegan person went in thinking this was vegan ice cream, went to town, bought a bunch, like I did, and then oh my god, it looks so good. Oh, oh my god, that's incredible. They say vegan honey, but this is delicious dark chocolate caramel sea salt. Wow, what a fail. I bought so much ice cream and none of it was vegan. This one is vegan. This one is for sure vegan. And it was in the vegan section. I didn't think I would need to go and look at the labels and look at every single ingredient. You would think of something as a vegan section of store. It would be vegan. So I feel like that grocery store is going to get in trouble producing for doing that. My hey, I'm at this is delicious. What I thought was going to be a vegan taste testing video. Turn into a huge vegan taste testing fail video, but I probably won't get very many views on some. Cheers. I love you. I'm going to eat the rest of this ice cream and have a wonderful night alone.