 Hi there. Today I'm going to show you how to make the best ever virgin Caesar. Not that I've anything against alcohol, but frankly, this is far more satisfying and tasty. First, guest star is a glass with 3-quarters of ice. Then, the next star is clomato extra spicy. If you don't like spice, you might want to go to the clomato regular, but frankly the works doesn't work for me. So, I recommend tomato extra spicy. You want to make sure you get all of the good stuff off the bottom. You fill this fairly full, not right to the top because we're going to put a few special ingredients in here. So, after clomato, then we take actually the rimmer. Again, mat and steves. The first was clomato juice. This product is mat and steves. I've tried several others, but this is my favorite. Mat and steves rimmer. I don't like using the rimmer on the glass as many do because I feel it's a waste. And this spice is so amazing. I take just a little bit, maybe a teaspoon, tablespoon, and put it right in the drink. And we're going to mix that in a moment. Next you take, and this is one of the secret ingredients. Pickle juice from mat and steves beans. Hot and spicy beans. They're amazing. So, first you need to stir around the pickle juice because it's got all kinds of really yummy ingredients into the pickle juice. And I put three spoons of the pickle juice right into the virgin seaser. Notice I haven't put any alcohol, but you can if you so choose. But it's not quite five o'clock, so I'm not going to bother. The next is Frank's Red Hot. I'm sure you've all heard of that. Again, you add this as much as your taste buds will allow. I like mine extra spicy. So I tend to put about 10 ish dabs in there. Then I'm going to go to my Tabasco sauce, which is an important feature of a virgin extra spicy seaser. And again, I'll put a fair amount of Tabasco sauce in there. Now, another, some people like it with just pickle juice, I happen to like it with horse radish doesn't matter the brand as well as the pickle juice. And I'll put about, I don't know, tablespoon of that in there also. So now we're got almost a meal in there. After the horse radish, we then want to squeeze a slice of lemon. And I've washed this so I very often just stick it right in there so we get the flavor. And now we want to stick a slice of lime, squeeze a lime in there. And again, I've washed this and I do like the flavor of the lime. So I'm just going to stick that nicely in there as well. Then to top it off because we all like our decadent little toppers for our seasors, I tend to like the bean from Matt and Steve's. And I just skew that with a skewer. And then most decadent, I can't keep them in the fridge because everybody else eats them is the bean olive. So it's got the bean inside the olive. Again, Matt and Steve's brand. So I just stick that in there. Now funnily enough, the secret ingredient for a virgin seaser is just to water that down. So I'm just going to put a little bit of water in here. Just a dab. And it tends to get in it out a little bit. We stir this baby around. And voila, you have the best virgin seaser. It won't give you a seaser at promise that you've ever had. Drink up.