 Hello viewers and welcome back to my channel. Today I want to show you how simple and easy it is to do a K&N recharge. In other words clean and recharge your K&N air filter. Now these are off of jeeps but it don't matter if you're on a Kia, Toyota, a GMC, a Buick, a Ford, whatever brand the cleaning and recharge is going to be the same. These are supposed to be cleaned about every 50,000 miles unless you're in extremely dusty dirty conditions which I'd recommend about every 25,000. Now since we have two jeeps I've got one I cleaned earlier today that's dry and ready to oil so I can show you the process. It's really simple. Here's about 20,000 miles. I know I said 50 but this is what it looks like after being cleaned and there it is. It doesn't look bad because that red is the oil and if you look up into the sun can you see the light through that. That's what the dirty filter. That's a clean filter. Now if you're saying well the filter don't really look dirty and it's not it would go another 30,000 but until you look at this side. See how dirty that is? It's still you can see through it and it works fine but look at what it's catching. This is the dirty side of the filter and this is the clean side or the side that's facing up toward the sky. Anyway you know there's several reasons for using this and no I'm not being paid by K&N or anything else. I paid for everything here. 45 bucks to lifetime filter. Recharging kit which is the cleaner in the oil that'll pretty much last your lifetime too. I think those are 10 or 11 bucks. You can often find cells and discounts on these. So for 45, 55, 56 bucks I've got a lifetime supply right here. So if you're into the environment and stuff well over the course of say 120,000 mile lifetime of a vehicle. I know some go more than that but that's an average. You'd go through 8, 9, 10 maybe even more if you're in dusty conditions. Of the throw away paper ones and you know I'm middle of the road when you don't want a cheap one but I'm middle of the road paper filter and this one's about 14 bucks. So as you can see by the time you've replaced oh what four filters normally you would have already paid for this and you don't have 10 or 12 paper cartridges going to the landfill. You can also clean it yourself obviously reusable. It's simple to do and I'm going to take the old one and I'm going to come over here and I'm going to show you that you just want to this is their cleaner. You just want to do this real real real good. Get it good and soak down. Good and saturate not dripping wet but good and saturated. And then you're going to flip it over and give it a good hit on this side too. And now what you're going to do if your finger don't wear out is when you're done with this besides having a cramped finger you're going to let it sit for 10 minutes and do its thing but you must let it sit out of the sun. Just sit it in the shade somewhere because you do not want this cleaner to dry in this filter. That's why you want to get it good and wet. Now we're just going to set it down and let it sit for about 10 minutes and then we'll be back with you. All right viewers it's been about 10 minutes. So what you're going to do now is you're going to take and you're going to low pressure water and you're going to go from the clean side which obviously you can see that's the dirty side that's where the bugs and the leaves and stuff are trapped. You would not want to wash through here first because that stuff couldn't get out. You want to go from the clean side. You know if it's real real dirty your filter is I mean excessively dirty. After seven or eight minutes you can spray it again and clean it in 15 minutes but 99% of people spray it 10 minutes and just give it some low pressure wash. I've already seen it coming a lot cleaner. Let's give it a good washing and after you wash it real good and then this is made of a cotton and a wire mesh stuff. You can already see the difference. This is the dirty side you had all that debris in it. There's a few specks in there but that's nothing I can't get out. So anyway you're just going to rinse it off this side now real quick. And that's how you rinse it. Okay as you can see it is clean. Look at that and there's the dirty side that had tons of stuff in it. There's still a little thing in there but it'll come off. Now how does you want to do it? Just get it a few times and get the excess of water off. Then you want to take this and set it somewhere in the sun or somewhere warm and just let it dry naturally. Do not use a blow dryer or close dryer or nothing else. Just let it dry. Depending on your temperature if you set it outside middle of the day a couple hours it'll be dry like this one is. Okay but you do not reinstall this. One tip is whenever you buy one take the old paper filter out of your air box. I'm not going to show the install because there's 500 different cars. All the all the cleaning is the same. The size of the filter may be different. This is just about cleaning and recharging or oiling it. So basically what you're going to do is just shake all that water off and you're going to set it somewhere. Set it on the porch in the sun or if it's too cold out, set it inside. And you know if it's warm you can have it out in the sun dry in two hours if not. Just throw it in the house somewhere for a couple of days. And the tip is take your old paper filter. Once you've bought this and keep it. Throw it in the drawer unless it's grossly dirty in which case buy the cheapest disposable filter you can have just for the exchange process. So if you need to let this set and dry for a day or two put your paper filter you say is back in your air box and in 24 hours or two days or on the weekend this will be dry and you can exchange it back. Now here is the oil and this is simple. You want to get a good coverage and let it set for about five minutes in seep and and then if you see any white spots are very light pink spots give it another quick second coat but this is all you do. You see any coverage you missed? Go back the other way real quick. That's it. Let it set there for about five minutes or so and absorb that in and as long as you don't see any white spots anywhere if you do give them a quick tap but that's all you do to recharge it. That'll soak in for the next five minutes you can wipe off the ram to get rid of that. Set it back in and you're good to go. Again this one was already dried you need to wait till that's dry. It's that simple guys. You get more horsepower although that's not important to me it's only a couple. Your engine breeze better with these. All right guys and go that's all I got for you today. Thank you for watching share and subscribe if you would.