 Hello Carl here with Sustainability Theory News over modernframer.com. They have an article five of the most valuable crops you can grow in the US and how to grow them. Picture here is saffron, it's really a desert crop. It grows naturally in climates with mild winners. They talk about the California coast. University of Vermont is trying to grow it under poly-high tunnels. You might be able to grow it under low tunnels as well. But the fact is it does sell for about $5-$10,000 a pound. You can get four five pounds an acre. But if you want to get a hikers worth of poly-high tunnels or low tunnels, that's a lot of money. That's a lot of infrastructure. It's going to take a lot of saffron to pay it back. Plus harvesting it is no easy feat. These little yellow and red, these are the pistols. Here I think the red ones, yeah of course the red ones are the pistols. So you gotta grab them and harvest them by hand. Takes a lot of time. Next up is, well they got ginseng. Wild harvested ginseng is certainly the best. You can grow it under shade cloth in rows and fields because it is a shade tree. But wild simulated creates a root structure that is, well it fetches a higher price at market, especially in the Asian markets where it's popular among Chinese medicine. It's actually illegal to wild harvest this in my own state of Michigan and several other states have restrictions as well. In fact the way the Michigan law is written, wild simulated ginseng is illegal to harvest. You almost have to have it in a dedicated row in the middle of the forest. But a lot of the research I've read shows that when you have it in a dedicated row, it actually makes the shape of the root less desirable. Lavender, it's basically just sold as a bouquet of flowers, ornamental flowers. It can be sold as a scent and what not you can extract the oils. It is also good at repelling pests and insects. So if you want to do some integrated pest management and a permaculture operation, you have some lavender around the perimeter. It certainly couldn't hurt goji berries. Pretty adaptable. The most climates and most soil conditions. It's sort of a understory tree, they call it a head high shrub. It can start producing berries after the second year and you can produce it with little bear root clippings and cuttings. In fact it's considered invasive in some states. So you want to get the varieties that are not considered invasive. Bamboo, not edible, but it does have a couple of uses. They talk about selling it as an ornamental plant for a couple hundred bucks in a clump. In fact, you can, a lot of people are trying to get rid of this in their yards because it grows just prodigiously, just spreads everywhere. In Asia they have some varieties that can grow real thick, about six inches to a foot thick. And you can use both that variety and this variety pictured as building materials. They can hold a lot of weight. So these are some of the more valuable crops you can have. I would also add for trees, the emperous tree. It's valuable lumber. It's also a nitrogen fixer and it's pretty drought tolerant. Walnuts as well, very valuable tree for the wood. It also has some good nuts, but you can grow very few plants underneath it. I think it's alopathic. It produces chemicals that mix it very hard for seeds to germinate. So you're going to want to plant everything by transplant. I believe pop-paws grow great with walnuts, which are a good understory tree that grow fruit. Alright, well again, I will link to this article in the description. If you'd like to see more news headlines like this, subscribe to my channel. Have a great day!