 I'm trying to knock a little bang on this tea. Right. Now remember I said that the hazelnut are widely imported to everything. And it's important to control the hazelnut. Now, Bradley, you can try to put the brylon for five minutes, ten minutes, and as you can see, we haven't got the brylon. So go ahead and try to put it on here. And we're not really using it as any different but we want to show people that we all have the same kind of problems. Okay. And as you see, this horse has a pretty good diversion after here. All these kind of rules look just up. And he gets what? He gets the reward that he wants. Okay. All right. So what we're going to do is going to show you how I put the brylon with the rope falter. Okay. And then how to take the rope falter off once the brylon's done. Okay. So we're going to flip. She has this rope falter on her computer to get it. But it's a little bit thicker than the mine. I like mine because they're a little bit thinner. And we can do a little bit more with them like get it off after we've got the brylon. Now, first we're going to do is just not know where we're going to get this head down. Now this is not going to be a magic thing. You know where he's going to hold his head down the whole time. When we go and put the brylon, he's going to put his hand down. We're going to have to struggle with it. But I'm going to show you how to do something called that chain. That chain. And what it is is we're going to start with the finished product, meaning we're going to finish the new verb, or movement, meaning that the brylon's going to be in the mouth and we're going to slip it out for this, and hopefully get him over his headway high. Now we're going to put this in a couple of steps. Let's do this thing. We're going to put these braids so we don't need the braids. Now, I'm going to just present the hauler to him and slip it out underneath like this and take it off. Slip it out and take it off. Slip it out. Take it off. And keep it out until I can get his head down. Slip it out. Take it off. Slip it out. Bring his head down. See, you keep the hauler on and you have a little bit of one control. Now, once I can do that, we're going to the next step, which we're going to put my arm up over here. Then I take the whole little hauler and ask him to bring his head down. This is where the little bucket comes. Because he's probably wearing a brace against the steady pull. Then I'm going to take the drop of it down and just put it in the mouth. I'm going to hold on to him. And just pay attention. So we get it in. Now what we're going to do is bring his head back down. Then we're going to drop the back out a little bit and then we're going to put it back in again. Then we're going to drop it out a little bit and put it back in again. And every time I drop the back out, it's like I'm putting it in a new one. So he can accept this in and out. The bell is breaking this up high. But in a regular training situation, like if this little horse was in for training, we keep asking him to throw his head in a position where it takes it easy for us to put the handle in the hole for him. So right now I'm asking for the head down and he's kind of resisting. But we're going to see if we get something. And actually I think right there he's trying to bite me. Trying to get that bridle in the hole, the shank in his mouth. Should've let him slip it out and slip it in. Slip it out, slip it in. Here they have it out. So we're going to ask for it to come back down. Slip it out, slip it in, slip it out. If that shank underneath there. And sometimes these sources is very difficult to do something this stuff. I'm going to go ahead and put it as ear forward. Then the ear ear forward. Now this is what I would call a quick fix. This is not necessarily a fix. It's just a quick fix. Okay, now we're going to slip this on the handle of the wings. But if you hit a rope, it pops up. Okay. You give this horse treats? Yes. See I can tell you this is good. It's treats because he's all over my hands. Looking for something. And see, remember the treat thing that I... On our sheep. Don't give your horse treats unless you know what we've ordered. Or behave your... your worry. Okay, so you're going to take this off. So you have to do it. You can do it with your sickle-leaf rope. But it's not as easy. So you're going to undo it. Slip the nose, please down. Pull it into the mouth. Come behind the bit. Under its chin, under the throat. Under the chin strap. And then it's out. Okay. So you always have to control your horse when you're doing this. And then you're going to do this. And then you're going to do this. And then you're going to do this. And then you're going to do this. And then you're going to do this. And then you're going to do this. And then you're going to do this. And then you're going to do this. And then you're going to do this. And then you're going to do this. And then you're going to do this.