 Hi, I'm Morgan from Great Pignata and today I'm going to be showing you how to clean and sanitize your wooden toys. I'm going to be demonstrating with our plan toys cone sorting rocket and this process will work for any of the wooden toys in your home. This is a process we use at Great Pignata with the hundreds of toys that are coming in and out of our warehouse every month. So first you're going to need two clean dry facial haws. You might want more but you shall work fine. Then you're going to use some diluted white vinegar so it's good at bowl of that. You'll also want to dilute some safe dish soap. So we actually use green shield baby, green shield organic baby liquid dish soap. So it's free of all phosphates, parabens and fragrances. So it's safe for your child to be in contact with. Of course at the end we will be wiping off any of that residue. So again dilute the dish soap and then you'll also want a multi-purpose cleaner. We use green shield organic baby multi-purpose cleaner. It's pretty awesome because it is specifically four things like toys. And then at the end you'll want somewhere where you can air dry your toy. This step can be omitted if your toy is not extra grimy. Like if there's no visible germs. You don't particularly need to do this step but this is what we do in our process. So we'll go ahead and squirt a little bit of this into the bowl of water. And then I'm just going to use one of these clean claws to stir up the mixture. And then you're going to go ahead and just wipe down each of the pieces. So the next step is to with the cleaned toy pieces just bring them back over to your working station. And you're going to use the diluted vinegar to get rid of, to help sanitize these pieces but also to help get rid of all those invisible germs that you can't possibly see. Already sanitize these toys and they've been clean with dish soap and vinegar. But then we're just going to lay them out on one of those facial claws again. Just give yourself a little little surface to work with. And then we use the green shield organic multi-purpose cleaner as I said. And I just go ahead and spray a little bit onto each piece and let it sit for about 30 seconds. You want to make sure that you go ahead and wipe off all that residue with a clean wet rag. We use the one of the facial claws again. So you're just going to wipe off the direct exposure to the cleanser and then go ahead and put each piece on your drying rack again. Thanks so much for joining us and to learn more about Brain Pignata, good or website at www.brainpignata.co.uk