 Alright folks we've got Adam getting ready to cut into this. He already cut off one filet just checking the sharpness of that knife. We're going for the other side here on this beautiful triple tail. Adam show us what you do. Alright basic just like any fish you're gonna start go down the back right here, make a little incision here, cut through the ribs. I'm gonna work away over top of the ribs. So I don't have to worry about cutting them out then I'll skin her out for you. There's a special spot right there. Yeah it's just you can get right in between the fin and that right there and it just seems like it goes right in a lot easier and smoother. There's kind of work it on. You can fill the back bones and stuff like that in there. Just work it down. He is having a sharp knife look. Scaled are really really tough. Yeah Adam sharp in that knife just before he cut into this fish and you see what it's doing. I put my thumb across it very gently to see what he did and it is sharp. And you see they're like their skulls right here. You want to come in right behind that and then it's just cut right through there pretty easy. Find the ribs and just stay on top of them. You know always come in from the top part here even on this helps you go right down along the back bones. Just brush it right off. No bones about it and clean. You're not losing any meal on that fish. Absolutely beautiful. Look at these two filets guys. They did. Run it down on the skin. I just gotta make sure your knife is sharp up for the task. Check it out. Skinless, boneless, giant, thick meaty, beautiful, triple tail, it's a Tlopia. You're gonna have a little triple tailed filet guys. Right through here. Yeah you're gonna trim some bones. You just trimmed them out right there and you know there's no bones on that one. You're not missing mounts. What are you seeing? You have a great job at them. Pretty work my friend. Pretty work. Thank you. You're gonna let me bring a couple of these home? Yes sir. You're gonna have all you want. Oh also you guys hear that? You know what that might mean right? I think I'm gonna be able to get a pretty good meaty piece of meat for a black and for sandwich out of these guys. You read a newspaper through that. I can see the writing on your moustache shirt through it almost brother. All right folks well there you have it. There's some triple tailed filets for you. So we're gonna be getting those on ice. I'm gonna be totalling them home with being a Maryland. And you guys know what might be coming next so stay tuned. I am home in Maryland. I think I brought the warm weather with me. I am in my backyard standing in about 70 degree weather. Don't ask me where it came from. It's super breezy. Fortunately I'm covered here a little bit but it's a real windy day. So I'd probably be out fishing if it wasn't so darn windy. But you guys see what I've gotten in front of me? I've got a grill. I've got a cast iron skillet and just like I said in that last clip. I was gonna be home in Maryland with some of these triple tailed filets and I sure am. So as have many of you requested it's time for that black and fish sandwich. Homestyle. I'm not out on the boat but I'm here at home and I've got a little bit more equipment to play with. It's really easy. I'm gonna put you through the process and show you exactly how this goes down. It's gonna be pretty quick and it's gonna be pretty easy. So hang tight. Here we go. All right check this out. Look how easy this is guys. I've got my butter. I've got my choice which is a Vidalia sweet onion. A tomato. I've got my perfect pinch Cajun seasoning. And I've got a little bit of olive oil. That's gonna help me grill up this. This Vidalia sweet onion which I'm gonna slice up here in a second. And of course in ice cold milk and a ziplock I took one of those filets and I soaked it in milk just to draw out some of the fishiness if there were whatever was in. If you want to understand these filets are real clean. There's not gonna be much fish in this too. But it's gonna add a little moisture to the fish and it help firm up the fish in the fridge as I had it soaking in the ice cold milk. So that's what I've got going on here. Up top on the pelican. I've got the pelican out lowly in your U. I really miss you buddy. So on top of here I got some utensils like I got another cutting board. I've got my Kaiser bun and I've got some more condiments. I'm gonna throw down and put together for you guys on this sandwich. So let's get started. I'm gonna go ahead and cut up this Vidalia onion and get that on the grill. All right my grill is getting super hot. It's time to get a big nice chunk of Vidalia onion going. So nothing super thick nothing super thin. But a big round Vidalia onion like this is a great option to throw down on a black and fish sandwich. So let's get that outside layer off. That's all I'm putting on there. It's one sandwich for just me guys. That's all I'm doing. So I'm gonna go ahead and get this on. I'm gonna go ahead and put a little bit of olive oil on the Vidalia onion and just throw it out here on the grill. It's gonna be really easy. Get yourself a paper towel. I'm gonna stew this by hand guys. Watch how easy. Just a little coating on there. Flip her over. Just one coating of olive oil. That's all it needs. That's gonna go straight on the grill. All right she's already sizzling. All right so that's gonna be the longest process in this whole ordeal. So we're gonna go ahead and get that grilled up. Get it nice and soft. Get it real sweet and we're gonna get going on the fish. Okay I got the bag of fish. There's the triple tail fillet soaking in the milk. On a new cutting board I've got to head and set down a paper towel. And so I'm gonna have that paper towel there to soak up some of this milk that's in this bag. Look at this filet guys. Seriously look how absolutely beautiful that triple tail fillet is. Adam did an incredible job. I trimmed it up just a hair more. Let's put that down there. And this baby is ready to go. So I've got this paper towel onto absorb some of that milk. I'm gonna grab just one more paper towel. And I'm gonna dampen it off just a hair. All right I'm not gonna be using this whole filet guys. This is a huge filet and it's just me right now. So filet knife. All right so I got the filet knife. I'm gonna go ahead just cut that right down the middle. And I think the perfect size, the perfect piece of meat for this is probably the thickest side. So I'm gonna go ahead and take this thick side and that's gonna be my, that's gonna be my sandwich right there guys. Look at that. So that's just an absolutely beautiful, beautiful triple tail filet. I'm gonna go ahead and get this rest of this filet put back. All right so it's as simple as this guys. All I'm gonna do is give this a light, dusting, a perfect pinch. Now depending on the thickness of your filet, you may want to put less. You may want to put more. This is a pretty thick filet. So I'm not gonna go, I'm not gonna go too easy on it. I'm gonna get a good layer of seasoning on there. Because the more meat that's in the middle, the more you're gonna need some seasoning to help get the flavor of that cage and going. There it is. That's it guys. Look how easy that is. That's it. So it's seasoned. That's ready to go. So the next step is obviously gonna be, uh, of course checking that onion. See if I gotta flip that. But at this point, I'm good to go on a seasoned piece of triple tail ready to go on a cast iron skillet. So the next step coming up, let's take a look at this grilled onion and see how we're doing. There is those charred marks I'm looking for. Beautiful. All right, that onion is smelling amazing. All right, stay tuned guys. All right, so the next basic step in cooking this black and fish sandwich is this cast iron skillet. This cast iron skillet is sitting on my burner or my grill here. So I've got this burner blazing hot. You can see the smoke already coming off of it. It's all actually low setting, but depending on how hot it's gonna get, you may want to turn it up or turn it down. But at this point, all we're gonna do is add some butter to the pan and get that fish frying up hang tight. There it is guys. Got some basic butter, so we're gonna get one basic little petabutter. That's all I'm gonna need. I'm gonna bring that over the cast iron skillet. This blazing hot. And there she goes. That's getting, it's pretty hot. So it's gonna, the butter will burn because it's got a real, low smoking point. So as soon as that gets on there and you see a little brownness, turn it down as low as it'll go. I'm gonna go back over here and grab this beautiful full-lay ready to go and check it out guys. Here it comes. She's already blacking it up. All right, so we're gonna go that in a minute. Maybe anywhere from two to four minutes, per side with that thickness is what I'm guessing. But what's really cool about having a grill out here, guys, is that if you have a really hot, hot grill ready to roll, you've got a real thick piece of fish, you black in one side for about two minutes, black in the other side for about two minutes. You can take the whole cast iron skillet, put it in a hot grill and let the center cook the rest of the way through. It's a real thin filet. It's good to go. You go two minutes on each side. That filet is cooked ready to grill. It's pretty thick filet. I'm gonna see how it goes. If I feel like it's blackened enough to my liking on each side, I'm gonna go ahead and take it out, stick the whole cast iron skillet in this hot grill, and we're gonna be good to cook it the rest of the way through. Keep it really moist, keep it real flaky, and keep it real tender in the center without over-cooking it. Okay, so here we go. We're cooking. Okay, now I'm gonna go ahead and grab back the same cutting board that I used to cut my onion on. I'm gonna grab my tomato. So I'm gonna get out my tomato. Get a nice clean knife right here, and I'm gonna go ahead and slice my tomato and slice, and have that ready to go. Just being prepared, guys. Just being prepared for when that sandwich is done. Couple slices ought to do it. So we're good to go there. So there's gonna be the two tomatoes that I put on my sandwich. Yes, I am gonna put pickles on my sandwich. So pickles is another condiment that I love on top of my black and fish sandwich. So there's another option we're gonna take care of. I can't tell you how many you guys made mention of the fact that I was putting cheese on my black and fish sandwich. Guys, think of it, filet of fish sandwich, and even more important, I want you to think of this. You all heard of Bass Pro Shops. The Island Marotta Fish Company. Their fish seafood restaurant they have. Their signature dish is a blackened or grilled grouper, or mahi mahi sandwich, whatever it may be. Go look at the ingredients. You'll see they've got cheese on their fish sandwich, and it's incredible. So here I've got a party. A creamy, delicious, a party cheese. So yes, I am putting cheese on my black and fish sandwich guys. So this has been grilling now for a couple of seconds. I would say maybe about two minutes. Just take a quick peek underneath. Guys, wait you see this. This is absolutely beautiful. There's a blackened fish sandwich on one side so far. And man, it smells unbelievable. So we're gonna get that going on where I have a feeling that I'm gonna go ahead and cook that for another two minutes on this opposite side. And I'm gonna stick this entire cast iron skillet in the grill. And that's gonna help me cook the rest of the fish, the rest of the way through. I could have butterflied this filet meter a little bit thinner. It would have been done in like two seconds, two minutes on each side that fish would have been done. This is a nice thick meaty piece of filet. So I'm gonna enjoy a nice hearty blackened for sandwich with that thickness. All right, looks like we've got a grilled onion that is soft and grilled and good to go. And it's halfway fallen through my grill. So we're gonna take that off. That's pretty much good to go. In fact, actually, you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna take these onions, and we'll sit them on the top grill right there. That's gonna set up top. That's just gonna keep them nice and warm. I looks like I lost a little bit of it, but that's okay. I've got plenty to go in my sandwich up top. So that's what's gonna go on there. If I don't keep dropping, you guys stay up there and stay warm. All right, so my onions are just staying warm now. Next step, guys. One of the most important parts of the sandwich. I got my kai's, we're done. All right, I got a super soft, delicious kai's or bun. That's gonna be the perfect, perfect bun. Like I said, potato rolls are great too, but kai's or buns a little bit bigger. A little soft here. Really, really, really great bun for a black and fish sandwich. All right, so I got a nice bread knife here. I'm gonna give that a nice, even cut. So soft, you're gonna be careful not to push too hard. That's why it's important to have a serrated bread knife. I'm gonna get through that kai's or. There it is. And you know where that's going. That's going on the grill. I'm gonna get that warmed and soft on the grill. I've got my grilled onions. I've got my kai's or bun ready to go. And I got that black and fish sandwich. Pretty much ready to roll. And I'm gonna go ahead and get that put right in this grill and let that cook a little bit more through. All right, folks. I hate the feeling. Yep, look how beautiful. And that great. So it goes up on the top. That's my nice toasted kai's or bun. I got my grilled onions. And the black and fish sandwich is coming with me onto the grill. And it's taking this real hot, guys. You gotta get either your oven-med or whatever it may be. Look at that butter sills and up on there. I'm gonna stick this in the grill just for maybe about three to four minutes. And it's gonna make sure we cook that the rest of the way through. We got a perfect blackened top and bottom. Turn off that burner. And we're gonna be good to go in a couple of minutes for a perfectly cooked filet of triple tail. Again, I know some of you guys are gonna have your ways of thinking about each and their own. I'm telling you guys, if you haven't tried it, don't knock it. Here comes that super ultra creamy have-arty cheese going right on top with my blackened fish sandwich. You know what? It's a pretty thick filet. I've got a double up one. You guys think this is crazy. It goes number two. All right, so I've got the plate prepared, fellas. Here it goes. We've got my toasted kai's or buns, my grilled onions. It's time to load up with some tomato. It's time to reach for some pickles. We'll tell on your right now guys, this thing is off the charts. Check out the side right here. Old Bay Season Potato Chips. Am I from Maryland or what? Absolutely awesome, awesome potato chips to go with the blackened fish sandwich. So there's a little side of old Bay Seasoned Per's Potato Chips. And guess what time it is guys? It's time to break out the fish. That cheese is melting. Here we go. Time to load it up. You guys know what's next. If any of you have seen that video with Michael from One Rod, One Real Fish and a Nah, you know I broke out the special sauce. He was a fan of the original. I'm a fan of the Honey Roasted Barbecue. So there's my Chick-fil-A sauce, guys. It Chipotle blended something or any kind of sauce that you like is really great on a blackened fish sandwich. You can mix a mayo with some hot sauce. You can do anything you want, but you don't know what to overdo it. You want to enjoy the flavor of the fish. You want to enjoy the flavor of the blackened seasoning and everything that goes with it. So just a little drizzle of Honey Roasted Barbecue from Chick-fil-A and check this thing out. See if I could do this without flipping it. There we go. I lost a couple pickles, but that's all good. Guys, let me get the knife. Let me split this thing open and show you what a triple tail blackened fish sandwich looks like. Havardi cheese, look at the perfectly moist white meat tomatoes, grilled onions, pickles, little Honey Roasted Barbecue. Guys, that doesn't look mouth-watering. I don't know what it is. I'm gonna put all the ingredients and some basic descriptions of how to put this together in the description below. You guys just take a look. Guys, as always, I appreciate you joining me. As always, I appreciate you subscribing. And until we meet again, over and out.