 Today in this part of our My Home series, we're facing and fixing another notoriously nasty laundry dilemma. The call for today is one of everybody's favorite condiments. Here's a hint. There's nothing mellow about a great big glob of yellow. Check it out. Let's face it, any day of the week, any time of the year, whether you're at a cookout or maybe you're a barbecue at home with the family, we all love hot dogs and hamburgers, right? Well, I know someone who does Katherine Hartman. She's our staying fighting expert. Good morning. You like a good hot dog? Oh, yeah, all the time. All right, but picture this. You're sitting there. They just give you that fabulous hot dog. They put ketchup and mustard. Yeah, take a bite. And what happens? Bam. Shazam. There's a big glob of mustard right there on that silk. All the time. Oh my gosh. I gotta tell you, that's happened to me and it happened to someone else who's here with us this morning. She's got that same stain problem. She needs your help. Let's go help her. Let's go find her. Okay, remember the person I was selling you about? Yeah. Here she is. This is Carrie. Hi, Carrie. She's a mom. She's got two kids, her husband and her love to spend time by the pool during the summer. Absolutely, but every summer we have to be having hamburgers and hot dogs and that just means that my husband is going to get mustard all over his clothes. Notice that was his shirt, not the children's shirt. The kids are pretty clean. It's the husband. And you know what? I don't know how to treat it and I know that if I put bleach on it, it'll fade the colors. And that's when I'm afraid of that. So, I eat help. That's a tough one. Yeah, mustard is one of the toughest ones. It's right up there with the paint and the nail polish. And the reason it's so hard to get out sometimes is because it has those natural dyes and spices that latch on the fabric really well. Alright, so what's the best thing that she can do to get that stain out? Well, we're going to pre-treat with my magical potion. Okay. So you can go ahead and apply directly onto the stain. What do I do? One little? Yeah, just cover the stain. Okay. Make sure you rub it in. Okay. Yeah. And then you can let it sit for a little bit, but don't let it dry. And then you can just go ahead and throw it in the washer. That's it? Oh, with some detergent. And you can go ahead and add another cap pull of that. And just like that, that mustard stain is going to come out. Just like that. The natural enzymes will work to break down the mustard stain. And then the surfactants will lift and pull the stain off the fabric. Alright. I'm really curious about this one. Close that up and start it up. Alright, Carrie, that mustard stain was really bad. So let's see if it really worked. I can't even find it. The stain's completely gone. That's amazing. Wow. I think I can honestly say that me and mustard are no longer worst enemies. What? I'm glad I can help out with that. I think Biz and her are best friends now. Yeah. Thank you so much for sharing your story. I'm so glad we could help you out. Thank you. And as always, Catherine, thank you so much for helping her out and being the expert you are. Oh sure, no problem. And of course, if you want to get those stains out, pick up some of the magical solution, Biz, right, your local store, and also save some cash and get that money saving coupon online at bizstainfighter.com. And also stay tuned. We are going to solve another dirty laundry dilemma and that's coming up soon. So watch for it.