 This is got the Fixit Guy. Today we're going to be fixing a Kenmore washer that will not spin and will not drain. Most likely this is caused by a bad lid switch. To fix it all we need is a Phillips head screwdriver and also a zip tie or cable tie. Zip tie or cable tie probably costs about 2 cents, maybe 5 cents. You can get them at any hardware store, you can get them at Target or Walmart. Almost all stores have them and it's a really easy quick fix. The reason we know we have a Litz switch problem, we come over here to the dial and first of all we were looking side and we noticed that the cycle didn't finish. It's full of water, didn't drain, didn't spin. So we go over here to spin, click it to the spin, pull it out and nothing happens. No result, we try it on. Other parts of the dial for spin and same thing, no spin response. It usually means that this thing over here the Litz switch is no longer working. That usually happens because somehow the lid fell really fast and this pin went down so fast that it hit the Litz switch and it ended up breaking. It's super easy to fix though, only takes a few minutes. Another way to confirm that this is the problem is when we set it for spin we pull it out and we don't hear anything. It's almost like the machine's unplugged. We want to verify that it's not unplugged. Come over here and we see that it is still plugged in. We know we have power, the other way we know we have power is we come over to other parts of the cycle like agitation. That's working. We know that machines functioning but we come over to spin, we get nothing. That's just due to the Litz switch being affected. Next thing we're going to learn is how to fix that. First thing for safety we want to make sure we unplug the machine. Take care of that. Come over here, plug out and it's always just a good idea just to be safe. It's plugged in now when it comes out. For safety we're going to unplug the machine. There we go. Then we come over here. All we're going to do is use our Phillips head screwdriver to remove these two screws. Then we can get to our Litz switch very easily. It's only just assembly we need to do. Let me go and remove these screws. We'll be right back. We're taking out this last screw. The next thing, again we've got to make sure it's unplugged. We're going to have a chest getting shocked. I'm pushing down on the basket a little bit. It's movable to create more space right in here because this is where the switch is going to come out. Grab the Litz switch and just pull it out a little bit where I have room to work on it. It has a wire connected to it but we get it out about this far. This is so I can wrap a cable tie or zip tie around it to hold the case together. The reason it's not working is the case has split. The glue has failed. I just want to reattach these two halves and make them pressed together tight using the zip tie. Here I am grabbing the Litz switch out. I've got my cable tie. I'm just going to put that down inside here. I've got to make sure that this paddle can still move. I'm going to push this down in here. Come around and I'll connect the zip tie. Just put it in there and then just pull it tight and we got it. I'm going to put that in there. I'm going to put that in there. This one's a little longer than I need but that's okay. I just got to make sure that I cinch it tight until I hold the two halves together. This extra you can either cut it off or you can just stuff it back in. Now I'll put this Litz switch back in. I'll push it underneath. This extra adds it away. Push it back into position and then I'll add those screws back in. Grab the screws. Put those back in. Two of those. Then we can give it a test and see if that's cured the problem. We are just tightening up these last two screws and there we go. Let's close it and see if that's helped. That closed. I plugged it back in so we got power. Come over here to the dial. Make sure we have it on the spin section. Pull it out and see if it's going to work. Yeah, I can hear a draining. That's great. If I lift it up, yeah, it's spinning. So we got it. That was actually a pretty quick and easy cure just using this zip tie. Thanks so much for watching. Bye-bye. Thanks so much for watching and please subscribe to our channel when you get a chance. Thanks again. Bye-bye.