 I'm Justin Frandon, your chef's disorder nair. Today we're making hard timers hoot. We need jolly ranches, a cool laid packet, bread, and we've got our sock that's going to be used as a filter. In this orange we're going to want to steal from the lunchroom because this orange is too big for my pocket, too big for my sock. Your crotch is the best place. Most people won't look there and if they do look there you get a little bonus out of it. We will be making the hooch in this lovely two liter bottle. This can be obtained with the vending machine outside of most cell blocks. When you make a hooch you want a lot of sugar. So I'd say a solid handful of jolly ranches is going to help out. We're going to say that's about enough jolly ranches for now. So now what we do is we have to put in our cool laid packs. It doesn't really matter which flavor you use because anything is going to taste better than what hooch tastes like. Now this is also a good trick for saying you're under 21 and you're not allowed to drink. This is how you could supply booze. One of the most important ingredients to jail house hooch, a bread. See this is where we're going to get our yeast. This is what's going to actually make some of the booze part of it. I'd say jelly about a whole roll is pretty standard. We're almost prepared to add water to our hooch. But now don't forget about our orange. We don't actually want to use the orange itself. We want to just use the peel. Make sure you remove the sticker. Stickers don't ferment. All right. Now that we have our mixture prepared and ready in the two liter, all we need to do is head off to our shower to add some water to it. I'm just getting back from the showers of adding my water. We're going to place our hooch somewhere in our jail cell that most people wouldn't find it because that asshole guard will come crawl up your ass looking for stuff. Now also don't forget to burp your hooch. Just slowly open it. Don't have to open it all the way. Just slowly open it and you'll hear a little hissing sound. Because if you do not burp it, it's going to get too much in. It's going to explode everywhere. So all right, we're going to do that. I'm going to put this and let this stay away for the next 9 to 11 days, seeing a few days. So now what we're going to do is we have to filter out our hooch because there's bad yeast in it. We're going to drink it straight out of the bottle. It's been burped, it's been worked, and now it's time to filter. So we take our commentary cup. You want to take your sock and you want to fold it over the top of the cup like so. Now that we got our sock nice and stretched, now use it as a filter. We want to pour carefully because we don't want to lose any of our hooch because all we lose is that's all we can drink. So we want to save as much of it as possible. We take the sock out, ring it out because we don't want to waste any of our hooch. Our hard time is hooch. If it's someone's birthday on the block, the perfect time for hard time is hooch. Bon appetit. That was good.