 Hey guys, Slayer from the Ornthos, May 12th and I'm going to do my first update here. And from the front there, that's my Cracky IDWC with air and my compost tea hydroponic syrup on the very end there. Look at the growth. Hopefully you gal, last couple of weeks these things have finally really cooked off here so I'm coming for a closer look. Here's the Cracky one and it's looking really good. And if you're looking, it's actually growing just a little bit higher than the rest, but I don't know if that means too much right now, but not experience any problems with the leaves. I'm going to take a look at the roots here. Roots look really good. Nice and white. I don't know if you see the water but it looks almost stagnant there. And I've debated over and over, should I just let it right out. And sorry about that, that was one of my kids. I debated whether to let this right out and let the water drop down a little bit more. Basically, I'm just going to let it right out for another week or so. I'm keeping close eye on it. And if the plants are showing any problems, I'm going to change out the water. But so far, I mean, these roots, they look perfect. It's really, really good. Water doesn't look so good. And the only thing I do is about, probably once a week, I just take a stick and I steer the nutrients around a little bit. Other than that, no air and it's looking really good. Alright, this is my normal DWC with air. And at these three, I figured this one would have really took off compared to the rest of them. Let's take a look at the roots here. And the same thing, I had really slow growth the first two weeks and then last two weeks I really started to take off. But water looks good, nice good bubbles. And I really thought this would help the plant grow. That's good. I mean, look at those roots. A little bit browning there. I was getting ready to change the water. Alright, here's my compost tea one. And it's looking really good. Really good. And it's not any problem. It leaves it really good. And let's take a look at the roots here. You got a little bit brown there. You see that? So far so good. And no smell. At these three systems, this one's been, I've had to top this off a lot more often. The other two, I haven't popped off at all. I've got some reason this compost tea is really going through the water. I'm not exactly sure why. And I have a little aquarium pH testing. It only goes down to 6.0. But the pH here is running at 7.5. I'm not. That's definitely not what you're shooting for. But I'm getting good growth. There's not really much I can do with that. I don't really want to add any pH down. I kind of want to see how this thing will turn out. But no smell. I don't know if you smell at all. And this year, I've been using for the compost tea. I just got some rabbit turrets here. And this is really composted down steer maneuver. And I actually put it in this week before I'm going to do a water change. I'll put this bowl that's out in the sun until they get nice and dry. I think that's helped keep down the smell. Last year I was using worm castings. And if I didn't change the water every week, I had one heck of a bad smell. I let these run for two weeks, no smell. And it seems to be doing the trick here. So we'll see what happens in the next few weeks here. All right. About a month ago, I made a little video on the, I started these three tomatoes and seed starter all at the same time. And then I started one and rock bowl. And we're going to take a closer look. I mean, this thing is huge compared to these other three. And look at that thing. This is the lead's determinant. They're all the same tomato. And the only thing I come up with, I'm not saying it's necessarily better to start off with hydroponics. But I think when I transplanted the other three buckets, I remember when I was brinsing the soil off the roots, I think that might have put in the shock for a little bit. Because the first two weeks with the other three, it was really slow, gross, very slow. So I think they overcame the shock. I mean, that just might think, I don't know. Look at that. I already got my first tomato. So one of the list is I learned is if I'm going to do hydroponics, I'm going to go ahead and start them in rock bowl. And that seems to get a little bit of results there. Now, look at the thing. I struggle year to year to grow tomatoes. And for me, this is the easiest way to go. All right, I'm going to show you how I do a motor change. So hang in there. Last year when I did my water change, I actually had to lift the lid up, slide the old bucket out, slide the new bucket in. It was pretty much a two person job. And I was watching a video. I think it's outdoor hydroponics. And he had a little video on his tonics pump. So hey, that's a pretty good idea. So all right. So I've got one. I think it's right around 25 bucks, not covered with the shipping. So I'm going to show you how good this thing works out. All right, this is what, this is why I went with the six inch net pot here. So I could slide this over a little bit, just like that. Put it in my pondex pump. Sorry guys, trying this one hand. All right, Henry, I got my son help me here. All right, in the bucket bud. There we go. And this makes a lot of change. Real nice and easy. So you got more than a couple buckets. That's how to recommend getting one of these. One of the two AA batteries. And it works pretty good. It's really happy with it. Makes the lower change a lot easier. And it keeps like the place. The place is the same thing. Keep it down there. There you go. All right, this is the normal DWC air. It's a regular nutrient. When I was doing my water change, I actually noticed that the roots were a little bit more browner than I thought. Last time, I added three scoops into the water. So maybe it's a little bit too hot. And maybe I might have to do a little bit more water change on this one. So this time around, I'm going to do one scoop of a maxi grow, and one scoop of the maxi plume. Here we go. So I'm just using a 10 by 14. The maxi grow, then the maxi plume, a 5, 10, 14. So I'm not too sure what happened there. I'm going to take a little bit closer to look at the cracky. But there's exact same nutrient levels. And I don't see any browning here on the cracky. The cracky roots look really healthy. And instead of having a longer, one really long taproot looking thing, these are all kind of almost equal length. So that was kind of interesting there. Let's get back to what I'm swinging guys all over. Sorry guys. One thing I forgot to mention was when I first transplanted this into that DWC, the 5-Gallon bucket, I had some of this tiger bloom from Fox Farms left over. And I used it last year on my strawberry. And I didn't notice anything. No differences. I didn't really notice much of the difference for using this stuff. So I wanted to try out. So when I first transplanted this, sorry, I'm not having a brain part there. I went straight to this tiger bloom. And this tomato seemed to really like it. And all it is is 2, 8, 4. I'm just using it as normal strength. But I thought it was a little bit interesting that tomato did extremely well, but just going straight to the bloom. I used almost no growth other than at first you got it going. All right, I just refilled my compost tea. And I refilled this bucket with water from my aquarium. And I've had this sock here soaking for about 15 minutes. And the final thing I do is I just squeeze it really hard, trying to do as much as I can in there. It's only by a handful for the compost to wrap it in a steer manure. All right, and there we go. And one thing I've noticed after about three days, these bubbles actually go away. And I also want to bring up another point is I do not add any molasses or corn syrup to this. My concern was I didn't want that syrup sugary on the roots. I thought that might be problem. But I don't have it. I'm going to take a closer look at here at the top. All right, here's the DWC. Notice it's nice and green. And this one's a little bit lighter. And this is what my concern was. Last year I grew a cherry tomato from this compost tea set up. And I had some issues with yellowing of the leaves. And I had a viewer give me a tip, said try bat guano. I hope I'm saying that right. But basically what I'm thinking is if I start seeing a lot of yellowing of the leaves, I might start adding some of the bat droppings there. All right guys, sorry about the air pump noise, but I didn't want to turn it off. Thanks for watching. You have any comments or helpful suggestions just drop down below. And I'll do an update in a month. And hopefully we'll have some tomatoes grown. All right guys, take care.