 Hi, this is Sandra. I'm here again with a recipe that she's right like. This recipe is in the bread caragory and this recipe is called hot water cornbread. That's what we use in the South hot water cornbread. That's a quick and easy fried bread that makes you feel like, hey, this bread is so delicious and crunchy. So what we're going to do is get some cornmeal. You need yellow cornmeal. Not self-rising, yellow cornmeal. I always get modern white or yellow cornmeal. A good cornmeal so your bread can taste real good. So that's yellow cornmeal, not the self-rising. Okay, we got about two cups of cornmeal in here. We're going to put half a teaspoon of salt and we're going to stir it up like this. The water is already hot. So what I'm going to do is pour the water this like, pour the water and I got a step of half a stick of margarine. See, when the hot water touched the margarine, I mean, excuse me, when the margarine and hot water touched the cornmeal, it cooks it. See that? Just pour it in. I got it upside down, but it's working. See that? You just blend that together like that until it gets kind of mushy and you know it's done. Look at that. Just enough to coat it to make sure that it is done. So what we're going to do next, remember that salt water, half a stick of margarine and then you got two cups of cornmeal and you have salt. Okay, we have all here, right over here, excuse me, we have the hot, we have the all, we have no all already in here. So what I'm going to do is use this like that. Use that like that to show you how to form your hot water. It's hot, but you're forming like this. Okay, it's hot, but you do it like this. Sometimes my mom would make some with a finger print sent it and we just love that. Oh, we love that so much. So what we're doing now is forming it like that. Since it already cooked, I'm going to place it like so. I'm going to put it like that. Add some more there like that and we fry it, brin. That is hot water cornbread. Easy, tasty, delicious. Look at that. Tasty, delicious, easy. You're going to really love this recipe. So I'm going to show you the finished product on hot water cornbread part two. This is Sandra, happy eating.