 Hi, welcome to Chris Cook for you to have I got an old school favorite for you. I'm going to be frying okra. This is a very very simple dish. Real easy to make. Be a ingredient so let's get started with what you're going to need to make this fried okra. You're going to need of course the okra and if you cannot get fresh okra then go ahead and use frozen okra. You're just going to need to rinse it off paper towel, pat it dry and then put the ingredients on it. You're going to need yellow cornmeal, salt and pepper and a well beaten egg. Now that's really all you need to make this fried okra but if you want a little flavor to it go ahead and add you a little bit of garlic and a little bit of onion powder. If you want to kick to it go ahead and add a little bit of cayenne pepper. So I'm going to go and wash this okra off. I'm going to paper towel dry it and I'm going to meet you at the stove okra. Here's my well beaten egg. I only beat it for like 15 seconds. Ok and I took all of my dry ingredients and I put them inside of this bag. So this is one cup of cornmeal and then I did add a little kick with the cayenne pepper and salt and pepper a little bit of the onion and the garlic powder. I will post your ingredients at the bottom. Now with this I just took all of my okra and I put it on a paper towel once I rinsed it off. What you don't want to do and I was only rinsing just a little bit of the slime that was on the okra. I rinsed that off. Now I'm going to take my okra and I'm going to place it over inside of this bowl. Ok. Now what I'm going to do is to take my well beaten egg and I'm going to pour it. And that's just one egg. I'm going to pour it all over my okra. Ok. Now once I take that and I pour it over my okra then I have a strainer sitting here. So I'm going to take this and we'll say I'll put half of my okra in here. So if anything needs to drain down all of the okra it can drain down into this container. But it looks as if everything is ok. So now I'm going to take this okra and I'm going to put it inside of my mixture here. And really it looks like I'll be able to get it all over in there. So I'm going to put it all over in there. Ok. So that's done. Now I'm going to take you and I just brought you back just so you can see this just in case you didn't know how to do it. And I'm going to shake it just to coat my okra. Now my okra is ready to fry. So now I will meet you at the stove. Be right there. Alrighty now I'm at the stove and my grease is hot so I'm going to go ahead and add in my okra. And I'm going to allow my okra to fry up in this grease. And it only takes a few minutes for okra and you really don't need that much grease not as much as I have in there. But I had it so I went ahead and used it. So I'm going to go ahead and turn it up. And I'm going to let this fry for about three minutes. At the end of three minutes I bring it back show you what it looks like. Be right back. Ok now we're back and I'm going to go ahead and get ready to take this out. And one of the ways you can tell when your okra gets done is because it will rise to the top. And when it rises to the top you know that it's time to take it out. So there is your okra. This is my first batch. So I'm going to go ahead and take that out and place it on a paper towel just so it can go ahead and drain. But it looks good. And I'm going to put in my second batch and I had a little bit less than a pound. So there you go. That's my second batch. So I'll let you, I'll bring it back once this has cooked up. But it's a real simple. It's real real easy to do. And it's frying on a medium high heat. It looks really really good. I have enough seasonings on it but in case you don't all you have to do is just add a little bit of salt to it while it's still warm. But if you look at the pieces and this is hot so I really don't want to touch it that much. See how pretty it came out? This is a quick, fast and very, very easy simple thing to do is frying okra. So I'm going to go ahead and finish this up and I'll bring it back once this is done. Now I do take like one quick stir like now. And the only reason why I'm stirring it is because I'm trying to move it around in the bottom so that they don't all stick together. So give it just a quick stir and then that's it. Ok now I'm back and as you can see the okra has risen to the top so I'm going to go ahead and take it out and I did taste it. This is really good. I couldn't help myself. Dropping just a little bit of it. I don't want to waste none of this. So I'll go ahead and put it down on my paper towel. Now I wanted the things you want to do if you need to add salt and I did need to add it a little bit. You want to add it while it's still hot. There you go. That is fried okra. And I grew up on that one. And that's really from the archives of old school. Ok just wanted to bring something different and fast. I know we're in the holiday season and a lot of times you got so much cooking to do for the holidays until you really don't want to spend a whole lot of time cooking doing that intermission of the holidays. So I just wanted to bring something that was fast and quick and you can really enjoy it. And as always thank you for watching Chris cook for you too. He's frying up okra today. Bye!