 Hello America! Hello world! I thought I'd try to show you guys how to shift an 18 speed transmission. Do a little bit of explanations because a lot of people there's 18 gears in their house and the world can you keep track of everything. It's really not as hard as you think. It's kind of harder to master, I guess. It's kind of like shooting tool. It's easy to understand but it's hard to get good at. Does that make sense? Alright, what we have is an 18 speed eating fuller transmission. It's the biggest transmission that they make now. As far as number of gears, 18 speed gears. They make a 18 speed, they make a 15 speed, they make a 13 speed, a 10 speed, a 9 speed and I don't know down below that. That's the lowest of them I know. I think they used to make an 8 to 7 but not anymore. So anyway, we got 9, 10, 13, 15 and 18. Those are your 5 main hop transmissions in trucks today. Most trucks out there, most of your big company trucks, big fleet trucks, they usually use a 9 speed. Which is basically what this is. It's a 9 speed just doubled. Let me explain that. You have your typical H-patter just like a sports car or a Mustang. You've got your 5 speed transmission. I know they make them bigger than that now. Like the Corvette or what, 7 speeds. But they just say a 5 speed transmission. You've got reverse, first, second, third, fourth and fifth. Okay? Make sense? You have 5 gears and then that's in low range. Then you have on the front of the switch up here, or on the front of the gear shift, there's a switch. It's an up and down high load selector switch. Okay? Well, in low gear you go through 5 gears and then you go to high gear. And you don't come back to first gear over here. Which would be sixth. You don't go back over here because the fifth gear in low, and sixth gear in high are the same ratio. Okay? So you skip this first gear down on the bottom. Okay? Up, up, up, bottom left. Alright? So you go 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. You flip the switch up and then go to 6, 7, 8, 9. Make sense? 9, 9 gears. 9 different ratios. There's actually 10 gates. But there's 9 different ratios. Okay? What an 18 speed is. Is this little button on the side? It splits every one of those in half. So you have 9 gears divided or multiplied by 2 is 18 speeds. So this is the way I won't move the shift stick because you won't go in very slowly. Like you're rolling. But I'll just move my hand. This isn't new to. So there's neutral in the center. Okay? Here's in the center. So we're going to go in this pattern right here. So first year would be over and left with the switch down and the switch back. Okay? Down and back. Over here. Okay? So watch my thumb, which is this right here. This little button here. Okay? And then when I go to high range, I go like this. Okay? Alright. So we're going to be first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth. Oh, I messed up somewhere. Start that over again. First, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, ninth, tenth. There's 10 gears in lower range. Okay? Then I'll flip to the high side. And instead of coming all the way back to this gate, we'll go up to this gate. So we're at 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18. Alright. That's your 18 gears. If you want to understand that better, just rewind it and watch it again. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18. Okay? Alright. You don't go through all 18 gears every time you go through the gear shed at gear patterns. A lot of times, especially with me, but I'm hauling empty traders, I don't need to use all 18 of those gears. Those gears are there for when you have really heavy loads and you're pulling mountains. So I skip a lot of gears. And on this transmission, I basically drive it like a nine speed until I get over into the ninth gear over here. And then I flip the switch up into 18th. Okay? So my gear pattern, I gotta rethink of this here. First, second, third, fourth, fifth. Okay, I would start out in fifth, which would be where a third gear might be. Okay? I'd start out in fifth, then go to seventh. I wouldn't use the thumb switch. I won't use the thumb switch until I get all the way up to the height gain up here. So let's start out in fifth, seventh, ninth, 11th, 13th, 15th, 17th, and then I flip the switch up to 18th. That's the way I normally drive. So I skipped a lot of gears. I skipped all the little granny gears, the really low range granny gears. And I've skipped every other gear. I have a split, the gears with the thumb splitter. I want to pile low range, but I haven't used the thumb splitter until I get all the way over here and then flip up. Okay? So I'm gonna try to do this. And hopefully the camera will hold still, let's just on a tripod set here. So hopefully it will hold still as I go down the road here. So let's give it the old college drive. Low range and back. Okay? We're gonna start out here. First, second, and the third, we're gonna start in the third gate, which is fifth gear right now. That's fifth gear. I'm gonna go up to seventh, then, then, then, ninth. And then I'm gonna go to high speed, or the high range, 11th, 13th, 15th, 17th. And while by that time I left about 55 mile an hour, I'll flip that and go into the 18th gear, the highest rear gear. So that's how we're gonna go. We're in fifth gear right now. I'm taking my foot off the clutch. I'm not gonna use the clutch anymore. We're gonna go floating. We're speed shifting. Let's go floating gears, and I'm going to high range. That's up to 11th. That's 13th. That's 15th. We're in 30 mile an hour. We're back to 17th. We're in 55. Now we're in 16th gear. I'm gonna just let off the pedal a little bit, and it will automatically air shifter down underneath the air pressure. It actually puts it into that 18th gear. I haven't touched anything as far as trail to the clutch. So as you notice, I didn't use the clutch until I was in when I was in the dead stop. I used the clutch to get going. I didn't touch it after that. From then, I just floated gears. You just feel the gears meshing up. When you feel the gears meshing up, you need to go back and go into that gear. When you let off the throttle, it takes your tension off of the gears. You push it out of gear and into the next gear. That's up in 16th right now. There's 17th. I've been back right here. That's 17th. There's 18th. That's all it is between flitting the gears in half. It's just right here. And you're just letting off the foot. All you do is just letting off the foot a little bit. It takes the pressure off of the gears and lets the air pressure underneath. Shift the four of you. So I'm in 18th gear. Let's have a hit of hill. I've dropped down to 17th. All I need is push the switch back and let off the throttle a little bit. That loosens the gears up enough for the air shift underneath. It's like an air solenoid. And it shifts it into the below, you know, the lower half of the gear. So I'm going up the hill. I'm saying, no, I've been less than going up the hill. I pressed the top of the hill. I want to go into the high gear now. I flipped that switch and I'll let off the throttle and back into the throttle. And it's going to shift it underneath from all of its own. And I have a touch the clutch at all. I don't want that kind of gives you a little idea how these things work. Like I said, you don't use all 18 years. You only use about half of them most of the time. What the luck of them, the split gears are fours. If you have run heavy load in your embounds, you can split each of those gears and keep that attack in the right, the sweet spot as far as the torque range. Okay. So anyway, I'm sure I'm going to get a lot of questions on this one soon. Ciao!