 [♪ OUTRO MUSIC PLAYING [♪ Pancakes are a serious comfort food, and as a kid, I could eat them all day long. Now, I have two of them, and I need to go take a nap. These pancakes we're going to make, though, are made of bananas and flax, which is just going to keep your body moving. Let's go make them. Here's the shopping list for whichever lucky son of a gun gets to wake up with you. [♪ OUTRO MUSIC PLAYING [♪ Don't give these guys any flax. Flax seeds are packed with omegas, fiber, and protein. So for being such a tiny seed, they really pack a big punch. Also, they're best when you buy them whole and grind them up yourself. That's where you get the most nutrition. So we're going to start this recipe off by making some flax eggs. That is just putting water straight into some ground flax. We're just going to let it sit for about 15 minutes, and it's going to set up and have that texture of an egg. And while we're waiting, we're going to make some Nutella. To start off, I'm going to take these hazelnuts, which I've soaked overnight, and just pour them through a strainer. Get rid of that water. [♪ OUTRO MUSIC PLAYING [♪ That's perfect. I soaked them overnight to soften them up. It also actually makes them easier to digest. I'm just going to put these straight. I'm going to put food processor. I'm going to add about a half a cup of coconut oil. This is just to help it get creamier, faster, and it helps it set up. Take some minutes. Now I'm going to add the sweetener, which I'm using maple syrup. You could use whatever you like. Some vanilla. Now I'm going to blend it up again. And last, I'm going to put the cocoa powder in. And blend some more. And just to finish up and get the consistency we want, I'm going to add a couple tablespoons of almond milk, just a little at a time until we get to that nice creamy Nutella consistency. We just want to make sure that it's nice and spreadable put it on our pancakes. Okay, texture looks great. I think we are just about done. Oh, uh-uh. No way! We're not putting corn syrup or way or any of that other crap in here. Just all plants. So we got our Nutella in here. We're going to start by mashing up some bananas. You can just do that really easily with a bowl and a fork. So you want to go for bananas that are kind of on the riper end of ripe. And now we're just going to mash it up. Do the mash. The monster mash. Little bit of smash. So just get all the lumps that you can out. It doesn't need to be like a puree. You just want it mashed. Banana looks good. Looks like our eggs are freshly hatched. Let's just add them into the banana. It really... It's got a real vibe going on. Start mixing this around. Okay, we're going to add the coconut oil. The coconut oil is nice because it helps it to bind. It gives it some moisture and we're also going to put some almond milk in here. So these are all of our liquids all together in one bowl. Let's just make sure they're mixed up as well as they can be. So now we're done with our wet ingredients. We can just set these aside and mix up our dry ingredients. I have some oat flour here. You can really use any gluten-free flour. But I like this one just because it's oats. It feels breakfast-y. Also some cinnamon. Some baking soda to help it get nice and fluffy. And a pinch of salt. Let's just whisk that up. And then we're just going to add the wet ingredients straight into the dry bowl. And mix it up a little bit more. Okay, this batter is ready to go. Let's make it into some pancakes. So the skillet is getting nice and hot. I like using cast iron because it's actually a really good way of fortifying your food with iron, which is really important for vegetarians and vegans. Because they're not necessarily always getting the iron they need. I think we're ready. First I gotta grease this up. Using my mister, where did I get it? Is that what you asked? TJ Maxx. I have coconut oil in here and I'm just gonna spritz. So you could just pour it in, but I'm using a ladle to do this. And I'm holding it really close to the skillet because you hold it really far away. Sometimes the bubbles can break. And we like those levels. And now we wait for some minutes. Pancakes have a lot of names. Hotcakes. Pancakes. Flap checks. Pancakes. Ready? I was trying to do something cool. How about a pancake joke while we're waiting? One banana pancake, two flags eggs, and a veggie sausage walk into a bar. And the bartender says, sorry, we don't serve breakfast. All right, these are done. Okay, so between pancakes, we're gonna spray our skillet again. Okay. What did one pancake say to the next? See y'all on the flip side. Okay, we're finishing up these last two. And these are our finished pancakes. So now we've got our pancakes and our new teladon. Let's put the two together. See what happens. We know it's gonna happen, but... Now this would be delicious as is, or I could put maple syrup right on top. Or I could take it to the limit and start stacking them. The Nutella acts as the speckle. I like to smoosh it down so you can see it coming out the sides. All right, and we are all done. I'm just gonna eat some of this. The cut makes the whole thing worth it. Oh my god. These pancakes are no joke.