 Alright guys, well it almost looks like a crime scene but what you're looking at here is coffee grounds and I tried everything. Now one thing I did not try is steam cleaning. I didn't rent a steam cleaner but as you can see he didn't do anything. He took up the majority of the particles but the stain remains. So I created a combination of solutions that actually did work and in this bucket I have basically plain water, dawn disc soap, peroxide and bleach. Now the peroxide bleach you just pretty much add a cap full. It's not much. Probably a cap full of the bleach and a couple cap fulls of the peroxide would work. And what I do is this. You got to wet it make sure all the particles absorb the liquid. Now with a damp rag you want to cover it. And with your iron I get as hot as possible. What that does is just the liquid, the liquid fight particles under there. This is drawing it up and everything's going to be gathered in a cloth. You get two, three, four times. Many as you feel like necessary to get the stain up. As you can see it's doing something. Now this stain was a lot bigger. I've been doing this for the last 30 minutes. See? And depending on the carpet size you may have to leave it on there. Let it sit for a second. Big difference, right? And what I did is flip to the clean side and do it again. Basically you keep doing this until you don't see the stain pop up. That's how you know you got at least the majority of it. And again when you go to push this down there's much pressure as possible. It's like 40 bucks to rent a steamer. This is good as it got it right here. This didn't cost me anything but pennies and household items that was laying around anyway. See there? A few differents. And this was a ton of coffee. I spilled an entire container of an instant coffee at that. The most part is pretty clean. And just keep repeating it. You know it just do it in layers. It's a lot easier. I just do the width of a brush and just scrub it back and forth. You'll see it liquify. Do the whole area itself. Then you'll want to go back. I usually wait to I'm going to wait till it dries. That way I can see how much is needed. Mine will probably take two cycles of cleaning this. Most of you who didn't spill an entire container will just have to do one. The rag I'm using it's just a tough rag. Get it at home depot. I use these to clean the vehicle. They're pretty thick. You don't want something very thin. Because depending on the carpet you have and the heat hitting element it could actually melt the carpet. And again to prevent that you don't want to hold the iron in one spot for too long. Just like you're doing when you're ironing close. And that should do it. But any questions I'll have some itemized list of everything that I used in the bucket. But again it's just regular tap water. Some bleach regular. Also bleach. And some dawn cleaning detergent and a dash of hydro peroxide. And that's all you need. I hope that helps you guys out. It took me four days of research and trial and error to get this stuff out of the carpet. And the solution I found that work is this. So good luck with the guys and thanks for watching. And let's prep the word.