 Hey there, all YouTubers. This is Heavy Metal Barbecue. The holiday seasons are upon us and our family for the holidays enjoy homemade kielbasa. So today I'm going to be smoking holiday kielbasa. This kielbasa was made by my cousin, Metal Mike. He did the hard part. He ground the pork, he added the seasonings, he filled the casings, he did all that. We've got ground pork, we've got pure, salt, black pepper, garlic, and margarine. Those are the seasonings in this kielbasa. As you can see, before you put them on the smoker, you want to air dry them. So they're not wet and you want to have them nice and dry. So that's what we're doing here. Let me go get the smoker set up and so I got my charcoal pan set up here. I want to try to keep the temperature between 160 and 165. So I'm going to put my charcoal in here and my wood chips and it'll slowly burn right around here with not too much charcoal. So here I have ceramic brackets. I build up a barrier here to keep the charcoal separated. So that's going to hopefully help keep the temperature down also. Okay, I got my charcoal in here. I'm going to start it here and I got my hickory chunks, my ceramic bracket barrier here and hopefully it's going to go right around like this. That's plenty of wood. Okay, today in the attempt to keep the temperature down in this smoker is I will be using water in the water pan. Normally I use ceramic brackets. Okay, we got the charcoal set up in the snake method. Got my flame throw and we're going to just light the corner here. So I'm going to start it here. I'm going to start it here. I'm going to start it here. I'm going to start it here. I'm going to start it here. I'm going to start it here. Okay, we've got our coal boss on. Got him hanging on my rotisserie rack there. That's 12 pounds of homemade coal boss. With that extension, they're fitting in a really nice good air circulation around there. Not much touch in it. It's going to be fine. I got my Maverick probe in there. 54 degrees. We're shooting for an internal temp of 152. I hope to smoke. Keep this smoker at a nice low 160 to 165. We're getting close. We're at 150 degrees. So we need to get our ice bath ready. So we got our water. We got our ice getting ready. Getting close. There it is. 152. Let's see what this looks like. Three hours and 45 minutes. Wow, look at that. That is awesome. Holy crap. Fast as we can. I'm going to start taking it out. Now we're going to let it dry, hang dry, and what they call bloom. Okay, folks. There it is. Look at the nice color on there. Beautiful. We're just going to let it bloom here for about an hour and a half, two hours. If you have longer, let it hang longer. Two to three hours. Put yourself down a towel. Catch some of the water dripping. But that is beautiful. Thank you. The water pan is still left in there. It's a little bit more beautiful. It's a little bit more beautiful. All right, so here we are after an hour and a half of letting the coal boss rest and bloom. We're going to look at that color on that. We're going to cut it open and see what it looks like. Now it shouldn't have any... That is heavy metal. That is so good. Look at the spice. Look at the fat and the meat content. It's perfect. This is going to be so good. Okay, so that's my smoked holiday, kill boss. I just want to wish all of my barbecue brothers out there happy holidays and have a very metal Christmas.