 Hi there. Today I'm going to talk about the Progressive International Measuring Tools. These are the stainless steel magnetic measuring spoons and what comes in the bundle is the one tablespoon, half a tablespoon, one teaspoon, half a teaspoon and a quarter of a teaspoon. They're all marked in metric as well. So let me start with what I like about these. I really like the fact that it has the elongated type or oval shape and it comes very handy when you have to grab some spices or other cooking ingredients from a narrow opening. The other thing that I appreciate is that it has really two measuring instruments here. So suppose you use this part to measure oil, so you know one tablespoon of oil and then you have the other side for something dry. So that's really handy. The other thing that I like about them is that they sit level. So if you pour some oil on it in it, it will not drip because it's level. Another thing that I like about it is that it's basically flush. So this stem is flush with the measuring area and why is this good? And you should look for this in every type of measuring spoons that did, you know, when you go shop around. This is very important when you go and scoop dry items. For example, this is baking soda and most of the jars will have something like this and all you have to do is scoop and sweep. And this will give you the exact measurement and this is how it's supposed to be done. Some measuring spoons have, I don't know, they have like a little lip here. You can't do it with them. So that's one thing. Now let me tell you what I didn't like about the set. What I didn't like about the set is that one, and this is very surprising because I actually bought it for this reason. The magnetic capabilities of the set is frankly quite annoying when you put these back in the utensil drawer or when you put it in the dishwasher. They tend to stick to other items and it becomes very frustrating. I wish there was a waiter who removed this. Another thing that I didn't like is that it's very thin metal. So it will get bent, you know, it's very easy to get it out of shape. Now the other thing that I didn't like is, and this is a biggie, is that the measuring markings are starting to rub off. And this is after a year of use. I don't know, it shouldn't really happen. And if you're looking for something else, make sure that it's either laser etched on the handle or engraved. I think they kind of lost, they lost the whole star right there. I really think this is a major flaw in the design of this. Okay, so as far as conclusion, my conclusion here is that it's an okay item. I would recommend it with reservation, meaning that I believe that there's other better options out there. If you're really looking for a dual type one, I pretty much am sure that this is the only one in the metal form. So would I buy it again? Probably not. I would probably go with the heavier thicker gauge metal, with the measurements actually etched or lasered to the stem. Okay, well, until next time, hopefully you enjoyed this video, please thumb up and subscribe. And I will catch you in the next video. Bye.