 Hi, my name is Danny and I write a blog called Food Urchin. I also write for great British chefs and I'm going to show you today how to make a smoked haddock and leek risotto using a two milk. Now a two is a 100% natural fresh cow's milk that you can use in everyday cooking. If you've had problems using milk in the past, you should try A2 because you might find that a bit gentler on the tummy. Now I'm going to start off by chopping up some vegetables. I'm going to nice and thin. So I'm going to slice my celery lengthways and then just straight across. And now we just need a couple of cloves of garlic. Once you've got your garlic, your celery and your onion chopped up, it's ready to go into the pan with just a splash of olive oil. Now we're going to cook this down really slowly. You're going to need to take about 20 minutes doing this because you want everything to just really caramelise and just really soften gently. Now the next stage is to add the risotto rice. Just frown the rice in and give it a stir before we start adding anything else until it starts to become translucent. Now's the time to add a glass of dry white wine. I've got an Italian wine here. What we want to do is just cook all that wine out so that all the rice absorbs it. At the stage now where we're going to poach our haddock in the milk. Now this is a really good technique because milk isn't a really nice gentle liquor to poach the fish in. But also this smoked haddock will infuse the milk of some flavour as well. So we're going to bring the milk up to just a simmering point and simmer gently for five minutes. The fish really needs to be undercooked really because when you put the fish into the risotto at the end it'll just finish off cooking in that. Okay I'm happy with my haddock. It's just cooked through slightly under still so I'm going to take that out of the pan. It's time to get the leaks on the go now. It's all I'm greedy into already now and we're ready to get stuck into the main event which is making the risotto. Okay this is simply a case of putting the rice back onto the heat. I've got some stock on the go here. Once you've got your stock coming up to a nice heat, once you've got your rice coming up we're ready to start ladling everything in. So we're going to go with the first ladle and basically put in a couple of ladles at the time and stir it through so it all mixes in together. Once that stock is absorbed you just add another ladle. Okay the rice is very nearly there now. It's just got a tiny little bit of a bite still, the al dente. So I'm going to add the infused milk that I kept from the haddock and this is going to really lend a luxurious creamy quality to the risotto. Right this is just about done now. All we need to do is add the haddock, the leaks and the parsley and we're good to go. We're going to add a grinding of pepper. Now we're at the best part, the eating part. So into a deep bowl, goat's cheese to add just a bit more creaminess to the risotto. Squeeze of lemon juice and the final touch. And there you have it, smoked haddock and leak risotto using a two milk. So now we're going to add the smoked haddock. Now we're going to add the smoked haddock. And then we're going to add the smoked haddock. And then we're going to add the smoked haddock. And then we're going to add the smoked haddock.