 So wash machine powers up. But what happens is if you put it on a cycle, the timer counts down but it doesn't do anything. Hey everybody, it's Jeff from Bullshit Corner and welcome to another shit show today. What I like to do is buy projects and fix them up when other people totally fuck them up. So what I did is I bought a washer and dryer today for dirt cheap, their GE models, their front loading models. The dryer works perfectly, however, the washer does not work. The guy already started taking the part and was poking and prodding in there. And what he says is the timer counts down but the washer does do anything. So if it doesn't cycle or anything, most likely it's the control board, he had the bottom panel off looking at the motor shit. I'm not really in that out but we're going to try the control panel first because I did a ghetto move last week because I found a washer that a guy was giving away for free except the bearing was gone in it. So everything else is good, it's sitting outside under a plastic. So remove the control board, rob the control board from the other one and see if we get to sing the work. Let's start off by removing those three screws. Once those three screws are removed at the back, the top cover comes off and it looks like the control panel is held in by two screws there and two screws there. Once you remove that four screws, the only tab you got to push in is in the corner here and you reach in behind. You push that tab when you pull this piece out and remove your dispenser as well. So now we're going to remove the electrical connections, get those out of the way, and then go outside and get the other board. This is the control panel I robbed from outside. That's the one that was originally in it. It looks pretty similar. The housing looks pretty close as well. Say everything is plugged back into place, let's screw it back together. Well, I got the new control panel put in. So let's plug her in now, see what happens. Door locked. That's a good sign. It's powering up. It's a very good sign. Well, let's see what happens. Powered up. Put it on colors. Soil level will be hard. Ogo spin medium. Wash temperature warm. Press start. Door is locked. All right, we got water filling up now. Let's see if that seal leaks or not. Hopefully it doesn't. So far so good. It's in the wash cycle. No water coming out the floor yet. Still testing. Still testing. Looking good so far. Spin cycle seems to be working well. Well, I successfully washed seven loads of laundry through that washer. No hiccups, no issues whatsoever. I'm going to consider that washers fixed. And it was pretty cheap. 250 bucks for the pair. And the other one I got for free, I'm going to take the other one apart and salvage all the parts I can off it. Keep this washer going as long as I can. So if you have any questions or comments post them below. Otherwise, thanks for watching. Don't be afraid to be cheap. It saves you money in the long run.