 Hello and welcome to one of your chef. Today we are going to make homemade musseli. You can see the homemade granola. So let's see what all ingredients we need for that. To make homemade musseli or granola we need rolled oats. We have taken 175 grams of rolled oats here and this is easily available in the stage. It's a bit expensive but it's easily available. 60 grams of dark brown sugar. 100 grams of walnuts. You can take pecans or you can take almonds also. It's up to you whatever you want to add. This is your homemade granola or homemade musseli. I'm taking 100 grams of dried canberries here. This we are not going to add. I'll be back and in this I have taken 30 grams of oil and 30 grams of honey. To this I'm going to add 1 tablespoon of water. That is warm water. And we need 1 fourth teaspoon of salt. In a large mixing bowl we are going to take our rolled oats, brown sugar, and the walnuts and some salt. We are just going to mix this and keep this aside for now. Now to this I'm going to add our oil, honey and 1 tablespoon of warm water. So here's the mixture. Mix well. Just pour it over the thick. Now using a spatula just mix it. At this point you might feel that it is too dry but believe me once you mix well it's going to come together really. So we are going to transfer this on a baking tray which I have lined with the parchment paper and I have put some oil. I'm just going to transfer this to a baking tray and spread all over the baking tray. And we are going to bake this for around 40 to 45 minutes. And in between that every 15 minutes I'm going to take it out and give a nice step so that it gets brown evenly. Once again I'm going to bake this at 160 degree Celsius. It's very low temperature because we don't want to burn this. We just want to roast this and make it brown and crispy. As got a nice brown color all over the oats so it's now ready. To this we can add our canberis. And this canola can be stored for two months in an A by Tarteena. And for the canberis. I hope you like this video. Please subscribe to my YouTube channel for such interesting recipes and videos. You can also visit me on my Facebook page which is given in the description box below. You can also visit my website, www.debrazephardware.com or more such interesting recipes. Thank you and keep watching.