 I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Our very first guest at the live stream lounge, Eli Ki, from Up Mountain Switchal. How are you? Good to see you. Doing well, right? How are you? Now, I hope it didn't butcher your name. It's Eli, right? Eli. Yes, see? I'm glad I, yes. I apologize for that. I know we've been a thousand times, but you don't have the why at the end. I get it a lot. If it's close, I tend to respond. How's your web net live going so far? So far so good. Just checked out the showdown upstairs. I guess I'm the first guest of the day, so he's getting started. Thanks so much for doing that. Up Mountain Switchal is your brand. You guys just went under, took a rebrand. Looks really good. How can I take one of these? Can I drink this? It's kind of, oh, you already drank from this. That can understand why. It's new. It's new. What's Switch? Alright. God bless. Alright. For those viewers at home who don't know what Switchal is, and for some of the folks watching here, what is Switchal? I know what Switchal is, but you know, in your words, what is Switchal? So Switchal is a Vermont farming drink from the 1700s. It's made with fresh ginger, raw organic, apple cider vinegar, Vermont maple syrup and water. And then we have three other flavors, which is a lemon, cayenne, which I'm drinking right now, and a yerba mate. Is it incentive to be a functional drink or a freshman drink? It is. It is a functional beverage. That's where we're usually brought into the store as. It's used as a hydrator recovery drink. It was originally used by farmers when they were in the fields working hard and trying to pee out all day in the sun. And sweating. Yeah. You know, you change up your label, but you kept this sort of, this vessel, I'll call it a jelly jar, but like, this is a traditional vessel for Switchal, correct? Correct. So it's traditionally consumed out of mason jars. So our packaging hearts back to the original way it was consumed. It's also a reusable jar and stands out on the shelf. So, you know, for a category for beverage that's not readily understood or consumers just aren't necessarily as aware of it, you know, what is your strategy for educating more consumers about what Switchal is and your brand in particular? Yeah, you know, our website and our social media is probably the best place right now to get educated on what Switchal is and the history and why you might drink it. We're first to market when we got started there was really only one other company in northern Vermont who was doing it. And I think you're going to start to see a lot more Switchals coming on to the market. So that's a good thing. I mean, we love to see the category grow and people will get more familiar with what it is. But for now, I'd say our website and our social media is a good place to find out and that's drinkSwitchal.com and up Mountain Switchal on Instagram. And then the biggest thing I would say is by definition, you know, Switchal is made with ginger, maple syrup and apple cider vinegar. So just watch out for companies that may be cutting corners for profits rather than, you know, looking out for your health by using cane sugar or corn syrup. You know, none of those things are by definition in Switchal. So just keep an eye out on the ingredients list. Yeah, you know, it was a couple of years ago that we saw an article I think was in Mother Jones or, you know, one of the, you know, a consumer-oriented magazine that said is Switchal the new hipster drink. And it's talked about a little about the Switchal scene in Brooklyn. Is Brooklyn really the epicenter for Switchal at this point? No, Vermont is where Switchal originated. That's where we got started in the farmer's markets. We came down to Brooklyn. I think naturally people assumed, you know, are associated with hipster because it's, you know, it's an old time drink and... I don't mean that a bad way. It's an interesting consumer base. It's folks who are, those millennials who are, you know, looking for something that's healthy but also refreshing. Yeah, absolutely. And, I mean, by no means is that a bad thing, but we also have, you know, a 90-year-old Vermonter who are drinking it. And we have distribution now in Southern California and Northern California and Austin, Texas and New York City. So... Yeah. Last question, you know, what's the most challenging aspect of being an entrepreneur, you know, a beverage entrepreneur? Is it fighting for shell space? Is it getting investment? I mean, you know, what are the biggest challenges or the biggest challenges you're facing? Yeah, I'd say definitely, you know, we're a small, independently-owned Vermont business. So, going up against some of the competition out there, we don't bring as much money into the table. So we can't pay for slotting and we can't give free product away like a lot of companies do. I think that's the biggest challenge is just, you know, being a grassroots company and, you know, making the drink itself the reason why people are buying it. And fighting for that shell space and recognition, you know, there's a lot of promotions, there's a lot of, you know, paying for slotting fees. And we do that when we can, but a lot of the time we can't. So just making a good solid product that people drink because that's what it is. One day at a time, right? Yeah, absolutely. Fantastic. Hot Mountain Switchle. This is the good stuff right here. Shake it and drink. I'm going to very soon. Thanks so much for being with us now. Thank you, man. Thank you. Appreciate it. All right. See you soon.