 Hi, my name is Tanya Moros and I'm your independent Norwex Consultant. I wanted to share with you one of my cleaning challenges. I know when I go, when I'm invited into people's homes, they often share their cleaning challenges with me. So this one is mine and it recently reached the new disgusting I can't handle at threshold level of dirt. This is my range hood. We lived in this house for three years and we inherited a sticky, slimy, goop that attracted dust and I've tried lots of regular cleaning products and never had much success. But I decided I reached the new level of disgusting and decided we had to do something about it. So as you can see here, there's some slime you'd rather do. I tried cleaning this with the environmental cloth, just a white and viral cloth that worked pretty good. There was a lot of elbow grease. But as you can see here, there's still some residue and even the spots that look clean, I can still feel the sticky. So that's what that looked like. Then I had some girlfriends over and we said, hey, what about the kitchen scrub cloth? So we tried the kitchen scrub cloth over here and yeah, it was less elbow grease than the wet and viral cloth and that was good, but still not totally clean. Then I decided I'm going to try the cleaning paste with the wet and viral cloth and let me tell you what a difference. I know you can't feel what my range is like over YouTube, but honest to goodness, it is super smooth and in the past week, there's not been any dust accumulating. So we're going to get the rest of this to look, get the rest of this brown gube to go away and look like this. So we'll fast forward and we'll show you the completed results in a minute. There we go. That's my cleaning challenge looked after. So just a dip of a bite. So I always start with the wet and viral cloth if you need a little extra oomph, try the cleaning paste. Let me know if this works for you and if you've got a cleaning challenge, feel free to send me a note and we'll find a solution for your cleaning challenge. I'm off to find my next one. Have a great day.