 Hello everyone, welcome to my cooking channel. I'm glad that you came back and watched this cooking channel. Anyway, today I want to show you how to make Steofried Leech. Leech is like a big onion here. So like it's from an onion, green onion family, but this is the the bigger ones. So we got Steofried is with beef and then greens are on leeks. I use about three leeks. I'm going to cut into like maybe two inches. I'll show you how it looks like after it's sliced and then onions and then beef, ground black pepper, some soy sauce here, fish sauce, some cooking wine, Chinese cooking wine here, Chinese dried red pepper, some olive oil, vegetable oil here, a little bit corn starch, some sugar and then sesame oil. So anyway, those are the ingredients to make this Steofried leeks with beef. So before we start Steofrying, we want to marinate the beef. So we got to put some seasoning on the beef and I'll show you how to do that and then once you put the seasoning, you have to marinate for 30 minutes, put it in a fridge and after that you can use it for the Steofry. Now you can see I finished marinating the beef. I added the season after this. I'm going to put in the fridge. What I did was I used some corn starch. I used about half teaspoon of it. I used 1-4th of ground whole black pepper. I used about 1 teaspoon of fish sauce. I used about 1 teaspoon of rice cooking wine, the Chinese rice cooking wine. I used about 1 teaspoon of sesame oil. Then I used about 1-4th of sugar and I think that's pretty much it. And then I just mix it and then put in this plastic bag. We got to put in the fridge for 30 minutes. And after that, take it out so we can use it for the Steofry. Now you can see I put garlic and the chili peppers and pinch of salt. This is to make the flavor with the garlic and chili peppers and I put like 2 tablespoons of vegetable oil. So now we got to set this aside and cook the beef. Now I'm going to add the beef. I'm going to make sure the beef is like brown. So keep on mixing until the beef is brown like medium rare and then we take it out, put it aside. And then after that we put in the leftover pepper and garlic and then we add the beef and then all the veggies with the pre-made sauce. Now I finished mixing my beef vegetables and hot chili pepper together. Now this Steofry leeks is well done and you can see I have it here on my plate here. So it's ready to eat. Thank you for watching this video. Please subscribe to my channel below. I will put all the ingredients and I'll see you next time. Thank you.