 I am going to roll out for you some French quarter biniers and I'm going to use the Presto Grand Papi Deep Fried to do it. I love you Grand Papi. Let me tell you something. These are a special treat. The most important thing about biniers is the dough and what's nice is they're better fresh so you can make this in advance and hold it in the refrigerator or you can even freeze it if you like. The Grand Papi is the perfect size because it's only going to use six cups of oil. A lot of people think biniers have to have this huge fried in and no you don't need that much. It's nice and easy. So I have some warm water and I have a little bit of yeast. I want to get our yeast in and I'm going to show you how it's going to get activated. Little sugar. Let's just stir this together. Oh look at that sugar. Try to stay in there. Come on out. We're just going to stir this up and you know when you hear about dough and making breads and activating the yeast, basically you're going to find this sugar and the warm water is going to cause this yeast to start bubbling. That's what we're going to get. So we're going to let this sit here. This will do its thing and we'll get that nice little bubble in the meantime. Basically it's proving. That's what we're trying to do. We're trying to get this yeast to start to activate so we can proof. Now here in our mixer, I want to start with two eggs. We'll drop in our eggs. I'm also going to, you know what, let's get our eggs started to beat first. Let's just beat our eggs a little bit. Good enough. Nice and easy. Let's get in a little milk and this just gives us a little room to put this in. I'm also going to put in about a teaspoon of salt. There we go. That'll work. Let's beat a little bit. Just to kind of blend together and smooth out to this, we're going to add in some more sugar because you know, bean yays are basically a French donut. You know, New Orleans being a French city, this is a French donut. You know, if you've ever come to New Orleans, you might have seen what's a bag net? Well, it's pronounced, Ben-yay. That's what it is and all it is is a square French donut. So let's get our sugar in. Give this a quick mix. Just to get that sugar in there with those eggs, if you notice, our yeast has proved. See how we're getting those bubbles on the top? That means it is activated. The proofing has begun. So now, let's go ahead and pour this in. You can smell that. You know, when you put the yeast in, you can smell now it smells like dough. And now we're going to start to add our flour. And we just need to add our flour a little at a time. Now I'm going to start with three cups of flour. Let's just turn this on. Remember, take your time when you're making this. This is something that, you know, as a kid growing up, especially here in New Orleans, this was a treat to have Ben-yays. And you know, when we didn't have time to go to a morning call or to go to Cafe Dumas, mom made this at home. And into this, we want to start cutting in our shartening. By cutting in the shartening, this is what makes, if you're making pies, this is what makes it nice and flaky. When you're using a butter crust or if you're using a shartening for the crust, by cutting that in, you want to keep it cold and that's what makes things so nice and flaky. So at this point, we can start adding a little more flour into our mixture. Let's get a little flour in. You know, this is something growing up as a kid. I remember helping my mom do whenever she made Ben-yays. I always got to add the flour in. I liked it better when I got to add the sugar in because it was sweet. You know, if you've ever tasted flour by itself, it's kind of dry. But that was my job, adding all the ingredients. We'll get this last little bit in. All right. Let's get you out of the way. Now, if you notice what's happening, our dough is starting to come together. Let's pull this off of our paddle. And what we want to do is we want to put our hook in because, you know, grandmother used to need dough by hand. Thank goodness in modern times. Now we'll just use our dough hook. So let's set our paddle here. Let's get our hook on. So it's in place. Now, if you notice, look at that. That's right where we wanted to be. Now I'm going to put this in a bowl and let it rest for at least two hours in a nice warm spot. But you know what? I have some already done. So let's get this cleaned up. This will rest. We'll get our dough that we made. And oh, we are one step closer to those Ben-yays. Now look how our dough has rested. It has risen in the bowl. You can see the little air rations in there. That's what resting dough does. Now this is so close to being a Ben-yay. I'm going to take a little flour and just spread it on the counter. I'm also going to take a little flour and put on our rolling pin. You know, one of the things about dealing with dough and rolling out doughnuts or biscuits or anything like that, you need that little bit of flour. Now what's nice is earlier, I said that we can make this ahead of time and keep this in the fridge. We can actually put some in the freezer. We don't have to use all of this because you know, I like to make it in advance. And now we can take this, a little bit of flour, work it out, and now we just want to roll this out. Now Ben-yays, if you've come to New Orleans and have had any, you know, sometimes they're thick, sometimes they're thin. We want to roll it out to about a quarter of an inch. That's where we want the thickness of the dough because if it's too thick, it's going to be chewy. If it's too thin, it's going to be light and airy and crispy. And I tell you what, one of the nice thing about Ben-yays, they're better fresh, so don't cook them until you're ready to eat them. Now if you want for the kids, you can cut these in different shapes, but I just put a little flour on my knife and you can just gently cut them. If you want to cut them at an angle, you can to make triangles. If you just want to cut them square because if you've ever seen this done at our Ben-yays shops, they usually do them square. Now here's what's nice. What's nice about our fryer, the grand pappy automatically sets the temperature. It's preset and it's regulated automatically for consistency each time. And remember, we're only going to use six cups of oil and we want to do this in small batches. So let's drop our Ben-yays in. We're going to do four at a time and you notice how quick they pop right to the top. Now we have a handy scoop for lifting and turning the Ben-yays. See how they just float right up? They don't take very long, okay? And that's what's nice. Whenever you fry something, you don't want to overcrowded to where everything is, it can't move, it can't breathe. You want everything just to, it's those Ben-yays are laying in there. They're like swimming out at the beach. So here, let's just give them a quick turn. See, this does not take long at all. And you know what's nice is, the grand pappy is non-stick inside and outside. And what's great about that, that's easy for cleanup. Easy peasy cleaning. Look at our Ben-yays. And remember earlier, what I said, that oil is ready to go right again. So now let's drop some in in a triangle shape. And I think we have a room for this last little piece right there. You know, like I said. Get people's even issues, cut out even issues. Try to make different shapes. This is such a new Orleans treat as a kid growing up here in this city. And I tell you what, grand pappy used to take it again Ben-yays, but now grand pappy helps you make Ben-yays. You got to love it. Look at that. You know what, these are just about ready. Let's get a plate. You can peek under the underside. See how golden brown they are. Look how easily scoop right out. We drop them right on the paper towels. We don't want to leave you behind, little guy. Now, some place when you go get Ben-yays, they serve them to you like this and they let you put the sugar on. Other place when you get Ben-yays, they put the sugar on for you. So let's take them and just put them on our plate. Oh, let's just put them in different ways. Get on there. You hop there. You hop there. A little bit of powdered sugar. A lot of powdered sugar. Such a new Orleans treat. And here we have our French Quarter Ben-yays, baby, done in our presto grand pappy deep fryer. You know what, we're going to get a little bit of powdered sugar. We're going to get a little bit of powdered sugar. We're going to get a little bit of powdered sugar. We're going to get a little bit of powdered sugar. We're going to get a little bit of powdered sugar.