 Hi, my name is Amanda Oakleaf. I am owner head baker, decorator of Amanda Oakleaf Cakes in Winthrop, Massachusetts, where we do custom cakes of all kinds, wedding cakes, birthday cakes, sculpted cakes. Anything you can think of, we can make it into a cake. And today I will be talking to you about cake decorating. So next we are going to cover a cake in fondant. We have a cake already cremated. We use the same technique for buttercream in the cake. Just a little bit thinner. And it is okay if some of the cake shows through as long as it is nice and square and level. We are all set. So that is our cake. We have had it in the fridge for a few hours that helps it to stiffen up a little bit. In the fondant we have already softened. If you have it sitting overnight then you might need to throw it in the microwave for a minute or two to really soften up and knead it. So you need a little bit of cornstarch. You could use powdered sugar as well. We find that cornstarch is more silky and it is easier to work with. So some on your table, cover the bottom of your fondant and you want to press it into a circle to start with because you want a big circle to cover the cake. So you want to use the rolling pin to roll it out into a circle. You don't want to get it too thin. Maybe between a quarter and an eighth inch in thickness. Make sure it is not stuck to the table. If there is any air bubbles from kneading it you can go ahead and take your exacto knife and just make a little slit and then push the air out. This one looks pretty smooth. Then you want to lift it up and center it right over the cake. You want to unfold the ruffles a little bit, keep it flat. Then you want to start at the top with your fondant smooth. You want to press out any air bubbles from the top of the cake. Press them out to the side. Then work your way around the side, pressing the air down and out. Once it is stuck to the side, use your fondant smooth so you don't have finger marks. Then keep it straight up and down and that will help adhere the fondant to the side of the cake. Then we are also going to cover the base, the cardboard base. Then I like to score. You can kind of feel where the cardboard is underneath. Score with your finger where it is. Then you can take your pizza cutter and cut right along the edge. There you have it. You want to go ahead and knead back the rest of your fondant back into a ball. Wrap it in plastic wrap until you are ready to make decorations.