 And today we're looking at how to add Friant to your refrigerator. And this is what you're going to need for today. A bullet piercing valve, the according Friant according to your fridge manual, an air conditioning conversion adapter from R12 to R134A. A multi-bit screwdriver without the bit of Friant recharge hose, a Friant gauge, and most important your fridge. So you're ready to check your refrigerator. You opened it up, checked for frost, checked if the fan is working, you checked your compressor for continuity, you checked if any of your ventilation holes are clogged, you checked the thermostat, you checked the timer, and you took that multimeter and placed it in every wire in that fridge. And you see that everything is working fine. So now you're pretty sure your fridge needs Friant. So let's go and show this fridge who's the boss. So let's start by disconnecting the fridge from the power outlet and removing the screws from the back. Remember you always want to put the bullet piercing valve, the closest to the compressor. And always keep it in consideration, the best location, the most comfortable, just in case you have to work on it once again. The bullet piercing valve comes with two adapters for different tube size. In this case you have to check which one fits your tube size and that's the one we're going to work with. Once you've done that, now we can start working on putting the piercing valve. We're going to go ahead and tighten down the three outer screws with an allen wrench that also came with the piercing valve. So the job of the piercing valve, as the name says it, it's going to pierce a hole in the tube so you can add the Friant through there. But at the same time, it acts like a valve that you can open and close to add Friant to remove Friant or to check the levels of Friant. Let's make sure that it's real tight. So let's go ahead and uncap it and add the conversion valve. In our case there is no Friant on the system, but as you can see this is where you open and close the valve. But let's say in your case you do have Friant on the system and you want to verify how much Friant is left on your system. This is the perfect time to add the gauge and then open the valve. And remember you want to have your fridge on, meanwhile you do this. So now that you have determined how much Friant you need, now we can go ahead and add Friant to this bad boy. So let's go ahead now and take the Friant can and connect it to the recharge hose. And always remember to refer to your owner's manual for Friant quantities. And the best way of doing this is adding it by burst and then checking with your gauge to see what amount of Friant has been added to the fridge. And like that you won't overcharge it and then have to take off Friant later on. Once you reach your desired Friant level, now we can go ahead and close the valve, remove the adapter and now add the cap back. So now you just show that fridge who's the boss. And don't forget to like the video, subscribe if you have any questions, play some in the comments section below. Follow us on social media. Thank you for watching.