 Welcome back to my pantry. So if you haven't seen here before, welcome to this wonderful pantry. And if you have, welcome back. I've been on for a couple of days because my computer was down, I've had camera issues. It's been kind of a fun deal. So what I'm making today, I think you guys are really going to like this. This is one of my all-time favorites. And my husband's daughter is having a baby. And so of course, I'm going to cook up some meals for her. So she doesn't have to worry about it when she gets home from the hospital. So this is what I requested from my mother-in-law when I was having a baby. And I got to have that every time I came home. And I did it from my daughter and now I'm passing this on. So it's chicken spaghetti. It's not exactly what you're thinking, though. You're going to see it's quite different than any other spaghetti. I think you've seen, well, at least you've seen me do. So what I thought is I cooked a whole chicken in this pot. I let it get cold overnight. Actually I put it outside. It was 18 degrees outside. So it didn't freeze, but it sure made it cold enough to skim all the fat. I saved the stock. And the stock, you want six cups of stock. So you can do box. You can do pre-dice chicken. It doesn't really matter. And then you have two cans of cream and mushroom soup. So what I'm going to do is add my chicken. And we'll get that going. I've diced up a green bell pepper, a half of a red bell pepper, a whole yellow bell pepper. You want two jars of tomatoes. I really love. OK, if you can get them open, you can use my drawer opener. Wow, maybe not. Huh, we have to work on this. There's one. This one's not going there. OK, I'll run that underwater. Anyway, going on here, I did the whole chicken, but you want about four cups of chicken. So I'm guessing that's about right. This is so good. It makes like a casserole consistency. It's just, it's not spicy. It's very comforting. It's just a great meal to eat. Throw it in a foil pan. It's like drop things. Throw it in a foil pan. Take it to a pot. Look how many you want. So it's kind of soupy. I mean, it's really pretty soupy in there. So you're going to drop all your veggies that you finely chopped. I try to chop them about the size of the tomatoes. So everything is in the same size. We've got mushrooms, per meeting mushrooms, to carry that mushroom flavor on in. And you can see it's still really soupy, right? Actually, what we want, the snails in. And you can get away with one jar of them, and it wouldn't be the end of the world. I'm going to still try to get this on over. Okay. So it's really pretty as far as the presentation goes, too. I'm going to put this on the stove. I don't know if you can see it. Yeah, you can. I'm going to put this on the stove, bring it up to a boil, and then I'll show you what I'm going to do next. Don't miss out. This is really fun. All right, you guys. All right, you guys, I'm back. And I have, of course you know I'm back. I brought this up to a boil. It's just kind of simling right now. And what I want to do now is probably surprise you a little bit. I'm going to add one pound of one pound of uncooked spaghetti. So I'm not going to cook this. This spaghetti is going to cook in that sauce and absorb all that flavor. It's delicious. So I go ahead and break it. And I add it down. You're going to have to really move this around so you don't end up having a big clump. But it absorbs everything. It takes a little bit of time. But it's so worth the wait. And then you have this big casserole type thing. This will be enough for them and us. And I did also did two casseroles, chicken casseroles in the oven, where I ground off chicken. And I've got them in golden mushrooms soup with more community mushrooms over rice. I get jasmine rice and it's going to be really good too. So as you know, I don't cook on Monday or Tuesday. So I'm at the school 11 hours and there's no cooking when I get home. I'll heat something up for my husband. But no cooking. So this is the cooking day. And the last of this spaghetti. And you think, how in the world is that going to work? The first time I made this, I thought that is not correct. She told me wrong. And I tried to do it my way. And it wasn't the right way. This is exactly how you do it. Right. So you just get that down in there and let it kind of settle in that sauce. Make sure you try to break it apart a little bit so the spaghetti doesn't stick together. And there you go. And you just start every so often. You're going to have to come in here and stir this. And what I do is I get a fork after I initially get it in. I just get a fork and start working it in. So we're going to let that simmer on medium until all that liquid is absorbed. And you've got this delicious chicken spaghetti. And I will bring you back when that happens to you tube style. So I just thought I'd share how it's coming along. It's only been about, oh, I don't know, five minutes or so. But you can see the spaghetti is already starting to bend. And that's when you can really get in here with the fork and break it up. And make sure there's none sticking together. One time I did ignore this. I just put it in there and I kind of ignored it. And I ended up with a bundle of spaghetti in the middle that was stuck together. And it was like, ah, I mean, it worked out. But this is just how you avoid that. So I just thought I'd share how it's coming along. You can already tell it's starting to soak up some of that. And make liquid, which is from the vegetables. The chicken stock is just delicious. I can't wait. Okay, you guys, my chicken spaghetti is done. I've got a little bit on my plate. This is the perfect consistency that you want. Everything is covered in the sauce. It's just delicious. Now, in this casserole dish, I made two of these. This I put down in the pan. I put down two cups of jasmine rice. You could use small small, you could use just plain white rice, brown rice. It really doesn't matter. That's what happened to have. So two cups of the rice, a small divine. And then you've got your chicken that you browned. You browned that chicken off. I chopped up a bunch of kermini mushrooms to add in here and I added two cans of golden mushroom soup. Okay? And to cook with, this is just fabulous, as well as three cups of water. So I knew I needed four cups of some kind of liquid to absorb into that rice. So it ended up perfect amount with the two cans. And I'm going to taste it for you and let you know how I did. I made two of these, one for us and one for Michael Dottor, for when she gets home from the hospital. And he makes that some rice. Oh, it smells wonderful. Mmm. Wow. That's really, really good. And we are chicken. Mmm. And I just browned it salt and pepper. It's good to go. And then the chicken spaghetti, which is my all-time favorite, because I truly hope you try this recipe because it is fabulous. Okay, let's see what we got. Maybe. I'm going to buy the chicken. And the pasta, but not the whole plate. Okay, pasta is not easy to eat on YouTube. Here we go. Going in. Mmm. Wow. That is so good. It's just perfect. It's very comforting. It's not spicy, so that will be good for the babies. Mmm. Mmm. So I hope this inspires you to cook ahead. Enjoy what you're doing. This only took me literally from start to finish a couple of hours, although I did cook the chicken spaghetti chicken yesterday. But come home, Zonet, cut up all the vegetables, get everything done in those two castorals. It really was only a couple of hours. And we have meals for two families for quite a while. Anyway. So I hope you come back. I've got tons of videos planned. And I just want you to be a board. And I hope that you rate and give me a thumbs up if you like this one. All right, YouTube. I'll see you next time. God bless.