 In today's video, I'm going to show you how to make dairy-free vegan ice cream at home with less than four ingredients. Hey guys, it's Dr. Mona and in today's video, I'm going to show you how to make ice cream at home. If you're not plant-based or you're not versed with vegan terminology, we like to call this ice cream nice cream and ice cream get it because it's nice and compassionate and we don't hurt any animals. That's where it comes from. So there's so many different variations of nice cream and this video is going to blow some of your minds because I remember when people told me how easy it was to make it at home, I'd be like, okay, making ice cream at home sounds like a whole thing and it sounds difficult. It's literally so easy, it's a no-brainer. When I've made it for my non-vegan friends and even my really, really unhealthy friends who just like amazed at how good it is. Even if you don't necessarily want to eat this, if you have someone in your life you want to be healthier, like you could make this for your two-year-old. Almost, it's pretty much the exact same thing as like a fruit smoothie but it looks like ice cream and we're going to teach you how we can make it feel like ice cream. Here's the ingredients we need. We've got frozen bananas, a little bit of plant-based milk, this would be coconut milk, almond milk, cashew milk, hemp milk, rice milk, whatever you want. I like using coconut milk and then we've got a little bit of cacao. I'm using the cacao because I want it to taste like chocolate, chocolate's my favorite flavor. You could really make this your own. All you need for this are these two ingredients. So the banana and a little bit of milk are like your base ingredients. Anything you do after that is just added. If you wanted to add some raspberries and strawberries, you could make this more of like a sorbet. Adding the cacao is going to make it literally like chocolate ice cream. Remember cacao is where chocolate comes from, comes from the cacao plant. This naturally has zero sugar so it's basically just giving you antioxidants and chocolate flavor with no sugar and the banana is what's going to sweeten it. Banana is really the base of this. We're going to use a good amount. I'm going to use two bananas. I like to freeze bananas and put them back in with this plastic. You can put them in chopperware or whatever is easier for you. And then like a half a tablespoon of cacao to start. It's always better to start a little and add. With the coconut milk or any milk, just few of very small amount first because you don't want to make it too thin. You can't go backwards after that. Also depends on how thick you want it. If you like really like thick creamy ice cream, you're going to use a little bit of milk. If you want it a little bit thinner and like more like soup, you can add more. Just adding a touch. I have some other spices here. I thought this would be kind of cool to add, especially for fall, a little bit of pumpkin pie spice. So pumpkin pie spice, you could literally make it home. It's just cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, cloves and cardamom. Those ingredients are really going to give you that fall feel so you could get cardamom. If you get some ginger, some cloves, just like everything I read off. And then I like to add cinnamon because I love cinnamon. Adds so much flavor. It helps regulate your blood sugar. And if you're worried about the sugar in the bananas, the cinnamon is going to combat that. Also remember, there's a lot of banana in this, but think about the regular ice cream you'd be eating at home. It's processed with actual cane sugar and dairy and all that. This is just the best way you could do it. So now we're going to start on low. I'm using a Vitamix here and I'm just going to slowly increase it. Okay, so when it gets a little bit thick like that, don't add more milk because it might get runny. I recommend using one of these. This kind of smooths it out or even taking your spoon and just kind of mixing it around a little bit, giving it a little turn. And you're almost like mashing it yourself. For I even put this into a bowl, you can see this is kind of the consistency. It's thick because you know ice cream you want to be a little more firm and you can just dip your spoon in and see if you want it to be a little thicker or thinner. You guys, this is so good. It's literally ice cream and you saw it was no ingredients. I'm just so excited right now. I tried to keep it really simple because I just wanted to show you like literally the base. You could also add an almond butter if you wanted to get fancy. You could add in some shredded coconut or top it with coconut, but it's literally so easy. Honestly for anyone with kids like or nieces or nephews, be like, do you want some chocolate ice cream? And it'll be like, of course, and then give them this. You could even really impress kids and tell them they can have ice cream for breakfast because it's the same exact thing as a smoothie. This is what it looks like. Now another thing you could do if you really want it to be more icy is put this in a chopper where it's throw it in the freezer for an hour. I kind of like it just like this. This is so good for you. You're getting the antioxidants. It's heart healthy. It's great for your skin. You're getting the healthy fats. Coconut, chocolate, banana, ice cream. You guys please try this at home and tell me how you like it because it's honestly so easy. I'm kind of excited to see your reactions. Okay, one minute. A few moments later. Okay, try this at home. If you do, leave it in the comments and let me know how you like it. If you are already a nice cream fanatic and you have your own recipes, also leave them in the comments. Let me know when you have questions you have on this recipe. Please like, comment, and subscribe and I'll see you next time.