 How does broccoli grow? There are two main types of broccoli grown on this farm, crowns and purple sprouting. Both are grown from a seed. Broccoli crowns grow all through the warm spring and summer months because they don't like cold weather conditions. Unlike purple sprouting broccoli, which thrives in colder weather. To grow both types of broccoli, the seeds are first planted in these trays, along with some fertile compost. The seeds are then taken to a specially heated greenhouse, where they will grow into small broccoli plants over the winter. The seeds are watered regularly, the trays are raised off the ground to allow the water to drain through, as too much water isn't good for the plants. Then all the broccoli plants need is sunshine to help them grow. Both purple sprouting and broccoli crowns have to be kept in the greenhouse until spring, as it is too cold in the fields for them to grow. About three months later, when the plants are strong enough and the weather is a little warmer, the broccoli is ready to be planted outside. At this farm, an amazing 35 million individual broccoli plants are grown each year. Before they are planted, the soil needs to be prepared to provide the broccoli with the best conditions to grow. The farmer uses this big tractor to turn over the soil and adds fertilizer to make it good and rich. A baby broccoli plants are dropped into the ground and then secured in the soil with the help of this clever planting machine. They need to leave plenty of space between each one to give the broccoli room to grow into a mature and healthy plant. Broccoli needs plenty of water to grow. In this country, we get just enough rain to keep the soil wet. The broccoli plants use their roots to get the water from the damp soil. When you eat broccoli, you are eating the bud of the plant. If the broccoli wasn't harvested, it would eventually turn into a yellow flower. At the seed house, they let the broccoli buds turn into flowers on purpose so the flowers will eventually produce seeds. They use these seeds for next year's production.