 Hello folks, Scott with Dallas Pan Correction and Auto Detailing. It's Monday night, just got home from work and I'm making a couple videos for some people. Some people ask me, Scott, that aerosol can by super clean, that the grease on an aerosol can seems like it could make my life a little bit more convenient. Now when I first got my hands on it, I wasn't sure if that was going to be true or not. I'm not a huge fan of aerosols to begin with. I've used foam cleaners for wheels and stuff and usually they're just not all that effective and it seems like you go through a lot of the product when you use it. But I wanted to show another area where I'm using the aerosol can by super clean. And again, I wish company like McGuire's had a can of super degreaser. I think it should have been done a long time ago and I'll tell you why. Now with this floor mat here, yes, let me move this camera so I can see what I'm doing. I can't always see what I'm doing. Yes, I can use super clean mixed 4-to-1, right? That's typically where I want it when I'm working on pretty heavy-duty greasy grimy stuff. And what happens when I use this stuff if I'm completely transparent with myself? And it doesn't matter if even if I'm using McGuire super degreaser or they're all purpose cleaner diluted at 4-to-1, 3-to-1 to make it stronger, I tend to find myself and I'd be willing to say a lot of you guys do the same thing. We're all human beings. When I spray this floor mat with a fluid cleaner, I tend to be overly aggressive with it. I use a lot of the product because what happens is when it lands on these flat surfaces, it wants to run down in these grooves, right? So a part of your brain tells you, oh, spray some more product because you're losing some down in the grooves. Maybe that doesn't make sense to you, but I'm awfully transparent, not as with myself. Sometimes I find myself doing that and I may indirectly be going through a lot of product. So what I did, a subscriber asked me, Scott, where have you been using super cleans, aerosol can, and what ways is it effective and why to you? Because it's 6.99, does that make sense? Well, I tell you what, I've been using this can for almost two weeks now and I probably have a little bit over half of the can left. I am so impressed with its ability to give me enough cleaner in that foam form, yet a lot doesn't seem to be taken out of the can. It's a winner for me, that's working for me. Now when I use it on a floor mat like this, this whole, this floor mat is hammered. I'm going to explain to you why I think it's great for a case like this. Now if the floor mat wasn't all that hammered, you may not have to be all that aggressive. It may not make even sense to me. I may not use it for this. But here I go. I'm going to spray it on this mat and I'll show you why I like it. Now I'm going to be aggressive with it and spray a lot, right? And what's so interesting to me is one, I don't have fluid flowing all over the place. I'm not getting the ground all wet. Again, it's not going to make or break your world. But what's cool about it is the cleaner is staying on the flat surfaces. If it was a fluid or free flowing fluid, it would be able to go down in the grooves. To me, maybe I overthink everything. It's probably true I do, but I'm effective. I always want to be effective. So what I'm noticing is that it's breaking down the grease and grime. It's not running in those grooves. And what I can do is simply go on with my brush. I actually like tough and chime brushes for tires. I love it on floor mats. I love to handle for it. And I'm going to go in here and just simply add to take. Now, I don't know if you're noticing or not. I'm not slinging fluid all over the place. It's not getting back on me. It may not make sense to you, but it does to me. It just keeps the product where I want it to be. And that's why I find it. Great indoor jams, great engine days, great on floor mats. I'm mobile. I'm doing this outside. I actually borrowed this floor mat from a junkyard to see if I can get it clean. I may have to go over twice, but let's see what it does. I'm giggling, so I because that's unbelievably effective to me. Now to be completely transparent, there are some spots that were pretty heavy that didn't get it the first time. But that typically happens with a lot of degrees. I don't care. I've been using the Maguire Super Degreaser for years. So what I'm going to do is just concentrate on those areas and see if I can get it one more time in those spots that maybe need a little bit more agitation. Maybe I wasn't as diligent. And I'm just going to hit it and I'm going to go in and try one more time. I love it. It stays where I want it to be. It's not running away from me. Again don't you wear gloves. Don't be a moron like me. I'm going to rinse that off. Again, that's awfully impressive to be able to use. I love it. The next little thing I've never discussed this before, I've talked about when you're cleaning rubber floor mats and you get fluid on them if you're cleaning them outside or using a power wash or whatever method you want to do. I like to tip them up and let them drain. So I want to try to control any type of water spots I can get on that mat, especially if I'm working mobile on my outside and direct sunlight. I want to show you this tool. I've talked about it so many times by X-Power, little handheld blower. What I'll do sometimes so the mat won't get water spots if I'm working on the car and I leave these outside. I'll just do this. Now what I have is now I have a bowl. I won't get any water spots on it. But to me folks, that aerosol can, door jams, floor mats when I first applied it, you notice it wasn't running all over the place. I'm not going through a lot of it. It makes a lot of sense for me. I would love it if other companies would make a degreaser in a spray can formula would be great. Here's the other deal because I'm always using super clean 4-to-1. If I come across a hammered mat like that, I may want to use it full strength but I maybe I don't want to have another bottle mixed up full strength. I'm just going to grab the can and just make sense. It's so quick to be able to dial in a floor mat and just move on. Just wanted to show that for that subscriber, Scott, where else do you use the can? I think it's a winner there on floor mats. I appreciate it guys until next time. Love one another.