 I'm John the Builder and welcome to my world. Hi I'm John the Builder and today we're going to talk about crown molding. Everybody loves crown molding. I'm going to roll it around the ceilings in your house. This saw can tilt this way or this way on any angle I want but they already have it preset to the angle that we need. The angle that we need to make a 45 degree cut is right there. 33.9 degrees. I don't know how to figure it out but they did figure it out. And then you'd have to set the saw here. Get a little bit of this on a 31.62 degree angle. I'm going to reverse this whole thing to 33.9 degrees on that side. If you put them together they make a perfect seam. An outside corner uses all the same angles but I would cut into the wood. And this piece slides in here. You have to fiddle around with it a little to get it tight. But there you can see we've got a nice tight seam on an inside corner because this is a good 90 degree corner. It's a good house. In order to measure for crown holding we took a piece of scrap crown and we made some marks on where we want the bottom to basically be. The ceiling sometimes goes up and down and in that case you're going to have to do a few things skim the top of the molding or not. Measure from inside the corner along that line to the outside corner. In this case it's just shy of 42.5. That's the bottom of the piece. I'm going to mark it at 42.5 on the flat bottom. Nice square little mark. After we make the mark at the left side which is an outside corner we slide the piece over. And so we see the mark. So that pencil mark is not quite all the way to the saw because I'm going to make two cuts to get this right. I'm going to make the first cut within a quarter inch of the mark and I'm going to make the second cut right so it touches the mark. And it has to touch the mark on the back side all the way down here with the mark intersects the back. You always have to be careful and cut it a little bit long first and work your way to the mark. Nobody can do it perfect the first time. And if you cut it short no matter how many times you cut it it's still going to be short. When I put this piece up I want to put both pieces up at the same time to make sure that that outside might have worked and this piece isn't too long and too short and the other piece isn't too long to show it. When I first started in this business I worked for one of the best guys in a home building business and he used to tell me and all the Italian guy and he used to tell me two men do a cop and to make. Two men do a cop and to make because you really need two guys to do just about everything in cop and tree. I put this piece in online here. I know that inside might as going to work because I tested it with two little test pieces and bring you a piece up then. And it fits very well. So now we're going to take it back down just for a second and I'm going to put some glue on the miter. The reason you glue the miter is to hold it together because wood even though this is dried and good wood it'll shrink a little laterally with the weather and the miter opens up. It's not a very good job. So we're going to use some glue. Put it on there. New piece. Now I'm going to take the nail down and I'm going to do some preliminary nailing. I'm going to nail the miter together. Go ahead. Okay, right there. Okay, so that closes up a little before the glue sets. Now I'm just going to take a little sandpaper here. Just a little piece and just I'm not going to go round over like this. I'm just going to go on one side. Just to make sure that there's no burst sticking out and some of that saw dust actually goes into the groove, combines with the glue and makes a nice seal. All right, there you go. There's two pieces. 600 more feet to go. Not all cuts are inside and outside miders. Some are termination pieces. Some just end. And I'm going to show you here at the top of the staircase where the ceiling goes up high up the headroom on the staircase. We have an end here that has to be terminated with the old crown rolling. Let me show you how we terminate that. It's an outside mider, 90 degree outside corner, but this side piece is just the width. It's just exactly the width of this molding. This is how it would look finished. That's it for now. I'm John the Builder. Until next time, if you have a question, you can send it to astjohnthebuilder.com. And if it's a really good question, maybe we'll do a segment on it. Take care. We've got a lot of work to do here.