 Welcome to Gartri's Cooksport. I am Gartri Kumar and today I will show you how to make Indian bakery style witch puffs. This witch puff is made with vanas pati while the other type of pastry is made with butter. My ebook is available on Amazon and link is in the description box below. Please take a look. And visit my blog gartri'scooksport.com for more interesting recipes. Before making the puff pastry let's make the filling. The recipe and ingredient list are given in the description box below. Heat oil and add some cumin and onions. And when they are golden add in turmeric, red chilli powder, hing, salt and amchur. Mix it well and fry it for at least one minute on medium flame. Add mashed boiled potatoes and mix until well combined. Switch off flame and add chopped coriander leaves. Mix it well and set aside to cool. I am using dada brand vanas pati for this puff pastry. Add salt to flour and mix it. The ingredients and the procedure are given in the description box below. Please take a look. Add some vanas pati and mix it well with the flour. To knead the dough you need ice cold water. Add gradually and mix it to form a smooth dough. It may take up to 3-4 cup of water for the given quantity of flour. Once the dough comes together, knead it for 5 minutes until smooth and soft. Cover it with cling wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Now take the dough to the counter, sprinkle some flour on it and roll it into a large rectangle. I bought this wooden roller just for making puff pastry. It makes uniform thickness for the puff pastry. Once the dough is rolled out, it's time to laminate it. For each lamination you need 30 grams of dada. Apply it evenly on the rectangle and fold it as shown. Now turn the dough 90 degrees, dust with flour and roll it again into a thin rectangle. Now apply the second batch of 30 grams of dada evenly on the rectangle. Fold it again. Roll it once more. Apply the final batch of dada. After the third folding, you need to refrigerate the laminated dough for 30 minutes before making the puff pastry. Dust some flour on a baking tray and place the dough on it. Cover it with cling wrap and refrigerate. After 30 minutes, take it back to the counter and roll it into a thin sheet. Refrigerating the dough is very important. Otherwise it will be very tough to roll out. Once you have rolled it into a rectangle, slice it into 10 equal small rectangles. Now place the filling in each rectangle. Brush the sides with water. Fold it over to shape the puffs. Arrange them on a greased baking tray. Bake in the preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes or until the top is nicely golden brown. It is so crisp and very tasty. If you like it, give me a thumbs up and please subscribe to the channel to receive updates.