 Hey, so today, thanks, Evan. We are going to make some blackened fish tacos. Now, if you like extra spicy, go ahead and hit up that cayenne pepper. Remember this right now. If you do not like spicy, at all, skip the cayenne pepper. If you like a little bit of a kick, do a little bit of the cayenne pepper. I always begin how spicy that cayenne could get, but blackened fish tacos, they are ridiculous, they are so good. Don't skip one of your ingredients except for the cayenne, but you don't like spicy. Alright, let's go with face oven blackened fish tacos. Okay, so first things first, here are your seasonings. I put all the seasonings in one cup, so with these heaters spread it all over. Okay, so my fish of choice today is cod, and so you see that I have my seasoning and it's in a cup. Whatever you don't use, go ahead and save it for later. Put it in the bag or a container. So you're just going to spread your seasoning generously over your fish. Okay, let's go get it all over both these guys. Smells wonderful. So now I'm going to do the other side. I'm going to go for that. But generous, you guys, do a generous amount. Okay, not have a light hand with this. Okay, yo, I'm going to go ahead and cut these fish in half because my eye chills my smaller skillet today. I don't feel like getting the big one out, so we're going to season that other side. Okay, heat you some scissors. Okay, so because this is such a quick thing, I got my skillet going and it's so easy to get it going with butter. I'm using butter rather than oil. You guys know, okay, so you see it kind of brown in the butter, so you want your skillet to be hot in order to blacken this fish. So what I'm going to do is this nice and hot is on medium high heat, and I'm just going to add... I want a little bit hotter. So I can tell by the way I hear it because you want it to really blacken. So you're going to let it cook for four to five minutes and you don't want to overcook it. So they've been cooking for about three minutes on this side. I'm going to go ahead and flip them because they look like they're about done to me. You see you got your little blacky crisp right there, but the season's so well going to taste great. Okay, you got your little blacky. Perfect. Okay, as you can see it's quite flaky, so right at about five minutes. It's all done. Okay, so for the cilantro sauce dressing, it's going to be real simple. I just need... I have yogurt. I'm going to do a sour cream. I don't have sour cream in the house, but I just don't happen to have yogurt because I was making some yogurt, frozen yogurt. So I have yogurt rather than sour cream. If you don't have sour cream, use yogurt. I have lemons, jalapeno, and cilantro, and salt to taste. Let's go. Okay, so first things first, let's go ahead and add our lemon. I'm going to add this to half a cup of yogurt. So I'm going to add... that's a lot of juice. So we're going to do one half of that first, and then we'll go from there. Okay, I'm going to stir in that lemon. I'm going to go ahead and break that yogurt. Wow. I'm just going to go ahead and add some jalapeno and the cilantro. I like big chunks of cilantro, y'all, so if you don't go ahead and cut your smaller, and then I'm just going to add salt to taste. I guess I'm pretty much almost out of salt. But there you have your cilantro dressing. It kind of cools off the blackened fish because it is a little spicy. It has a little kick to it, but it's wonderful and a taco. Okay. Okay, you guys, I'm old school. You guys might think I'm crazy, but this is how I do my tortillas. I like them on the burner. So I just put them on the burner, and then it's set for a little bit. You can turn the fire over or turn it down. I kind of turn it up, but this is my burner that's kind of small. So I put the tortilla there. Do not try this if you haven't got this covered. But this is how my tortilla is, especially because it keeps the flavor really well. And I feel like sometimes I just don't want to use oil. So this is how I do them. Or sometimes I put them on the oven, and it's hot out here, and I don't go turn them on the oven, so this is what I'm doing. And then I just turn them over and it heats them. So there you go. And there are those wonderful fish tacos. Black and fish tacos. Yummy. They're so good, you guys. It's awesome. Maybe. All right. Thank you for watching. All right. And our black and fish tacos are done. We have the whole spread out here. There's the fish, the sauce, the tortillas. And our toppings. And then there are fish tacos. And there are wonders.