 Okay, big daddy shin. I got the world series patch. So I have my jersey right here. I'm gonna try and Inattempt to iron this on my jersey. Yeah, do I feel weird about doing this? Yes, because yes, it's an authentic jersey And I have my big daddy shin Stuff whatever but then yeah, I want to get this patch and put it on my sleeve So I think Iron on just like that. Oh man It's gonna be a good idea You know, I have no idea But this is amazing. So I probably want to peel off this stuff right here, right? Come on, do this stuff come off I don't think it really matters That's it. Let's see. Do the comment directions Repretion That's a team what I'll do my players and Bluv and website Okay, well whatever Okay, that's just gonna have to be on and I hope that's not gonna affect The You know, maybe I should what the Cam taking something off like this Okay, you know it's good. We're just gonna go for it. Okay, so what I have to do first is it's gonna go on this sleeve but I have to measure out no it's gonna go on this sleeve Where's the LA there we go, okay, so you have this line right here that I need to go straight up here But I need to find out how much It goes up on here, so take my Give this one it's about What is that Two and a quarter or two and three fourth inches from the bottom, okay, yes Over the top Same thing two and three quarters. So it's equal distance on the side. So this one I'm going to have to let me straighten it out Because that that would kind of suck right if I do it wrong So let me go this way. Yes, it's kind of dirty But what can I do? Alright So here we go Okay, so I got to put this under here seems like it's a good idea All right, so Put under just like this. Yes, and then my world series patch you go right there, okay, so Let's see Two and three quarters right up there But then two or three quarters that's not gonna do this. Okay, so basically right about the middle Is right Oh sticking already probably right there Yes, okay, is it even right there? Okay, here's a little right there. Actually looks pretty much even right there Okay, there It's two inches now, so we'll be down a little right about Two inches Okay, it's roughly around there But it's okay It's only $250 jersey, right? Okay, so have that I'm an iron going Let me make sure the corners are even the sides so here to This it's gonna be right there here to right there It is Pretty close right there cut And that's it right there Now what I need to do probably put something on top of it Like let's use this crappy shirt that I have right put over Right there. Yes, and then I am going to Put iron Oh Let's go over Get over it and see what happens Who that thing is on now now okay I know a lot of people are giving me crap. Hey, that's what how you do this. Oh, you do it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know But you know what it's after the first game in the world series. We won Got that just in turn video But now I have this patch video time to go patch on Wow this seems hot for myself I Think that's good So I Think it has to cool because it's yeah, it's pretty freaking hot Okay, what gonna come up tomorrow when I wear this Jersey Bam it's gonna be world series and Wow, it's not too crooked either I don't think it is crooked anyways big daddy ship my world series patch if I could put a world series patch on My big daddy ship doctor Jersey you could put a world series patch on your big daddy ship Jersey Yeah, anyways, I'll see you next time Hey, I know that's looks like a regular Jersey to you But now if you look on the sleeve there we go That's a world series patch. Thank you Norma anyways, so here I am big daddy ship with my World series patch on my Jersey. Thank you very much. See you next time