 Alright guys, so what we're making today is Habiscus tea. You just need a gallon of water and I use reverse asmosis water that I get from natural grocers or any other grocery store that has the water where you can refill your own containers. I do it in a glass jar. We've got the Habiscus tea which we're only going to need for about a gallon of water. I mean you don't need a whole lot. I just pretty much do a handful. Just dump it right in. Maybe do it just a little more. And then all you do is slice up some lemon. And then we're just going to put those right in. And this is organic lemon. That's why I'm using the peel in there as well. Then we just mix it around. Alright, so now what we're going to do is we're just going to put this right here in the window sill. We're going to let it soak up the sun energy throughout the rest of this afternoon. We're going to let it sit overnight and just infuse that Habiscus and lemon flavor so that we're getting all those antioxidants, all those phytonutrients that are going to help promote a healthy condition within our bodies. Habiscus tea has so many health benefits. It's known for helping to regulate blood pressure. It's a diuretic. It's good for digestion, weight loss, good for the skin. It's just one of the most highly antioxidant drinks that you can find. So replacing soda with Habiscus tea is a great option for especially for kids. You know, they want that soda. You can replace it with this. It's almost like a fruit punch. So try that out. See if they enjoy it. And get them involved in making this. You see how simple it is. And that gets them involved in creating what they're consuming and they love that. Alright guys, so I hope you enjoyed this video of how to make Habiscus tea and some of the benefits. I encourage you to go research some other benefits. I definitely didn't cover them all in this video. So just look up the benefits of Habiscus tea and see if it's something that you want to include in your daily routine. Alright, so have a great day and always remember to follow your raw intuition. Be the change you want to see. Small steps towards living better. Small steps to where I want to be.