 We're gonna do corn in the cob, like Mexican corn in the cob, but we try. So when we boil it, somehow my way, I want the leaf on. I don't know what they call the leaf. Yeah, the leaves. And Sanctuary wanted it without leaves, so we'll see how it goes. Yeah, so all you got to do is get some corn and boil it. We try to make it. And then you're gonna see the other ingredients shortly. Bye. Okay, you wait. See that? How does it look? Okay, guys, these are the ingredients, you're neat. So we get some mayonnaise. We try to get something similar. We don't know if we get the right one, the way that Mexican style. And we get red chili, where we get it? Red chili powder, Indian store. And we get something similar. They have lime and what else? This one is salted chili, seasoned chili. So we just try that, so hopefully it will. So you can either use seasoned chili or just plain chili powder. Okay. And that's the, I think that's butter, right? Liquid butter for like corn. But they use this, so we just ask them for the ingredients. And you're definitely. And the ingredients. Caso cheese. You never forget this. Get Mexican. You get it from a surmac or a Mexican grocery store. I don't know if they have a Mexican grocery store. Yeah. So much. So much. Okay. Get it from a Mexican. I'll list all the ingredients below. If you want to make this corn, Mexican style corn. Corn. Corn. And the corn is boiling, so we'll give it about how many more minutes you think? Yeah, we covered the thingy. How many more minutes? No. I don't know. Like 10 or 10 minutes. 10 minutes. Okay. Here I'm just showing you the ingredients close up. So you need a casserole. Cheese. It's a quond canso cheese. You can get it from a surmac or any other grocery store. And that's a vegetable spread. It's a forcorns and other stuff. And that's the red chili powder. You can get that anywhere in a season section. And that's the seasoned chili powder. It has lime and salt. And you'll need mayonnaise for sure. Okay guys, I forgot to season the pudding as little star in it. So I'm going to go ahead and season it and you just... Oh. Just a little. And you're done. Now, I'm going to season it. Okay, the corn already we turned off the heat now we're gonna put them on a separate place to Could it off and then We'll show you how to put the other Ingredients on the corn Check out guys be wise choosing the corn because you might end up picking up baby one We can't really use this so I'm gonna toss it out Oh Okay, yeah, I already cut the bottom and I'm gonna shred the corn Because it's a corn in a cup so you don't have to put it in a cup You can just put the ingredients on top. I'll show you that later So I'm gonna go ahead and oh shoot this is harder than Well, because it's putting the Ashokana Let me do it here Okay, I'm gonna do it here Okay That's it I'm gonna I'm gonna Put the mayonnaise on the bottom I didn't put a lot of corn but you can choose to I'm gonna use a more corn It's cooked in this It's cooked in this You have it and then gonna put a little bit of this It's a vegetable oil spray It's not butter guys it's vegetable oil spray Well 60% Okay Okay A little cheese queso cheese Smells weird but I bought this one by the taste It's a little bit untalented And you don't refrigerate the cheese by the way Well, let's leave it in a cool area Depending on how much I'm gonna use the Now I'm gonna use just a normal chili. I'm not gonna use the season chili I don't like a lot of chili And there you go And there you go you have some show you corn the cup Let me try the corn and the cup Look at this cutie pie It is cutie pie Say hi Liam We wanna try the corn and the cup Mexican style corn and the cup It's like what is that? Let me get to do it I want some but I can't eat some How is it? It's the review guys It's really good actually Oh, are we not doing the same They sell on the street of Mexican And it's really good We can't eat really fresh The ingredients Ah, it's really good Thank you