 Hi, I'm farm disabled chef Tekka Thompson at Tekka Thompson.com and today we're talking about how to cut a rosemary stem and make a new bush. So what you're going to want to do is do it in the early summer or early spring before the plant has a chance to flower. And I'm going to take these little side stalks off of the main stem and we're going to take them about 3 to 5 inches down. Let me just get my scissors here. So I'm going to cut them off about right here. And we'll take about 4 of them today. And don't worry, the places where we're cutting the plant is just going to encourage new growth and make it bush out. So I'm going to take my little plants and I'm going to set them in my little watering can so they can stay hydrated as I'm prepping the soil. So it's also good, I have something I had to tell you is I watered the plant the night before to make sure the parent plant is very hydrated before you go to cut it. So I'm going to take equal parts, coarse sand, her light. And sterile compost. And this is where we're going to plant them in. And I'm just going to mix it up. And we're going to place them in our pots. So we're going to place them all the way up to the top and I'm going to water the soil first and then I'm going to place the plants in and then water them a bit upward. So it's fine if you do it all the way up like so. Okay. So now I'm going to take out the rosemary stems that we've just cut. I'm going to water in the soil right now, get it all prepped so it's really moist. And then I'm going to take the stems about as much stem as we're going to bury. So I'm going to take the stem and I'm going to just take all the leaves off of the stem that we're going to bury. And you can completely save this for dinner tonight if you're roasting vegetables or chicken. So we're going to just take the ends off all of them. And then you're just going to place the little stem plants right down in our soil that we've prepped. Now you want to keep this real moist and you want to have it in direct sunlight because you don't want it to dry out the plant as it's trying to make new roots. And it'll take about four to six weeks. You want to check them for moisture often and then you can check for the stability of the plant to see if it's sprouting roots or not. So I'm just going to water it again in and you're good to go. Once it's fully developed new root systems, it'll have four brand new rosemary plants. I'm farm today. We'll show you how to take a Thompson.com. Today we're talking about how to make new rosemary plants from the stem. I hope that was helpful and thank you for watching.