 Hi guys! Finally I am on YouTube! Yay! And for my first recipe I'm sharing chicken, cord, done blue, one of my favorites. I've re-banned my recipe so if you would like to see how to make this, stay tuned! Alright we're starting with a chicken breast that I have butterfried and put between two pieces of saran wrap. We are getting ready to violate this chicken. It's so thick and we need to thin it out so that it's easy to roll. So let's get started on that by first breaking out our mallet, our webinar choice. And we're just gonna go in on this dude. We are just going to show him no mercy child. Beat him. Okay and as you can tell I'm beating him in different areas. I'm not just focusing on the one part of him. I need all of him to be the same thickness. So just beat all around. Right here I'm just showing you the thickness that we need. So we've beat him enough. Yeah he's good now. We can leave him alone. And here's what I'm using to stuff him with. So I'm using black for his hand and gear cheese. You can by all means use Swiss cheese but I just love this cheese in my chicken cordon blue and I don't like sweet ham in this. So I use black for his hand. Okay? Parting me. Would you have any grape upon? I do. And here's my Dijon mustard you guys that I'm using. Don't know what happened to my little brush thing but let's phone the work. I'm using that to spread on my chicken. And there he is. Y'all I'm from Louisiana and I'm a Cajun girl. I had to add a little bit of tonies. I needed it. I had to do it. Not a lot because the ham of course is salty enough. So flipping that over and this is the side that I'm actually going to stuff. I'm going to add some of that grape upon which would have been so much easier if your girl would have found that brush. Whatever it is look at me struggling with that phone. God bless it. And now adding my ham making sure it's all pre spread out. Come on. Give it a go. I hate it now the cheese. Girl don't be stingy a guy. Sorry you too. Don't be stingy with this cheese y'all. God I have my cheese. So good. Now y'all this is my struggle. Look look look. I couldn't let y'all see me go out like that. Hold on. Now I got it together. A different little angle. And now let the rolling begin. Look look look. I could have backed up a little bit. Y'all but look. Pray for me. I got it though. I got it. Make sure you roll it tightly. So that it looks like this. Ain't a cute look. I got it all tight. Ready to go. Yes God. And now the breading station. The fun part. This is just some basic all purpose vialer. Nothing major. I seasoned it with a little onion and garlic powder. And this kind of see it a little bit up in the air. Now to egg some splash and milk. I'll have measurements down in the description. Check that out. And give it a good little list like so. And now I use some pink gold breadcrumbs. But you can use any type of breadcrumbs season whatever. I just seasoned some season needs with some time as you can see there. But any breadcrumbs you choose are fine. Look who's back to join the party. And here I have stuck some toothpicks and then some sticking some toothpicks in them. So they want to embarrass me in front of y'all and follow apart. But be careful with these toothpicks. Because if you poke yourself I am not liable for any injuries. So please I want you to be careful. Be careful. Okay so about this party. Yeah I'm trying to be all cute with these tongs and they want me working out. Mm-hmm. Watch what I do. I have sounds of that. Get your fingers in there. It's alright. I tried. But make sure you cover everything. Get all in a little little bit of the look and crannies. Get them covered. Coded well. Okay now I'm cute again because I hate the feeling of that egg on my fingers. I can't say get. Give me those tongs back. Dip them in there. And now into the breadcrumbs. I'm cute again. Got my tongs. Which I'm stunt and so hard y'all because for those other two I'll put those things down and just roll dead little sucker with my fingers. It worked. And now I'm letting them rest for a minute. I've traumatized them enough. They went through so much in that little process. Bless their little hearts. But yeah that's how it's looking. Fully coated. And during this time while I'm letting them chill I have some vegetable oil heating up and my cast iron skillet. You don't have to use a cast iron skillet. But it's my favorite. It's my baby. I love it. But just make sure you have an oven safe skillet because that's where these guys are going in a minute. But I have it on like medium high heat and I want to brown all sides. Two to four minutes per side just to get a nice golden brown color on these babies. Yeah. Okay and here they are on that last side. That's two. I think I did about three minutes per side. On each side and now they are ready to go in the oven for about 15-20 minutes. My chicken was pretty big so just watch it and make sure you don't overcook it. Okay so now I'm a sauce girl. I get lost in the sauce. I love making sauce. So that's what I'm doing now. I just melted some butter and added some minced garlic. Saltate that for about a minute. Don't burn that garlic girl guy you too. I'll get it together. Now I'm adding some heavy cream. Gotta have that heavy cream. Bring it to a little simmer. Okay off camera I seasoned it with a little salt and cracked pepper. You can kind of see just then I added the juice from half of one fresh lemon. Just add a little freshness. There's some dry basil added that and now just bring it to a simmer. Okay now let's come to a simmer and I'm adding some grated Parmesan. I like the great intro and my cheese is myself so I just bought a block and I'm also adding the remainder of that grater that I used earlier. Adding that right now that I mentioned I'm winging this sauce like I had no idea what I was about to do or going to do. That's why you have to pray before you cook because it made the difference. This sauce was amazing. Okay now your sauce is basically done just you know taste it and adjust the seasonings if need be. Here I'm adding some fresh Italian parsley and some chopped basil as well. I love those too and the sauce will thicken as it stands. I'm gonna close fresh out of the oven looking all good and done. Make sure you check that meat. Do not serve raw chicken. No sick folk around here okay. And more done guys I let it rest before I slice it for about 10 minutes and I'll look at that oh gosh it was so good. I really really really hope you try this. I enjoyed making it so much so you thought I forgot to put myself on there on the umbo and I have my garlic mashed potatoes as well. You want to rest a paper that let me know I'll do it. But again thank you thank you thank you so very much for watching please subscribe put that button if you haven't already and shout out to my Facebook family that are over here watching my video thank you guys for your support um again like comment share tell your people send them my way I want to cook for you guys and if you have any recipe requests or anything talk to me in the comment section and check out that description box for the full recipe again thank you guys so much stay tuned have a lot more comment warmly