 One journal, my name is Milko Lafla. I'm the chef owner of Milko's A Taste of Europe and Voorhe is New Jersey. Many people ask me, chef, how do we do Italian sweet sausage links? Well, let's do our sausage. First thing, you take the mild slash sweet Italian sausage links. I got a pot called water. Put your sausage links all in it. And let's turn it on. Get this all going. Our sausages are now simmering or boiling. We're going to remove them. We have such a beautiful flavor. So, we'll put this away and take a zote pan. What we need is some olive oil, virgin extra virgin olive oil. The sausages are now 3'4'2'2''. They are still juicy inside because they hit them in liquid. Right now, our pan is going to get nice and hot. Turn the heat up a little bit. Let's put the sausage in here. So, long wait for our sausage to get nice golden brown now. We're going to start our onions. On one side, we're going to pour all nice onions. They're nicely baked. I'm going to add my garlic into it. Down to overcook your sausage. You don't want to have a dried sausage. Just give it some good color. Just like we do now. Golden brown. Our onions are now caramelizing. That means they're getting a little bit brown. Oh my goodness. Now the sausages are now releasing a little bit of their juices. So now we're getting the onions flavoring the sausage, but the sausage, the flavoring of the sausages is now flavoring the onions. So we have some really good stuff going on here. Now, we're going to finish this up now with some peppers. We put our peppers in. We don't want to put the peppers too early. Pepper's got a lot of sugar. So, we don't want to burn them, or we don't want to overcook them either. We want to have still a little bit of crunch on there. You've got to need a little bit of pepper. I prefer cracked black pepper and a little bit of kosher salt. I love a little bit of cumin. It's like a melody. It's song. It's beautiful. I finished it up with some nice flat parsley or some basil. It's okay. Oh, you got some action going here. Now, this is real, real cooking. I'm telling you. You just got to keep it all in a pan. Our sausages are now great. Our peppers just cooked. Hot, beautiful. I'm going to plate this up right now. I'm so excited. I'm so crazy about this. I love sausages. I'm born German, but can you say it? But look at these sausages. Aren't they gorgeous? Look at this. This is gorgeous, right here. Like this. Once you've done cooking, always turn off the flames. Let's put this all over, all over it goes, all over it. The sweetness, the sweetness of the peppers. Look at this. This, where are you? There they are. Sossages made in heaven. What can I say? This is Mold de Bohne, Namanja. My name is Mirko Leflop. For Mirko's Taste of Europe and Voixie is New Jersey. Visit my website on the www.mirko'stasteofEurope.com and you find much more just like this. So, bon appetito. I see you soon again.