 Hello again this is Wayne. We're starting on our second week of our build build the bird house condo and we're coming along pretty good. I think if you remember last week we have nothing but a bunch of boards where were we last week. I believe we had the interior walls done on pretty much the bird house sections all all of the sections put together. This week we're going to start out by making the front and the backs of the bird house and then we'll finish off by putting the roof on. I think it's going to be a real interesting show. I'd like for you to subscribe if you haven't so far. here's a real quick shot of the front of the bird houses all laid out here and you can see all nine holes that I've got drilled for the different compartments and apartments. Maybe that's a better way to say it. As you saw just a moment ago I was drilling the entryway and now the lady who wants this bird house built says that she wants a perch under each one of these openings. I've heard both ways that birds do not need a perch. The thing in this scoot right in the hole without any problem. I've heard that sparrows can get into a bird house with or without a perch. Swallows, that's a different story. They like to squeeze into the tiniest little hole they can because predators can't get in there so easily and there's lots of small birds that are predators for for swallows. So I'm trying to determine in my mind how far below the the entry hole I should put the perch. These bird houses are about five and a quarter inches wide and so I could have done the math and figured it out but me being such a lazy bum I just put a mark here one inch down from the hole. That's what I decided I was going to use for the distance from the bottom of the hole one inch. Okay, instead of doing math I just line one end of my ruler up on one side of the board and six inches on the other side. Okay, being math and me are not very good friends. I know that three inches is halfway between zero and six and I know that here is one inch down from the hole so I just line up my all right here on the three-inch mark and we have it. It's exactly centered. Pretty simple huh? Well we've got one more session done. Got the front on the center piece and the two next sections. Got the holes drilled for everything. It's starting to look like a bird house. Get the next section on the end and the roof and I believe it'll be ready to sit on the base and then send it home to its new home. Hopefully they lack it a whole bunch. First of all I've made a little base block that's that right down here on the bottom of the outside and the last section of the bird houses. Then I cut some little three-quartered by three-quartered blocks and this one will be attached to this base plate and I'll glue it and screws screws in from the bottom first. Then after that I set it here against these uprights and then I have three drilled holes here and then I will screw it into this and put a little glue behind each one of these. Okay our base is then attached to the bird house. The next thing that needs to be done is to put the other block like this don't glue it or anything put it put your end piece against it and then of course put a clamp on it and let's put a spring clamp so you can see what I'm doing. Okay then mark it, square it up in the market here then you can take this and put your glue in and then I screwed it in from the outside of the end wall after gluing it. Then you can set it back onto your base piece and then screw down through here or you can go from the bottom up and screw into this block and everything is secure and you have two pieces here on this end for that you can screw up through the bottom of the base into these blocks and your whole bird house then is attached securely. The front wall of the bird house I owned up the hangout for the roof on this yeah but the front wall then will be screwed to all of this assembly and then that'll give it one more point of attachment. Well there we have it glued together and screws all put in now I'm ready to put the front and back on and this end will be done. Well there we are all assembled except for putting the roof on and the base so after lunch I think I'll start putting the roof on. It's getting close. And there you have it the main build is complete. I've got a couple of details to finish up on it but on all it turned out to be a pretty nice looking bird house. We're looking at the back of the bird house and if you'll notice I've got eight section screwed together so that you can take any one section apart from the back and clean out the nests at the end of the season. Well that'll be it for this week. It's been a real challenge to build this. I hope that you will branch out and try to do something like this on your own. In the last time I checked I had 30 or so hours into building this. It wouldn't have taken so much time had I just went down to the lumber store and bought the lumber but I decided that I would just go with making it out of polywood just to prove it could be done. Okay this is Wayne signing off for the What's Upwind channel and I hope you have enjoyed this presentation. We'll see you next week with something else a little bit crazy and off the wall. Goodbye for now.