 Alright, what's up? Today I'm going to show you guys how to Laminate your own stickers. So what you're going to need is I've actually your printed stickers or hand drawn, whatever you want to Laminate. And you want to get some of this Laminate paper. When you peel it, it's just a clear overcoat for your stickers. You can get it at a DHL for free. But I got mine off a secret website where I also get all my colored and non-colored glossy matted paper sticker paper from. So I also got this from there. So what you need is this, which I just said, your sticker paper. Some smooth surfaced. I'm using a table thing that hooks over your table. And also something to smooth it out. So there's no bubbles. I'm just using a cardboard. Alright, sorry about that. Guys, the camera turned off. But you're also going to need a cardboard, which I just said. And so let's get into it. So what you want to first do is put your stickers that you want to laminate down onto the surface. And then what you want to do is you want to peel back your paper. Just start peeling the back a little bit. Like so. And then what you want to do is fold back the part you just peeled from. Like that. So it's just like that. Just fold it back. And then kind of hold on. And then just stick it. Make sure it's lined up and everything. Alright, sorry about that again. That was my dad that time. Alright, so now once you have it lined up, you should make sure you get all the air bubbles out of this top part. Or you see I stuck it on. Now what you want to do is you want to take this back part right here, which you folded. And you just want to do this. Hold it underneath on the flaps. Then put your cardboard or whatever down. And you want to push your cardboard. Let's get a better view on this. You want to push the cardboard and pull back here at the same time. So actually I'm going to do it with my right hand with the cardboard. Like this. And just keep checking to see if you got it good. And like that. There you go. It's nice and laminated. And then just cut them out. As you can see I kind of messed up down here. You can not really tell. You can see back here. Back. See how it's folded right there? Which means it's going to focus. But there's air bubbles. I can see right there. But yep. That's still pretty good. It's only on these two stickers. But it's pretty good. So that's how you want to make your stickers. Thanks for watching. Peace.