 Alright, hello everyone. Today we're going to try to take a pretty rusted up cast iron frying pan. We're going to try to re-condition it to make it almost like new again. And we're going to do this by using a piece of a potato and some common salt. So what we're going to do is we're going to take two tablespoons of salt, but in this frying pan. And this one's in pretty rough condition. I already did one this morning, it wasn't quite as bad. This one here, as you can see, is quite a bit of a rusted on it. So we're going to start taking some potato. This kind of enough moisture in here. Now, it won't be as good as it is. Take up the salt. And as you can see, it's already starting to peel the rest of them. So what we're going to do is we're going to keep doing this before I continue on this. I'll show you one that wasn't quite as bad as shape as this one. But as you can see, this one here is pretty well cleaned. The only thing I have to do now is go back and re-season it and I'll show you how to do that later. So right now I'm going to continue scrubbing on this thing. And I'll be back and show you how much it's improved later. All right, we've been scrubbing on this thing for about 10 minutes now. As you can see, that potato itself has pulled a lot of the rust off of this. So we're going to rinse it and see where we are. Probably going to have to go back and scrub some more because I'm quite sure this thing is not as clean as I would like to. Okay, now I'm back. And this is after about an hour of working on it. I find that it's now time to add a little step to it other than just a plain old potato, which was a 50% vinegar, 50% water, and let it soak for a little while to break some of the rust loose. I'm going to work on it just a little bit more. I still see a little rust around the edges and stuff. And then when I come back, we're going to go and show you how to season it. All right, so I'll be back in a few. Anyway, we've got a few remaining roots in this thing out. You get most of it. Get them out of it. And then, you're going to go in a little bit. Just so you can see where you're at. Now, it's starting to look a little better, but it's still going to take quite a bit more work. So I'll be back later after I've worked on it some more. Okay, for this next part, you're going to go ahead and preheat your oven to 400 degrees. You'll get your cookie sheet and covered with aluminum foil. This is going to be a cat's pan that goes underneath your frying pan. You're going to pour some vegetable oil into the pan. And I'm going to get it coated around, coat it around, get inside of the pan. And I'm going to get it coated around, coat it around, get inside of the pan. Now, when you go to put this in the oven, you want to put it in upside down, not right side up, because if you put it right side up, all this oil is going to gather back to the center and make a big ol' gooey puddle. I have one more little pan over here that I did. First, this morning, before I tried this, make sure that it was going to work or try to make a video. Okay, now I got both of my pans ready to go in the oven, so I'll be back in just a minute. Alright, once your oven is preheated to 400 degrees, you're going to take your cookie sheet, put it on the bottom burner, and then you're going to take your pans and turn them upside down on the top rack. And the reason for the cookie sheet again is to catch the excess oil. That runs out the pan. Okay, now we're going to shut this up. We're going to let it cook for our bake or whatever you want to call it, we're going to let it go in the oven for 45 minutes, and then we'll be back to see the oven. Okay, it's been about 45 minutes. These pans have just come out of the oven, and they're pretty hot right now, so I'm not going to hang on until I'm very long. But you want to just wipe any excess grease out of the pan, and it doesn't take long for this thing to get hot, even with the other little one. Once you have them like the excess grease wiped out, you're just diving it, not really wiping it. Then you just let them cool, and you'll have to reseason clean cast iron front pans. A couple of safety notes is always when you're messing with the oven, and you get stuff out, have either a oven bit, or a pair of gloves or heat resistant, and be sure when you open the oven and upstand like the front of the door, I always stand to the side so that when the heat comes out, you don't get a blast of heat in the place. Okay, thanks for watching, and I hope to make another video soon.