 Hi, I'm Patty from AskAnthPatter.com. The video you're about to see will demonstrate professional cleaning products and will take the mystery out of the best way to get the results you want to achieve. My goal is to dramatically cut your cleaning time so that you will have more time for the things you love and remember just because you know how to use the product doesn't mean that you need to be the only one doing the cleaning. Here's my husband Rich to demonstrate. Today what we're going to do is show you how to get coffee out of the carpet. Coffee around the coffee machine and the commercial building, there's always coffee stains. And you know what I got to believe at home? I know it in my house occasionally. We spill coffee on the carpet and there's a way to get it out. With any type of carpet spotting that we're going to do, one of the things I'm going to always recommend and it's for safety is test the carpet for color fastness which means that you're going to use a little bit of this chemical. You're going to go to an inconspicuous area and you're going to make sure that there's no color transfer. If there's color transfer, don't use the product. And if you read the back of the label which we recommend on any product you buy, it's always going to tell you to check for color fastness. Second of all, when you spot carpet, you want to contain the stain. So you don't just squirt the chemical in the carpet because what will happen is the chemical will make the stain release and it will run to the backing. And you want to push the stain to the center and you want to have a white absorbent tile ready and ready to go so that when that stain does release from the carpet fibers, we're going to pull it out of the carpet. And that's how you spot carpet. Product we're going to use today is a tan and stain remover and it's designed to remove coffee, cola, tea, things like that. It even works very well on red wine. So if you're ready, so am I, let's get the stain out of the carpet. Okay, if you're ready to go, here's how we're going to do it. We're going to apply the product here to the stain. We're going to make sure we get enough on there. And then I'm going to use my trusty spoon. Like I said, I want to contain the spot. So I want to work the chemical in and I want to push it to the middle. And I don't know if you can see this on camera, but it's already starting to release. So like I told you, you got to be ready. You have your white tile. And what I want you to do is put pressure on the stain because what we're trying to do is draw the stain out of the carpet. You can see on the white tile that's coming out, we're going to rotate the white tile. Okay, so we don't want to release it back in there. We're going to continue to push, put as much pressure as you can on the carpet. And you can even stand on the carpet. If it's a big spot in your living room rug, you can put pressure with your feet on it. We've gotten the last of the stain out and we can fluff up the fiber a little bit and you can see the stain was removed. Welcome back. I hope you enjoyed the video. If you'd like to try this solution for yourself, I recommend purchasing the products from cleaning solution superstar.com. I've chosen them because of their great prices and the excellent customer service. If you found this video helpful, remember to share it with a friend. Thanks for watching.