 Music Oh hey! Welcome back! How you doing? This is John with the spoon and I'm cooking for poor people. Or if you prefer lean times, lean the riches helping the rich, everybody is getting bail out general moes, ice love, fanny maid, banny man, bami joe, billet woman, what about main street? What about us? Huh? We didn't take care of ourselves, why didn't you have so many fires last year? So many fires all the homes were at 4th closure, you might like it in short! I'm glad you're out here because it's a good day for me. I got my friend and we're going to play some basketball, I'm designated Cook some foods, I'm going to surprise them with our friends delicacy called Pierre de Gouchon, Pierre de Gouchon, Pig Fie, you see the love about it? You see, never pay attention, look, I love Pig Fie, oh yeah, I don't know, kids don't want this food, but I will kiss them, Pig Fie, put them, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, it ain't got nothing to do with soul food, when you rope everything, take good, Pig Fie the cheat, I'm sorry Mr. Pig, but Joe's feed my cheat, we're going to eat you, well I'm sorry, that's where you go, I'm going to show you how to cook pig speed, and don't kill my friends, you know what, Pig Fie basketball? First of all you got to wash your pig speed, you know what this is? I got to wash it over here, look at this thing, it's like this, it's anticipating these pig feet, look at this, I'm going to shake, I got them all in your clean, oh I don't want to cook soul food, I will kiss the pig, will you kiss my pig? Hell no, I ain't no kiss your foot, woman, you're telling me when the pig feet are ready? You can get your butt in that tube, alright, time to pick feet in that tube, just don't miss a pig, now what we got to do, we got to see it, I got my bag, all the urge, look at that, just we're regular, what's that baby, put the baby's cup of baby's in there, see that, put it in there, oh damn, I'm not regular, I'm not regular, I'm not regular, I'm not regular, I'm not regular, I will kiss you with the boys, nigga, oh y'all little sweet thing, pig, oh I love you so big feet, and you got to use some seasoning, see this is a gran laddy granite, that in there, generous with, generous, and then you get your stomach, gran laddy onion powder, put them in there, look at that, you little pig feet don't be cut, salt, oh yeah, and what am I doing, I'm going to cook them for about three hours while we're playing basketball, come back, I'm surprising them with Pierre Ducu show, Pierre Ducu show, move, run it so they move, I'm going to cook them right here, I'm going to cook them on stove, this is just a show off, you know, pig feet, alright y'all, I'm in bat, in about three hours, could you slow, pig feet go pig feet, alright see you in a minute, burn baby burn, burn, burn, no sucker down, woo, man I smoked them, I can't keep playing basketball, I didn't even have to take off my apron, I'm not that shooting that ball, that is fly 1962 look, you, you, you, you, you, reports, play it, alright now what am I going to do, I got a surprise for them, I have a nice delicacy, Pierre Ducu show, oh pig feet, so I'm going to give them, they're cooking now, they should be ready, oh they stand for heavy, and I put some fire potatoes in there, no one was looking, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, big cushions naive little bird of pig feet, oh they're ready too, here we go, I put them on a tray and look fat in there, come on baby, come on you're gonna speed things you, come on pig feet, don't be shy, come on for a pig's feet, oh yeah we're going to cook down, really good, and we're going to eat some too, so you get them all so yous surprised there's nothing I've known with Hotel F Ding yeah it's a particularly home Pier du Korea Pier do you The Korean Strip Hee ch Make They are so Happy There will be shots Out of my life You could be on this pfefe See, you gotta watch your feet You know, you can watch your feet, don't you You gotta watch your feet You can watch your feet You're only so good Look at that Look at that Get your butt up here Get your butt up Gentlemen I've made a delicacy, a French delicacy And we'll all have a good time This is surprise Pierre-Bude Couchon With Thunderbird Wine This is the surprise everybody At the good game of basketball Pierre-Bude Couchon Here Pierre-Bude Couchon Pierre-Bude Couchon With Thunderbird Wine All right, that's no pfefe How's he? He's good He's good He's good He's good He's good He's good He's good Yeah, he's good Get on home Believe this, he's pfefe Believe it, he's pfefefe This is Pierre, you're good, Couch Go home, he's pfefe He's pfefe He's pfefe He's pfefe Believe it, I'm not sure he's pfefe I need to pee pee my mouth, sir Look at the hell out of here I'm pfefe He's pfefe This is Pierre-Bude Couchon They're good Mmm Mmm He's pfefe No Get you some pfefe Pierre-Bude Couchon They're good They're good I don't believe this You may ask about me, sir, let you Let you win again You only pfefe I'm gonna stop I will too I'll see you all there, man With the new meal He's a Pierre-Bude Couchon No, that's not You're pfefefe