 Hi, I'm Carl with Apt and this is the Frigidaire 70-Pint D humidifier model FFAD7033R1. And if you have a room in your house that gets really humid and you get that musty sort of mildewy smell, it's especially common in basements. This is a great product to check out. This particular one will do up to 70 pints of moisture in a 24 hour period. So if you have a larger basement or a big open room that you need to dry out, this is definitely a model to consider. So it's really simple to operate. You have some buttons up on the top that control everything. You have a fan speed so you can set it at high medium or low. The higher you set it, the more rapidly it's going to draw that moisture out of the air. And you can set the humidity level that you want to maintain the room at anywhere from 35% up to 85%. You also have a delay start as well as a lock button. And then there's a clean filter indicator and there's also a bucket full indicator as well. And so you have that light on the top. You also have a bucket full indicator on the front here too. So if you're standing across the room, you can see when that bucket needs to be emptied. So the bucket just pulls out of the front here. If you don't want to use that or if this is going to be in an area where there's a drain that you can utilize, there's a little piece here on the side that you can pop up. And it comes with this little adapter that you screw on. You can put a standard garden hose on the end of it here and drain that if you want to. You have to make sure though if you're draining it, this doesn't have a pump built in. So you have to make sure your drain is at a level below where the exit is out of the side of the dehumidifier. But overall, like I said, it's really simple to operate. It does a great job and it really gets that moldy mildewy smell out of the rooms that you're putting it in. The filter is located on the back. So when it says clean filter, you just pop the filter off the back here. You can run it under some water, clean that out, put it right back in. So there's nothing that you're going to have to run to the store and buy. And it's really, really easy to do. So like I said, if you have a room that just won't seem to dry out and get rid of that smell, check these out. That's the FFAD7033R1. It's made by Frigidaire. Make sure you check it out at www.adap.com and like, comment, and subscribe on YouTube.