 Hi everybody, I'm Amanda Finks. Today I'm showing you how to make my recipe for the best classic chicken pot pie. Chicken pot pie is such great comfort food. I love making it on a cool fall night. It's got a buttery flaky pie crust and a creamy homemade filling. I like to use mostly fresh vegetables and a combination of dried and fresh herbs to give this chicken pot pie tons of flavor. Let's get started by prepping our vegetables. We need 1 cup of sliced carrots, 1 cup of sliced celery, 1 cup of chopped onion, and 2 tablespoons of minced flat-leaf parsley. Once the veggies are prepped, cut 1 pound of boneless skinless chicken breast into small, bite-sized pieces. Add 4 tablespoons of butter to a large skillet over medium heat. Once the butter is melted, add the chicken, carrots, celery, and the rest of the chicken. Celery, and onion. Add 1 and 1½ teaspoon of salt. 1 ½ teaspoon of garlic powder. 1 ½ teaspoon of dried thyme leaves. To cook this for 8 to 10 minutes until the chicken is cooked through. Add 1.5 cup of flour and stir it into the chicken vegetables until no dry flour remains. Slowly stir in 1.5 cup heavy cream. Then 1 cup of chicken broth. Cook for 3-4 minutes until it's bubbling and thick. Remove the skillet from the heat and stir in 1 cup of frozen peas in the minced parsley. Let the filling cool for a minimum of 15 minutes. Pouring hot filling into an unbaked pie crust from it for pie crust soggy. So you do want to keep it plenty of time to pull down. Sometimes I like to make the filling ahead of time and keep it in a sealed container in the refrigerator for up to 3 days until I'm ready to use it. Put 1 pie crust into a 9-inch plate. Spoon the cooled filling into the pie crust. Top with a second pie crust. Seal the edges of the crust together. Cut 3-4 slits in the top of the crust to a last steam to escape. Place the filled pie plate on a baking sheet. Bake at 425°C on the bottom of a rack for 30 minutes. The longer the pie can rest, the less running the filling will be. I typically wait around 30 minutes before slicing into it. Everything will still be hot and it will hold together nicely. Give this recipe a try. I'm sure you're going to love it. Be sure to follow me for more great recipes. Thanks for watching.