 Ae everybody how you all doing? You're Ae okay? In your neck are the woods? Yeah man, what up? What up? Manasan respect your girl man, they be from Donga Yai. Yep. Straight up. Okay, right here no, we do another video for you. We do another video, another video. It's a macaroni salad. It's a meal because it's half the end of the protein, the carbs, the vegetable. Let's watch my follow-me-nam man. Right here, man, have seven ounces of macaroni. Not seven ounces, you know, seven ounces, but that was seven ounces before it was cooked. And it was cooked during, it's called by the saccoldi, shumekena pulis. All right, to this note, we're gonna put in. Remember, I meant that you feel free enough. Guys, me and my niece got these. So feel free, remember, put in about three, three eight tablespoons of, of, of, of, of the, man ears, okay? So if one more one we incorporate, we, we will see as we go on that right here. We have a small onion, so we're going chapat. And then I don't know what a chapat is, it feels in our eyes. Guys, what we can do, I'll put it in. So we have got chapat. I want to get a little crunchiness to a dish. Right? One chapat is fine as we can. Get a much better, let me see how it's going on with our pan. We want to get it fine, fine as ever. We might not use another onion. We might just use this half. All right? As fine as possible as we can get it. Right, team. We might just use that half. We don't want too much, we don't want overpower with dish, with too much, I want something. Okay? Right here I have a piece, I read sweet pepper. I'm going to do the same thing, like what we do with the onion. But we don't want to go too much, because you know sweet pepper, it has a very nice flavor, and it can do with strong some kind, you know? So we're chapat. We don't see what the same time, we want to get it colorful and nice, nutritious. All right. Right, team. So the colour of starter already, just zooming funny. So we have a little piece, a come, partially yellow. It was green, but it stood in the fridge and it's still bright, and it got yellow, so it is yellow sweet pepper. We're going to use all of this one, because it's not a lot. Right? So as I tell you before, you know, we're trying to do a liquor, without one thing, one fat, one dish, you know, it's just a cold dish. So we want to get them, not too, too, too, too, too. Of course, we want to get them finely chopped. We're going to tell you before we're going to add the chapat in skillet, so we're going to get it myself. Okay. Look at that. Look at this. We're going to want more of our point, because remember who, when they have seven ounces of macaroni. All right? I will count my dosa, and this is a cupis of onion. How you know the salad and the chap onion, you know, it will go good. All right. I'm going to go on with our next cutting fast, fast, and I'll feel real. But in the meantime, why are you doing this? Remember to turn on your notification, remember when you're watching videos to give them a thumbs up. Feel free, if you want me to prepare any form of Jamaican dish at your chaps. Feel free to request it. We try our best to let you have it. When you're doing, in short doing, and you're watching the videos, and you feel like they deserve a thumbs up. You can do that. All right? We have one peg of garlic. We don't want to spread it so fast in here. We don't want too much garlic. Okay? All right. We have, I think it's a 450g or 425g of green peas. It has been drained, so I'm going to be writing. Okay? We have some smoked paprika. We're going to put in a little nutella, nutella, just for the flavoring. And we have, let me get out of my fun family because we have some dried parsley. And you know it is light. So we're going to put in a little our dried parsley. Zoom right in at them, see what is down here. Right in there. All right. To this note, we have three sausages from furtas that we fried off slightly. Slice them and they are cold. Remember, they are cold, they shouldn't. So we'll now put them inside of this. We're out. All of these are finished. We're getting them all the way. All right? We're going to dump in a few dashes. I will crack paper. That's it. And last but not least, we're going to dump in about that with salt. You know me on the salt? Malarically. All right. Let us start to incorporate. So you're going to start a cotton fool like. Start a cotton fool in thing. All of these ingredients that we use and they are moat. We're going to link them in the description for you. Get right in them. Remember, I'll tell you, it's a macaroni salad meal. Right? You see? Why I said meal? You guys, you want a little more mayonnaise? Straight up. Zoom right in. Right? Do I look more fully? Look at it. Look at the beauty of it inside here. All right? Okay. Hold on here. Let me do I look clean. Zoom right in. Let me see what it looks like. With the sausage and all of them stuff inside here. And it's a cold dish. So very real. You're going to serve this. Maybe long after you eat. It's a cold dish. You want beverage right over here. We have some lettuce leaves. But I think, Romeo and let is. Do a better job. You know, you don't get that board shape thing. To put that in the other plate. And then you'll just serve it. But I didn't get on to any Romeo and let is. I have to use what I have. Remember, I'm going to tell you now. I feel like I'm using your other. Feel free. So we're coming right there. No. Look at it. Going right in. Right in. Untapaiya lettuce. And then you're going to put it in the middle. And then you're going to put it in the middle. And then you're going to put it in the middle. And then you're going to put it in the middle. And then you're going to need lettuce. Get it right in. Okay. So, sit there. You want to put, you know, you want your lettuce to come to the edge. Right around here you know. We're going to do a little decoration with 2 meters. Please don't use the right 2 meters. They come sometimes they come with a little extra juice and then set them in a way that it looks appealing as usual remember always tell you Family presentation is always key So look at it, look at it family and look here We have an extra copies, our sweet pepper and we have a lot of coffee Family, now we have 15 eggs, what are you making? Alright, now we have a lot of coffee first We want to top off this with a little finely chopped sweet pepper Sweet pepper with olive, alright? Zoom right in So you take it no and you come and you let it right in here Look at that macaroni salad meal It is a complete meal Protein, carbohydrates, vegetable, all of that Every single thing it's a complete meal Zoom right in and let me clean up So from my kitchen two years You need to try this, you can have this for some dinner Yes, once it's all fast If the shame you can't have this for your son dinner You can't zoom right in and let them see Macaroni salad meal from West India the lights Right and remember as usual if you like this video You can turn on, sorry if you like this video You can give it a thumbs up Remember to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet done so I'll be grateful, please leave your comments below And remember to turn on your notification We're now doing an eating today in a family We just eat for the street comatized So we're going to send you a lot of coffee You know, we make the channel of that thing So listen to me, there you have it Enjoy from my kitchen to yours Ono don't know about one already you know I did before I'm done I y'all Wooo