 Do do do do. Back everybody. June is wedding month right here on Hallmark channel. And to celebrate we have invited the newly engaged couple, Jesse Newark and Dan Fallman. And showing them how to make a DIY boho buffet table, decor is Maria Provenzano. Hello. Welcome you guys. Congratulations, Dan. Oh, it was so wonderful. How was it? It was really good. So I understand you were set up by your youth. my mom and stepdad. They are my makers. Yes, I was a little bit reluctant to it in the beginning. You know, mom, you don't know anything about my style and. And Joey, my step dad said, you guys have to meet you have the same colorize. And ever since I met him, it was that was it. She knew it was a blind date. I didn't. He just comes up to me and says, what are you doing after work? Get to the hanger. I thought it was a business thing. I thought it was going to go meet another pilot. So I canceled dinner with my mom, you know, and met Jesse and it's we've been together ever since. But did you, what at first you were like trying to figure out what is she selling? Why am I. I had no idea what was going on. So I was just like, oh, I got I got nothing better to do after work. Sure. Sure. Why not? Yeah. And then did you, how did you follow up with this? Did you go? Hey, you want to go get a. I actually, I took her for a walk around the airport. You know, I was like, Hey, this is one of the planes I learned to fly in. You know, this is how we do it. And it's just yeah, you then take her for a ride in the plane. No, I did. I did. Yeah. I was. Okay. I was ready. Now we have we have gone flying since. But yeah, the wedding that you're off your planning is very unique. It's a Bohemian style, right? Yes. Bohemian style and we're trying to incorporate the aviation lineage as well because my great-grandfather was a World War II world Air Force pilot. So because he's a pilot as well. Oh, it's just it's just kind of meant to be, you know, sure. My passion for aviation and her family history. You know, we just figured that the the camera airport would be the perfect venue for the wedding. So we're actually doing it in the hanger. They restore World War II airplanes. And I've always loved the P 51 Mustang, you know, World War II fighter for the American side. So we're going to have one of those behind me at the altar and then a hawker hurricane, which is what her grandfather flew back dropping. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Right there. Well, they're going to love what we have in store for you here today. I can't wait. Yeah. We say we, by the way, we mean Maria. By we, I mean, we have nothing to do with it. Maria has done this whole. You are my family. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Okay. What's successful by association? Yes, exactly. So you've combined Maria aviation and boho sheet as I kick the props. Yes. Yes. Yes. So I talked to Jesse and she loves everything that is rustic and casual and handmade. And then I told her we would be best friends. So after that, I kind of went with it and I really, since they're getting married in the airplane museum, we really wanted to incorporate the boho and the aviation. And that was really the inspiration behind it. And she's DIYing everything in her wedding. So she's been watching our show and on Pinterest and getting crafty. And then I mean, she's having 250 people at her wedding. So that's why they're playing for these 250 people. And we thought that would be a great place to do some amazing casual decor because she wants it casual enough to be able to have paper plates. Wait, are they offline in some of them? Some of them. Yeah. Okay, good. Good. All right. So you were busy or right? Put in the table. Yes, I was I got busy this morning getting the table all set up. So I want you guys to take a look at how we got started. And that is our spare. You want to go? So these are the crates that we actually rented. So you guys can buy or rent crates. They're inexpensive and you can repurpose them and then top it with just some wood piece of wood that we painted to match it. And then you you guys we got these awesome parachutes. We got them from an army supply store that you can just get online and we're going to store whatever. And then we thought that it was a really great way to incorporate another texture into everything. So the silkeness of the parachutes and just really really like including the aviation aspect as well. And then moving up, we love the idea. So I worked with the amazing prop department here headed by the mastermind of Dave Low. So they are they were super helpful. And so then we wanted to keep everything casual. So we thought a great way to add some height would be these pots and pans and adding the silver that you see in the airplanes as well. And so that's what gave it some height because you want height to really create an impressive decor. I mean, yeah, it's not just the table. It's what's on top of it. That makes it look even that. Yeah. Tell so and then including that detail, we took some wrapping paper maps and then wrapped them around these just really tall bases. And then she loves baby's breath and Piennes. So we want to incorporate that as well. And Piennes just like just a note, they can be very expensive. So if you get faux Piennes, you can repurpose them and use them all year long. And they're really, really beautiful. And then of course, the map menu was really cool. The aviation meets both. Of course, and then something special. We wanted to really make sure you had the insignia for the P 51 Mustang and the Hawker Hurricane. So I made these guys. You can see the other ones over the P 51s over there. And this is the Hawker Hurricane. See the eye of the Hurricane. And so these are very important to you guys. I made these for you. They're just wood pieces that I got from Michael's craft supply store and they're painted and then used wood glue. And so you guys can incorporate them any way you can. Wow. So thank you so much. Thank you. So in typical men fashion, we don't we kind of let them take care of the business. I was told just show up and say yes. Yes. But no, do you have any like if you had to fix something? I'm pretty mellow and easy going, you know, but I do kind of want something a little nontraditional with the music. You know, my father was a saxophone player. So if we could do something where he could do a set or something like that at the wedding and just like that would be jazz. Yeah, like a jazzy type of feel. Yeah, exactly. And a song would be what like I got I got to go a little a little aviation dork on you. But I think we may do Frank Sinatra come fly with me. No, that would be amazing. That's the sound. What a sound. She puts up with me. What a sound like this. Yeah, exactly exactly. What a be a saxophone. It's maybe like this. This is this is news for you. We here at home and family would like to provide you that band that jazz band that will be playing. Wonderful. Sadding. Thank you. Very good. Thank you. Thank you. So don't thank me. That is very funny for that.