 Guys, welcome back to PJKJ Girls and today we're going to teach you how to make hot water corn bread. Okay, hello, I want to make this video for Britney. I know she's trying really, really hard to make hot water corn bread and I'll first shake the fact that you are wanting to continue to make this and I would like to dedicate this to Uncle Carl and Sissy because everyone's at top of me how to make it. So with that let's start and you want to be prepared a little bit. You want to first of all set your oven to 500 degrees. You're going to have a really, really hot oven and you need to get your cast iron skillet and you want to fill your iron skillet with oil to about the rim of the bottom. You can use that as a guide. Then you need a pan of water and I always go with about two cups of self-rising cornmeal and I like to use white. You've got to have a self-rising cornmeal. Well, you don't have to have self-rising. This is just plain cornmeal. Free up at that. We're going to use plain cornmeal. I always like to put a little salt in there. So while your oven is heating you've got all of this ready to go and you're going to kind of start getting your water ready because you want from your water to boiling but you got a time it is dry. So with that we're going to start boiling our water and waiting for our oven to heat up to 500 degrees because when the oven gets to 500 you want to put your oil pan, cast iron pan in the oven and let it get really, really hot. You want to get that oil hot. Okay and with that since we're just killing time waiting for the oven to reach 500 degrees I am making a corn beat. I'm going to set on a pot of water. I've got new potatoes, onions, carrots and a seasoning pack for our corn beat and I'm cooking it all day long. In that bottle clock it's going to be nice and tender and ready to eat. The oven is at 450 degrees and the grain is waiting and the water is boiling and we'll have tea. Another thing I do need to make note is you need a good spoon. This is my grandmother's mammal spoon that I love. She taught me how to cook with this spoon. This was her measuring spoon. I cherish it. So you know I use it to make a hot water corn bread. Corn ponds. So you need a good spoon. And another important thing that you need to take to realize like you're going to have to use cold water in a minute and I'll come back to that in a minute but you're going to use your cold water because your corn bread is going to be hot. So the cold water will help you be able to manual your patties. So with that we have it's 480. We've got 20 more degrees and after that we're going to put our skillet in and we're going to let it preheat the skillet for about 10 minutes. It's got to be very hot so you don't want the boys running around while you're making hot water corn bread. Alrighty it's a 500. We're going to put our skillet in. We're going to let it heat up 5 or 10 minutes. I usually like to go 10 minutes because I want that oil nice and hot. We're going to put our our muffins in there. Corn bread. Okay while that is heating you want to kind of start gently bringing your water to a boil but you've got to kind of time your water boiling to as when you bring your skillet out. So that you can make your patties at the same time. It's kind of a time factor but practice makes perfect. You just kind of practice and practice. I've done it for a long time and I'll I just each time you do it you want to something new. But another thing is I want to reiterate is like it's don't make it complicated in your mind because it's really a very simple process to make. Sometimes you might want to overthink it. The dance very very simple. So we're just waiting for it to heat up. Okay okay we're about to take the skillet out and now you can see our water is boiling and now we are going to add the boiling water to our corn meal. And you want to make it towards kind of mushy and this is something you just kind of have to feel out yourself. So it's going to be kind of dry and you just kind of have to eyeball it and it's going to kind of get the bonya. I think that is going to be perfect. It's just like much corn meal mush. Nashed potatoes. Nashed potatoes. Nashed potatoes. Perfect. Now we're going to take our skillet out and you got a nice hot skillet. Okay I'm going to add just a little bit more water. It's kind of thinking about bombing. Just a little bit more. Okay now we're going to tank this over by the sink. That is the consistency. This is what you shape it. It's going to go like that. Okay let's move over to the sink. You've got your hot and you've got to have your skillet right here close by to work with. Okay you might want to come over your kaily and show what water you're going to do. Okay this is where the cold water comes from the plug. All right here we go. It's going to be hot. But your water your cold water is actually going to make it not make the crust. So this is your patty right here. It's hot. You just put it in there. Okay so you get your spoon, get your water and you're just going to kind of water it down like this and it's going to make a really really nice crust. And you're just going to put it in your pan. We will be back when we have finished all of the crust dough batter. So while these are in the skillet these are what they should look like. Here's one more that I want you to look at. Close up. If you get a good close up you can see you just kind of manipulated around however the shape that you want it. And then there you have it. Okay so now that you have all of your patty's made and this is the beauty of it you're going to put it back in the oven for 10 minutes. Okay so you'll set your timer for 10 minutes. Now when your 10 minutes is up you're going to pull it out and you're going to flip them over and you're going to put them back in the oven for another 10 minutes. And that's all 10 minutes and it's a no-fail. As you can see we have some cornmeal left over and what I like to do sometimes you can actually do the same process you know put your hands underwater make your patty's and you can fry them in the skillet on top of the stove. But the secret is you got to patty patty up with cold water because it makes that crust and it won't stick to your pan. So I have quite a bit of cornmeal and I just not make some up. Okay we're just going to wait for 10 minutes so we can turn them over to the pan. So we are just repeating the process but this time she's going to fry them in the pan. See that's the leftover dough or whatever you want to call it. Perfect. So there's the oven. Flip them off tea. There's black tea. Texas black tea. You must have it while you're cooking. I have to over cornmeal and I'm going to make some over the stove so I did the same process. I'm not patty with my water and I don't know if the oil is hot enough but I'm just kind of showing you what you can do with your leftover on your. And if you're not comfortable cooking your patty and the oven at 500 degrees because you know it is kind of scary if you're not real comfortable with it. You can make them all with the stove. That is what we're showing you today also. So your patty won't be near hot since they've cooled down. But you still want to use the water. That cold water is very very important. Makes that nice nice crust. That I think nickel is like. See like some crusty patty. Her it's not fat ready. But it is they're getting brown but they're not ready yet. Arani it's been 10 minutes. Turn that off. It's going to be very hot so. Oh this is probably if you're kind of scared of the oven and the heat you not want to get Nick to help you Brit. We're dedicating this video also to my aunt because Brittany because she really wants to know how to make this. So if you hear Nick and Brittany that is just family so. Yeah. So you're just going to flip them. Very easy. I'll say it is. Come on. There. And you're going to put them back in the oven. Set your timer for another 10 minutes. And it's going to be perfect. 10 minutes. While that is back in the oven for our last 10 minutes I am turning our pan fry. Hot water cornbread over 13 more minutes and it's done. Hey it is all nice and brown golden brown perfect. Oh yeah this would be good with good pot of beans. My mom used to make this all the time but she always had a good pot of pinto beans and green onion or purple onion. Okay this is the beauty of it. The most deliciousness of it. You're going to take your this is how you want to eat it or I eat it. You want to oh it's hot too loud. Kind of make a pocket out of it. Just like that. See it's smoking. All nice and smoky and you just put your butter right there and let it be all buttery. Yeah just like that. We need to take a picture so I can send this to Nick. All righty. Here we go. It is over. See what the results are. Oh my gosh perfect. That is my water cornbread. Can you see the difference between these and these? Not really. Not really. They both look delicious. And you know you can make your patties as big and thick as you want. I would probably I like this size and I usually go with this size because to feed a good family of four or six I think two cups of cornmeal is good. It's a good starting number and this is what two cups will give you. We've got a good a medium sized pan. Plus those. Those are also there. I didn't put my really really big pan today just since we were going to make this video but normally I use my big cast iron skillet. No. So it's time to taste. Taste test. Yeah. Delicious. Thanks guys for coming by to our channel and make sure you like this video and subscribe because it would be so great for our channel to grow. This is our very first video so we're hoping to get it to at least five likes in the first day and if not, can we do that in the first week? Thanks for subbing. Bye. Bye.