 Hey guys, today I'm going to show you how to use a Scotch Thermal Laminator. Although this method would probably work for most home laminators even if it's not the specific brand. So first obviously you have to plug it in. And then on mine you can see it has this on button. So you press that and it's red and then there's a 3mm size and a 5mm so that depends on the thickness of your laminating sheets, mine are the 3mm kinds. And then when it's ready this light will turn blue. So we can just set that aside. Okay I have these cute turtles that I use for size sorting. You can see my printer kind of curled them because of how they dried out of the printer. I cut them before they were flat. That's fine. By the time I laminate them they're not going to be all curly like that anymore. So these turtles by the way are from my... That's my ringtone. Okay so here is how you laminate. You have your pieces and you get your laminating sheet. I buy mine from Sam's Club but you can get them from Walmart or Staples or Amazon even. So what you do is you open your laminating sheet and you put your pieces in. Okay the first time was a disaster unfortunately. I don't know why because this never happens to me but yeah that's just what happens when you're trying to make a video I guess. Okay so we're going to start over. Kind of press it down so it's all flat and everything. And then if you have a lot of pieces like this if you're just laminating a page like this it's pretty easy to keep it in the right place because you can just hold it. But if you have a lot of pieces like this they can kind of move around. So in order to prevent that a trick I use is this I stick it in a file folder like this. Now I laminate just the sheet straight. You can stick it in a folder that they provide but I find the seal isn't as good. So I use this trick instead. I just kind of hold it and then leave some of it out. And then you just kind of hold the folder so that the pieces inside can't move. Then you just set it in. You have to kind of make sure you get the right angle. Then you just kind of put it in until it's in for sure. So then I just kind of slowly I'm holding the file folder in place but you can see the laminating sheet is feeding through. You can see now it's coming out on the end. Okay, see and now it's pretty hot still especially at the end. So before you cut it you want to kind of let it sit for a minute. Okay, the last thing you have to do to remember with laminating is you have to leave a little bit of an edge when you cut like this. Otherwise the laminating seal can, well it just will un-sill. We'll kind of open up in your thing we'll know already. Babies playing over there. Make sure you leave a little bit of an edge. And then when you're all done you can sort of... What's the best way? Hey babies! What's the best way to make mom happy?