 What is up YouTube? Welcome back to the channel. Today we are back in my kitchen. We're making something excellent. Well, at least I hope so because as I always say with these recipes, I don't make them up. I find them online. We make them here together. As it seemed, we taste test them and see how they turn out. This one I'm super excited about because my entire life before I ever got into this fitness lifestyle, mozzarella sticks for one of my favorite foods of all time. But as I learned, mozzarella sticks are probably one of the worst foods you can order. It's literally just cheese, deep fried, breaded, loaded with fat, loaded with calories. But today we're going to do a healthy version that's not only easy to make, but is very macro friendly. So if you want some mozzarella sticks and you also a terrible cook, like yours truly, then you'll be able to enjoy this recipe yourself. So if you guys are ready to get this epic taste test, recipe video, experimentation underway, and then as always, I'm here to host guide, drive. None of those make sense. Cook, contribute, provide entertainment. We'll go with that guys. You ready? I know I am. Let's do it! Normally in these videos, I have an entire section dedicated to the ingredients we'll be using, but this one only has two. So I'll just cover them right here. The first ingredient we need is standard low fat mozzarella string cheese sticks. We're going to be cutting these up into fourths, which I'm going to show you guys. We're going to do this together, like I said, and that'll be the base for our mozzarella sticks. Now doing it this way, we don't have full fat. She's going to cut back on the calories quite a bit, and the macros in these bad boys are actually really good. Once we get to the end of this, you will totally understand. And the second thing we need is wanton wraps. You can find these in the organic section of your grocery store. When I'm in my crogr, it's in the healthy living market, the lifestyles market. I don't know what they call it. Some sort of market. But it's basically where all the organic stuff is, like the almond milk, healthy cereals, protein bars, almond butters, all that stuff. It's right in there. And with these wanton wrappers, that's going to basically be our crust slash breading. I am just terrible about words today. Guys, still recovering from the last video if you guys watched that. Well, that was a doozy. Let me tell you. But we're back out of the gate. So yeah, this is all you're going to need. Guys, I've never messed with wanton wraps before, and I've never really made homemade mozzarella sticks. So let's go ahead and get this easy to ingredient recipe video underway. So I got our oven preheating to 375, and I'm only going to need two mozzarella sticks for this. Go ahead, open both of these guys up. Remington wire you making engine oil. It's good question. Next up, we're going to cut these into quarters. So we're going to start with the middle. Let them run down here. Back. We're going to cut them long ways as well. Boom. And boom. Perfect. We're doing the same with this one. Right in the middle. Here we go. And this is going to be the inside for eight mozzarella sticks. And the next up, we need eight wanton wrappers, which are right here. And we're going to go in and wrap up our mozzarella sticks. Before we do anything, I have a little bit of water right here. I'm going to dip my finger in. We're going to wet the outside coating of each of these wrappers. But I might go do them all once. I'm going to do them as we move through. That way, it doesn't evaporate. Science got to love it. Do we go in? We're going to place our mozzarella cheese right there. Then we're going to wrap this bad boy all the way up. Bingo. And then you're going to flatten down the ends with your finger like so. And then we're going to shake our fork. Boom. Fork. And go in. Ah, press down on the sides like that to clamp these bad boys. Shut. Awesome. Now I'm going to go in and do that to each one of these. And I'll be right back. And here we go. As easy as that, guys, with eight of our mozzarella sticks done and ready to go. So what I'm going to do is take them all and place them on a cooking sheet that I hit with a light layer of extra virgin olive oil spray. So it doesn't stick. I'm going to place these in the oven. So we will go ahead and place all these on here. And you want to try to keep them a little bit spread out that way. They can get a little more toasty while they're cooking or crispy. It's probably the right word I should be using to place these on here. And perfect. We're going to go ahead. Cook these in the oven. Like I said, we have a set on 375 degrees. And it's only going to need about eight to ten minutes of cook time. So I'm going to set this for about nine minutes right in the sweet spot and then checking on it. Now, be back when it's finished. And they are officially done, guys. Look how these turned out. Now I was doing a little thumbnail action already split this one open. Let me give you guys a little look here. Watch. And, ooh, there we go. Mozzarella sticks, baby. Okay, enough talk. Let's go ahead and give these guys a try. Without any further delay, let's go ahead and do this. I'm going to go ahead and get this one because the cheese is all busted on the outside and it just peaking my interest. You know what I mean? Tickling my fancy. So we're going to go ahead and give this one a try and see exactly how they are. Are you guys ready? Moment of truth. Three, two, one. This is excellent. This is excellent. Hmm. No. I'm not going to lie. It doesn't taste quite like a mozzarella sticky-dourier restaurant. But in my opinion, knowing that it's the healthy, lower calorie option, I'm totally fine with it. I think it's pretty good. I wouldn't say this recipe gets the double seal of approval, but I will definitely give it the single seal of approval. Hmm. Crunchy too. I like that. These wanton wrappers are the exact same wrappers that used for like ravioli's and whatever those stuffed noodles are called. Pasta, noodles. Not sure what they are. Maybe it's ravioli. I don't know. It's the same thing here and they're pretty crunchy, pretty good. Hmm. Nice flavor. Hmm. Great stuff. So what you guys just seen, we made eight mozzarella sticks in total, right? A traditional would-remotior all the sticks from a restaurant for about eight is probably close to roughly 800 to a thousand calories. I'd imagine with all that added fat, carp hydrogen, the breading, I would imagine. So if we take this recipe right here, guys, and the entire recipe there's only 260 calories. So that's all eight of these, right? So two cheese sticks, eight wraps, and then the macro breakdown is only five grams of fat. That's because we opted for the skim, lower fat mozzarella cheese. Now if you want more richer, robust, or juicy flavor, then go with the full fat. There's always an option if you have the macros for it. First, I think they're just fine like this. Then we also have 20 grams of protein, and then there is 31 grams of carbs, but it between all eight of these. So that's really not bad at all, guys. Like I said, these are pretty good. Give these a try. Hmm. Let me know what you think. Single, chili approval, my final rating. Thank you guys for very much for watching this video. I'm gonna go and eat the rest of these right now. I'm clearing my throat. Hopefully you guys enjoyed this. If you did, make sure you hit that like button. Don't forget to smile, remain positive, and pay someone a compliment because you never know who's a day you could be making better with that. I'm Adder. This has been a Rameeton James production, and I will see you find ladies in gentlemen at the next video. See you guys.