 Hi, this is Yolanda Van Vien and in this segment we're going to talk about how to plant holly hawks. Now holly hawks are a gorgeous addition to your garden. They can get 10 feet tall with lots of papery, poppy-like flowers all up and down and they can grow by seed. You can start them in the spring by seed or you can start them anytime of the year by root and they're a really easy, easy plant to grow. These holly hawks have been beat up. They're ready December and they've died back a bit and the deer have gotten to them. As you notice, there's little seed pods up and down all over. I can take these seed pods and save them and plant them in the spring or I can start them by the root right now. When a time of the fall and the wild climates is the best time to start them or even in the spring, anytime they're not blooming, they're so easy to grow. You can start the seeds pretty much anytime as well. At this time of year or two, when they're already just kind of cutting back and dying back, I like to cut them down to where there's a branch and then there's some eyes. As you can see, there's little buds forming right here so I know it'll grow so I can just cut it right to that point and then just set them in the ground and make sure that the roots are covered but the stems coming out of the ground. You don't want to have it coming up too far either but yet with holly hawks, they are so easy to grow as long as you have a piece of root or seed they will come back. When I plant it, I just want to plant them in groups of two or three. I don't like to just do one by itself because I found they'll do better in groups than by themselves. Again, I'm finding another friend for it and I'm going to put both of these guys in the pot and I'm going to put them just a few inches apart and I like to plant them so that the roots are covered but the stem is out of the ground. I could even throw these in a bucket of water for a while and they'll just continue to root so even if I don't get to planting them right away, I just throw them in a bucket of water is really easy. My trick is to put them in compost or potting soil. You can use any type of soil they'll grow in almost anything but compost or potting soil is the best. If you have a larger pot that you're using, you can always save space by putting some sticks and stones and moss and branches in the bottom half and then have more soil on the top half. If I'm putting them right into the ground, I'll just put them right into the ground and the thing about Holly Hawks is they recede themselves. Even if you start with one or two plants, the seeds will drop and you will have them everywhere. You almost have to be careful with them or cut them down before they actually go to seed as soon as the bloom starts fading. You just cut them down and that way they won't recede and you won't have them all over the property. So Holly Hawks are such a beautiful flower and so easy to grow from seed or from roots.