 Hey everybody, I'm here today to show you how to clean your Nespresso virtual line machine. The first step is to remove your tank, rinse your tank and then fill it up with fresh water. So I'm just gonna rinse it right now, I'm gonna fill it up with some water like this. Simply swish it around to rinse it and then empty it out and then I'm going to fill it up again now that it has been rinsed with some fresh water. Okay, looks about right, I'm gonna shut the water off and take the tank and put it back into place. Okay, now with the tank in place I'm gonna turn the machine on, just give it you know a few seconds to warm up and so forth and while it is turning on I would suggest removing the drip tray from the bottom because you will need a rather large glass or cup for this process. So now that there is a solid light I know that the machine is ready to be used and what I'm going to do is I'm just gonna double check that there is no pod in here so there's no pod which is good. I'm going to make sure that the top is closed, I'm going to make sure that it is also locked just like that and I'm gonna place a cup underneath. I believe that Nespresso in the manual it says something like 600 milliliters that's what the capacity needs to be but for my experience it's a little bit less because I know that this glass does not hold 600 milliliters it holds a bit less. So now that I have my rather large glass in place I'm going to push the top button three times within two seconds so one two three and once you do that it will start the cleaning procedure. Now all that you have to do is basically wait for the Nespresso machine to do its thing and clean and clean itself. Now as you can see the water that is coming out is somewhat dirty it's not perfectly clean so that is the main reason that I clean my virtual line machine fairly often because when I keep it clean and when I clean it often I know that the coffee that I make is completely clean and you know sort of residue-free. All right so as you can see the light at the top the light on the button at the top has stopped flashing and that means that the cleaning process is complete and that is how you clean your Nespresso virtual line coffee machine and that's all I have for you today thanks for watching.