 Hi everyone, this is Emmy. Today I'm going to show you how to make this cute little pillowcase dress. So let's get started. And in the back I saw the straps together in the center back because that will prevent them from falling off the shoulders. I have this vintage pillowcase that I got at the thrift store for 50 cents. So today I'm going to use this to show you how to make the easiest pillowcase dress. Now I have moved over to my ironing board and the first thing I'm going to do is fold this pillowcase down and then I'm going to press across. So that gives me a really good line to follow. And I turned my pillowcase over and there's a nice crease that I have to follow. So now I'm going to fold it again because I want to make a casing. So I'm going to fold it over approximately two inches. Then I'm going to press across on that line. So now I have a crease here and I have a crease here. And I'm going to be turning this under a bit when I do my seam. So now I'm just going to cut about a half an inch past this second crease line. I'm going to use this piece to make my straps. And now I'm going to turn this crease to the inside, iron that down. Like that, knock that all, iron down. And I'm going to turn this part inside like that. Now I'm going to sew a seam here. And then I'm going to sew another seam up here approximately the width of my elastic. And then I'll come back and show you. Okay, I've gone all the way across and I sewed right along the bottom of that crease. And then I made another seam about half an inch higher. There's the opening where I like to seam open to be able to pass the elastic through. And I don't think you can see that very well. And now I'm going to fold this in half. So this is going to be the center back. And then in the front, I'm going to fold this over to meet the center. And I'm going to iron a crease there. And here. Okay, so now I have creases here. And that's where I'm going to position the front strap. And this is where I'm going to position the front strap on the other side. And there's where I'm going to position the back strap in the center. So now with the section that I had left over, I'm going to cut straps. And I'm going to fold this in half like that. And just give it a press. And then I'm going to cut down along the slide. And then I'm going to turn it right side in. And I'm going to sew a seam along here. Okay, I have both of my strap sewn. Just going to cut them apart. And I'm going to attach a safety pin at the end and turn them right side out. And press. Okay, I have pinned my straps on. And I centered the strap on that line that I had ironed there. And here. And in the back, I brought the two ends. Line them right up to that crease that I had ironed as the center back. And when I'm done sewing, I'll just trim this a little bit off. And now I'm going to go back to the sewing machine. And I'm going to sew across on that same line and on this same line as well. Okay, I have my straps sewn in the front on both across this top seam and across the second seam as well. And I've sewn the straps across the back as well. And now I can trim off this little back section on the back straps. I place the safety pin on the end of my elastic. And this is going to fit best if your elastic is exactly the same measurement as the child's chest. So don't make it too tight. So from the inside, I'm going to get my elastic started. I like to take this end and pin it. So the elastic will stay straight while I'm passing it through the casing. Like that. Okay, I went all the way through. And then when I got to this end, I pinned the two ends together. Now I can sew these together with the needle and thread. And I'm going to sew this together. And I'm going to sew this together. And I'm going to sew this together. I'm going to sew this together. Now I can sew these together with the needle and thread. Dress it from the two sides to disperse the gathers evenly. And that's how it looks from the back. And from the front. Now I still have these scraps of fabric. So I'm going to make some little flowers. So I'm going to take a strip of fabric, fold it in half. And with the needle and thread, I'm just going to run a gathering stitch along the raw edge. Like that, all along the raw edge. And now I can pull together that up. And I'm just going to form it into a little spiral. Make sure that raw end from the beginning is tucked through. And I'm going to put a corner down like that. And then just take some stitches on the back to keep it all together. Like that. Then I have enough scraps to make three flowers. I like it. So these across the front, like that. Or you could put a ribbon here on the front. And I move two flowers up here on these straps. And I think I'll sew those on there. And there you go. There's a cute little pillowcase dress that you can make for children of all ages. I hope you enjoyed this video. Thanks for watching. Bye for now.