 Here we present the 5 best slip covers. Let's get started with the list. Starting of our list at number 5. If you don't want to deal with elastic corners and straps, this furniture throw might be a good sofa slip cover option for you. Made to fit a sofa up to 170 inches wide, this large throw will completely cover your sofa, and all you have to do is drape it over your sofa and tuck it into the cushions. If you see yourself removing the slip cover and washing it a lot, this is a good option as you can just pull it off and throw it in the wash. Or, if you need a simple solution to protect your couch when guests come over, this is easy to slip on as you don't have to fuss with straps or elastic bands. At number 4. If you want a more elegant looking slip cover, this slip cover has a soft, damished pattern that would elevate the look of any sofa. The cover has two pieces and is made with 94% polyester and 6% spandex, so it's stretchy enough to fit over any shaped sofa. There are also elastic bottoms on each piece and seam details that make your sofa look like it was repulsed. The cushion cover has a zipper, so it's really easy to remove and throw it into the wash. The slip cover is designed to fit square or box cushions and will fit a sofa anywhere between 74 inches and 96 inches wide and 26 inches to 30 inches in height. For more information check out the description underneath the video. Halfway of our listed number 3. If you have kind of an odd shaped couch or just prefer a really clean slip cover look, this two piece slip cover is a great option as it's made with polyester and spandex. The spandex in the material is very stretchy, which allows it to cling to the curves of your couch, making it hard to notice that it's actually a slip cover. It also comes in two pieces, so you can wrap the second slip cover around your seat cushions for an even more natural look. The material is machine washable, and because of the polyester spandex combination, you won't need to iron it. The slip cover will fit sofa's anywhere between 72 inches and 92 inches wide, and it's simple to slide on. At number 2. With a bold pattern available in four colors, this slip cover will make your sofa the accent piece in any room in your house. This polyester slip cover will help shield your furniture from stains, as it is stain resistant and machine washable. The slip cover is one piece and will fit most sofas up to 90 inches wide. The bottom is elasticized, so it won't slip around and you won't have to worry about any straps to keep it secure. If you're looking for a more neutral color, choose charcoal or chocolate. If you want to make a bold statement with your sofa either the burgundy or blue color would work wonderfully. And coming in at number one of our list. The big benefit with this slip cover is that it has two pieces, one for the backrest and base of the couch, and another for the seat cushion. This makes the slip cover look a lot more natural, as it looks like a standard couch rather than a sofa that has one big slip cover draped over it. This slip cover has de-thelastic corners, which helps the slip cover stay in place. Plus, it's easier to put on, as you just slip it over the cushion rather than fusing over ties. The fabric is stretchy and can fit furniture between 74 inches and 96 inches wide, up to 34 inches high, and up to 38 inches deep. It's also easy to match your existing room decor, as there are five colors available, charcoal, chocolate, dark olive, sand, and wine. The slip cover is machine washable. For more information check out the description underneath the video. Thanks for watching our video, for more, subscribe to our channel, and don't forget to like and share this video.