 Hey guys, it's Annie and Lily and yes this video is going to be all about her but first I have a huge announcement. I am going to be at VidCon this year. I will be there as the guest of Filmora and they are going to be doing an interview with me at their booth. Day in time will be decided but the big news is they are holding a contest right now and you can win a free pass flight and accommodations to VidCon. The contest is only open till the 12th. All you have to do is make a video answering three questions. I will leave that all in the downbar so go check out that link if you're there. Come say hi to me. I will show you cute photos of Louise. That would be cool but it's only open till the 12th so hop on it right now. Oh, I'm so excited. I just found all this out. I'm like super pumped. So I hope you're under the contest. I hope you're good at VidCon but now on to the video and as you can tell by the title, we've had a bit of an issue with Liu. Yeah, was it very fun? Was it? Yeah, it was a hard time. Okay. Hey guys, it's Annie. This is not the Louise update. I wanted to give you guys. I just discovered Flays on her and I'm my skin is crawling. It's literally three in the morning and I can't, I can't sleep if I don't do something about this. Controversial, I'm sure but I read that Don will kill Flays and you can carefully give them a bath with this. Like they use this for wildlife. I just need to try something. I'm not going to be able to sleep if I don't try something. Okay, so they said to put a ring of it around her neck because it will kill the Flays. You're okay, you're okay. You're good. You're doing so good, lady. You're doing really good, lady. I'm proud of you, girl. Look how good she's doing. She's doing so good. You're being calm. You look like a wet little rat. Oh, thumbs up for how freaking patient she is. Good girl. You're being really careful. You're fine. You gotta do it. You're good. You're good. You're here. You did such a good job. She did such a good job. Okay, sure, you're done. Louise, no, not in there. She's going to look covered. Was that a bad time? You did such a good job. Yeah. Was that what's not your favorite activity? No, but you still did real good. I am so tired. I did not get to sleep until 4.30am and guess who still has flees this morning. That is right. OMG Louise has flees. I had other plans today. But my new plans are going to be taking care of this flea situation. So here we are. Petco. Petco, I go here enough and I put you in my videos. You want to sponsor me yet? Got some goodies at Petco. Now we're going to go to Costco and hopefully get some, what is it called, front line? Because once Louise has front line, she will be good and if the fleas bite her, they will just dot me. So next up on the mission, renewed my Costco card after not having it for almost two years. I came here for one thing and my cart is filling up already. But I did find the front line plus for cats, not sponsored. Okay, home now. Let's see how Louise is doing. Lou. Oh, how is my itchy girl doing? Where is she flees? She has scratched her neck raw right here. Oh, did you see one moving? I think I just saw one moving. We're going to get them off of you, okay? My room is looking like a crazy disaster but I'm going to be washing literally everything. But, you know, just got to do what you got to do. Are you ready to put your front line on you? Okay, shoulder blades and you do it here so that they can't lick it. Okay, we're going to try this. Good girl, you're being good girl. We're going to kill those little bad guys on you. There you go, Lou. You got your medicine. How do you feel about it? Do you feel like a brand new lady? Do you feel like not an itchy girl anymore? Do you care? No, she doesn't care. But the next step is to spray the furniture. I put Louise out in the living room because while this is wet, you don't want her inhaling the fumes obviously. So I'm going to spray this. Wait for it to dry. Hopefully it works. She goes up here all the time. Just chair. She always sits at my desk. All right guys, it is the next day. How you feeling Louise? How you feeling now? How you feeling any less itchy yet? Hmm, she's purring. That's good, right? Anyway, I was up until like 1.30 in the morning doing laundry. Are you itchy? Do you have a bug on you? Yep, she got something that itches. Anyway, I actually just went and looked online for how long it takes for front line to kick in and it says it doesn't start killing them for like 24 hours. So that means they're probably still crawling around on her. But hopefully they'll start dying off by tonight. I also don't think that it was very extreme. Like I caught it very early on. So I'm not going to worry too much right now. Another thing I read online is to just keep everything vacuumed and as clean as possible, which is not the case right now in my room. But everything is washed at least, so that's good. This is a process. Not sponsored by front line, but maybe it's good just to like get that and start out with that so you can avoid all of this trouble. It's cost me over $150 for all the products in front line and quarters for laundry. So it's been kind of spendy. All right guys, so it's actually three days since the whole police situation and guess who is flea free right now. OMG Louise has no flea. Oh, but she still has bumps. So when the flea's bite, she still has the bumps left over around her tail and on her neck. Oh, but she doesn't itch anymore and she's just a happy little lady, isn't she. No more itchy fleas climbing all over Louise right? Yeah, right. She was really miserable there for a few days. She was scratching like a crazy woman. Come here, this means you're going to get a chin scratch huh. Oh, it is showing not so cute. Oh and here I showed you before that she would sit for treats. Watch this sit. Wait, that wasn't a sit Louise. Sit. That's not a sit. We've practiced this before. You're being difficult. Sit. See she sits and she doesn't even need a treat to do it because she's just a professional. So yes, we got rid of her fleas. She's a happy camper once again. And yes, every time I make a video about Louise, beware, there will be a lot of baby talk. That is the only way I communicate with her. So if you're a cat person or an animal person or even a baby person, I think you understand. It's like really hard not to do it. And again, make sure to enter the Filmora contest. You can win a trip to VidCon for free. Free flight, free ticket, free hotel. You know, the thing is someone is going to win. It's a super simple contest. It could be you. So enter I will leave the link for that in the description below. Hope to see you there. If you want to see an actual Louise update that's not just about fleas, let me know in the comments that you want to see that. But that is all I have for you today and I will see you soon with a new video. Bye guys.