 Hello, Rajeev. Thank you for your emailing about brushing and ironing a table. It's not that difficult to do, but as long as it's done right, your table will be tipped up all the time. So what we're going to start with is the brush. So there's the brush. There's normal stand table brush, as you can see there. It's quite simple. I'm only going to do half the table because I don't have the time to do all of it. So I'm just going to show you how to do half of it. And we start off at the bottom end here. So you can see in here, just lightly brushing. Try to keep the brush nice and light. So if we start off with one half of the table, then obviously once we've done this half, we'll do the other half. You might want to brush your table a little bit more vigorously than this, but this one gets done quite regularly so it doesn't need a lot of pop keeping that way. So you see now that I'm just going off the table, just with the brush, nothing else. Then you get the brush off the brush. And then all we do then with the brush is just finish it off with the brush. Something like that. It's going to end. Keep the brush on the table, not let me talk. Meantime just flicking the dust off the brush. You see now, it's nice and easy. There we go. While all this is going on, we've got the iron. Now let's just warm it up. So you see now, there we go. So that bit there is actually done. Now to do the rails, just the same again. You see, we just get the dust off. And the same along the back cushion here, and again, and also underneath. That's why I've got these things here on the brush. Just so you can get underneath and get the dirt from underneath. The cushions like that. Same with this one. It's got along. There we go. Now, while I'll let you in the email about the block, now normally what some people have is a green bass over there. They'll have some of this cloth and they'll manage to fit it on there somewhere. And what they do with that actually is this. We use something else here. Just an ordinary carpet tile. They call flow text carpet tiles. You might have them in your kitchen and your bathroom or something like that. So we have that wrapped around the brush. And then we do what we call blocking. So we go there. Now the block doesn't come off the table. And it goes straight up. And what that does, it takes the fibers down in the cloth, keeps them nice and flat. And we do this. Oil. Like so. Do you see now? I've done that wrong. Now, whenever time that's taken me five, seven minutes or whatever it takes, you've got to do the other side. So you have to do it all the time. So it normally takes about 10 minutes just to do that around. And the meantime now, you've got the iron on the go. So it's a nice iron. Don't have it too hot. It's not so much like the normal iron you have to do in your clothes. This is a table iron. Very heavy. So it's only a thermostat in. So if you've got one there, your thermostat in. You only normally turn to say number seven. And the iron there, which is very time. Don't leave it on the cloth. It'll scorch the cloth. So once you've got it on, you pull it up in the ice and slowly. And you see there, I'm standing nice steady. Walk with it. And just bring it up. Whatever you do, don't put it on to the cushions. Because the rubber that's underneath the cushions is, you'll melt the rubber. And that's your cushions that will be rearing. So you've seen how it's done this bit. So now just a little like it slightly. And I do the same again. There. Pull it up. And you notice now that I'm going from the ball climb up to the black spot. Don't go the other way. You only go one way with the snickrater. You don't go up and down. So it's not, I do that. And then I go the other way. Yeah. Roll it start probably from the ball again and work his way up to the black spot. So you can see now I'm just pulling the iron up nice and slowly. There. And then keep doing the same thing. So I'm glad to go in over there. A little bit of going over before. You're so total happy. Bring it up. And to finish because I'm not going to reach that far, you're taking to the middle. Got the middle. And then once we've done this, we'll repeat the process on the other side. So you would brush it first. Then take your brush off. Then take your block. Walk it all over. And then while you've done that, the 10 minutes it takes or the course of an hour it takes your iron. There's no off enough. You get your iron on. And you do the same with your iron. Well, take it off. Take it off. And do it like that. And cover the old table. And roughly if you do it right and you do it properly, give it a bit of time. A bit of care. 20 minutes and your table's done. I hope you find that beautiful energy. I hope you're getting understand it. I hope you find it helpful. I will get it on the quicks of Kahn and send it to you. Thank you very much for your email. I hope you like this question. And Kahn, I'm watching it. And I hope to be here for a minute again. Thank you very much. It's a good pro tip.