 Hi, I'm going to demonstrate how to use the Asbestos Home Testing Kit provided by environmental innovative technologies EIT supply. First, make sure your kit was completely wrapped in plastic for proper quality control, quality assurance when received. For demonstration purposes and demonstration purposes only, we're going to use an already open kit. Once you've opened your kit, identify and locate the instructions that are included in your kit. Make sure that the instructions say, Abestos sample collection across the top. Once you have located the instructions, completely review them. Do not solely rely on this video tutorial because protocol and regulations can change and your kit should include the most current information. After reading the instructions, confirm that all the necessary sampling and shipping materials are included in the kit. A respirator for respiratory protection or filter mask. Disposable ziploc baggies for your Asbestos bulk samples to be placed into. Disposable latex non-powder gloves to wear when collecting samples. You're pre-paid, postage and shipping back to the lab as well as your Asbestos chain of custody sampling document. Now that you have confirmed that the kit is complete, we've perceived with taking our sample. Before taking your sample, put on your gloves, put on your mask, then with a wet mister or some generic type of water sprayer. Wet the area that you're going to be collecting the sample from with water. So when you take the sample, it'll be a little wetter, a little heavier, whereby containing any potentially released fibers. The sample should contain all layers of the question building material. And samples from multiple locations should be individually bagged in separate ziploc baggies to avoid cross contamination. All samples for Asbestos must be submitted in the sealed ziploc plastic baggies. Properly and completely fill out the included Asbestos chain of custody form, but do not place this form inside the ziploc baggie with your sample. Place the sample and the completed chain of custody form back in the original box. And take the original box along with your sample and your chain of custody and put it in your priority shipping document and properly send it to the lab. Within a few business days of submitting your samples, you can expect to receive your certified results electronically. Please remember, our Asbestos sampling kit includes all the appropriate sampling materials, the certified laboratory analysis, and the prepaid shipping documents and packaging. It is your sole responsibility to ensure a proper sample collection and proper shipping back to the lab. Thank you for protecting yourself and your family and referrals are always appreciated.