 Hello YouTube and Facebook friends. Today I'm going to show you how to look like an oompa-lumpa and a duck at the same time. So really first you're just going to want to find like every single little makeup thing you can find, you know like you like a million different mascaras. You know what? And if you have Nutella or like chocolate powder or something you can use that. It works as a great foundation. So first you just want to tie your hair back like this. Oh there we go. It doesn't want to go back. Anyways, I'm going to put that little muller in. Okay, you're going to start off with some foundation. What you want to do is you're going to use a brush like this because they actually do work better. Just get it in there. Get a good little amount on. See? Just get a little more. Let me just put it everywhere. It doesn't matter if it's your skin tone because you know we're just going to blend it. You know you can just get some on your lips because you know that doesn't really matter either. You know if you get some in your hair it doesn't really matter. And you don't even need to take your makeup off before this because you're just going to use so much foundation. See right now it is not, it's not, I look wider but that's okay because we're just going to pal it on. Pall this on. Okay. Okay so once you're done with this foundation we're going to move on to our second foundation. You know I didn't put enough on already. Might need some more. Yeah, even this muller out. You know just, even if you don't have any left you know you're always going to buy more. You're just going to use it. It doesn't want to come out so that sucks for me but you know what? We got some eyeshadow. Whoever told you not to put eyeshadow on you know they're wrong. You can put eyeshadow on on here. So you're just going to, you're just going to take some of that you know. Just put it on there. See how it makes my cheeks look nice and tan. So you can either, but you see the only thing I haven't done is I haven't gone to the tanning bed. You know that really finishes off your tan just so nice, so nice. Once I'm done with that eyeshadow I'm going to put on some more eyeshadow because you can never have an of eyeshadow on your cheeks like that's what it's for right eyeshadow. So I have three different colors here. It doesn't really matter just you know get in there, get in there, rub it all around. Put it along your forehead. Got the nice tan going on. And once you got that done now all you need is more, more blush. So I'm going to put that on. And we're going to move on to some eyeshadow. Okay see I got, I put that blush on but you know I didn't think I had a good enough tan. So I think you know hey let's just put some more eyeshadow on you know. Get this in there. Just get it on there. Get it all over. Oh I missed my eyes. It doesn't really matter because you know it's, nobody's going to notice. I mean I'm just tan. Just tan. See and then you don't have to brush your teeth because it makes your teeth look wider see. Okay once you're done with that we're going to put on some red cheek stuff. And it doesn't really matter if you get you know just get it all in there. Put on your cheeks like oh I didn't put enough on already. I'm going to just put some more on. Just put some more. Just get it in there. Just get it in there. You know my lips doesn't, there's really matter just because I'm going to have this all like blended. I'm going to have like these red lips going or like way too much lip gloss or chap's day you know whatever you want. Let me just, let me just, okay now I'm done with that. Okay so for shoes this mascara then this one, then this one, then this one, and then this one. Repeat that about five times so you know there's like way too much on. So I'm going to start with this one and then you'll see how I'm done. Okay so I finished my first layer of you know mascara. You know after this I'm going to put on some eyeliner. I mean what would I do without eyeliner like it just wouldn't be complete. You use the blue one and it's funny. I was walking past this pond the other day because I was at the park and I saw these ducks practicing their teenage girl faces. What a coincidence. Okay still not enough. And I'm, oh well that's dry. I'm going to have to add like ten more coats because I don't feel like it's enough. Um. Let me finish this up and I will see. Okay so the lighting sucks in my room. So we're going to go to the bathroom so you can see like the real like the whole, the whole deal right here. So this is, this is kind of, kind of what it's going to look like. So let me just set this up. Okay so once you finish putting on your mascara, um, it doesn't matter what order you do this and either. Um, and you know you can, you can never have enough mascara on and you know obviously I don't. So you can always just like get these fake eyelashes and um, if you have glue it will work fine. But I don't. So I'm just going to put some gel. If I can, I'm just going to put some gel on and stick them on. Okay so I didn't have any gel so I'm going to need hairspray and I'm just going to spray this mother until it's sticky. I'm not sure which eye goes on and I'm pretty sure it doesn't really matter. I mean it's not like one side is longer than the other. Yeah let's just put this on. Okay so of course that didn't work and I burned my eye. So let's just, let's just put on some. Oh shoot. Um, I like that. So I'm going to start putting this on. Let me just put this right in the middle and then just make it super thick like that because you know nobody's going to notice. So let's just, you know, get a darkened it up too. So just like sit there and just keep going. Just keep going until it looks like almost how it's all right. Because you've got to, You've extended a little, you've got to get this mother on there. Don't go all the way across because that's not how long people do it. You just can't do it that way. Doesn't matter if there's even, how thick it is, doesn't matter. So nobody's going to notice. Um, so after that, you know, still not done. How does this open? So you can just use your finger and use any color you want. You're going to, you know, put, you can use a skin tone color. You're just going to, just put some on. You know, you don't even have to blend it with your neck because nobody's going to notice. And you know, I'm going to be like, goes cold people who put it under their eyes. Looks so much better. So much. And you know, I still don't think I have enough eyeliner. So I'm just going to put some on real quick. And then, yeah, okay. Now that I have my eyeliner done, I'm just going to add some of this. Stuff. Yeah. So if you don't have lip gloss, it doesn't really matter. All, all you really need is just like a red marker. You just, shit. And it's okay if you like put it above your lip a little, make it look like, like, like you have bigger lips. So like when you do your duck face, it looks even better. So, you know, this is real lip gloss right here. Let me just put some of this on. Put some of this on. Um, see, now I'm done. And since I'm done, I just have to do my duck face. Because there'd be no point in this video if I just didn't do a duck face. Because it's kind of the point. So, see it in the lighting. I'm just, so, see this. You've got to, got to get the pearls going. Got to poke everything out. Poke it out. I like it. Yeah. I'll do that little butt thing where, because my butt is just so much bigger when I do this. And like in real life, it's like nothing. It's just nothing. So, you know, sorry to disappoint you guys. That's not big enough. But, oh my god, I forgot you drawing my eyebrows. I can hold it. Okay. So, it doesn't really matter what color you have. Because it's all just going to look the same. It's all going to look the same. So, that's kind of thick for my taste. Okay. I like to make it go up like that. And we just redraw these bad boys on. You know, it doesn't matter if they're even or not. Mother of Pearl. And then what you do is, is you get your, um, your, what's it called? Foundation. You just put it all over your eyebrows. Nobody will see them. Well, I can't really find it. So, we just dipped your finger in this. And it'll work just fine. You just shoot. Take some. Cream that stuff on there. You know, I'm going to, I've got to put it on the hairs. Why is it not coloring them? Okay. Okay. Okay. So, once you have those mothers redrawn, you are done. See, Tee still look white. Don't got a brush. Nobody's going to notice. So, thank you guys. Thank you for watching my video. Um, subscribe if you have a channel. Subscribe. I have other videos. Other videos.