 They're kind of similar to shrimp but a little bit or quite a bit different. I'm gonna need to just reach in with my fingers here. Oh, there we go. Alright, I think that's a good piece. I'll eat that there. It's everything you want in a good Chinese restaurant. Good morning, everyone. It's Mark Wins with migrationology.com in Hong Kong. This took the Metro to Tin House Station this morning. And actually I really wanted to go to this coffee shop street food stall called Bing Ki, which is right in this area. And I went there last time I was in Hong Kong. It's a great place. But unfortunately they are closed on vacation. So we are heading over to a different place to have some roast meat. Good morning, sir. Good morning. Thank you. You're welcome. Yeah, for here. For here. Chasiu. Chasiu. And pork. Pork. Okay. Roast pork. One pigeon. One pigeon. One pigeon. Made it to this restaurant and it is called Kwan Yu. And this is a definite meat paradise. You are met at the entrance with just a cabinet. A glass cabinet is fully stocked with an assortment of different kinds. Roast and braised meats. There's chicken. There's duck. Or maybe that's goose. There's roast pork. There's chasiu. All things delicious meat are within that front cabinet. And they do have a dining room in the back where you can take a seat and eat. But they also, it seems a lot of people come here for takeaway. Get a styrofoam box full of meat to go. I got one plate of rice topped with both chasiu and how could I resist that roast pork. They literally have the entire like carcass rib length of pork roasted. And like that golden, bubbly skin that is just irresistible. So I had to get some chasiu, which is the Chinese barbecue pork, plus the roast pork over rice. And then also I really wanted to have a pigeon. So I had to get a pigeon. Let me grab a pair of chopsticks. He very expertly chose the meat and then sliced it up expertly. The chasiu is on the bottom and look at that roast pork. That looks ridiculous all over rice. There's a splash of sauce on the bottom. Let me just go for a piece of the chasiu first. That was actually a very lean piece of chasiu. It's not too fatty. And it's actually really good about that. It's not too sweet. Sometimes chasiu can be a little bit too sweet for me. This one is more on the salty side, with just a little bit of balance of that sweet glaze. Oh, it's really good. It has a really nice like salty smokiness. Wow, okay. Uncontrary to that chasiu, which was pretty lean. This is like pure fat. I think that whole part is fat and then a piece of meat at the bottom. But look at that crust of skin and that color. Wow, that is fatty. But that just melts in your mouth until you get to that skin, which is just like pure, pure ultimate crispiness. That has to be balanced with a bite of rice. I'm going to get your balance with a piece of vegetable. I think it's choice on. It has a little bit of a bitterness to it. Really good. I'm going to make my way over to the pigeon now. And I don't think this is roasted. I think it's braised. Maybe soy sauce braised? I think so. And I have to begin with that little wing, that little drum right there. Look at the dark color of that meat and how succulent it is. And in fact, I'm just going to tear that guy off and get the whole drum in my first bite. Oh, that is like a really, really succulent meat. The skin, yeah, it's definitely not roasted. But it has like a, almost like a sweet honey glaze is what it tastes like. And then that meat underneath, it's like dark meat. But it's very, very lean and very, very succulent. Oh, that's so good. Next up, this is more of the breast piece, I think. Oh, yeah. That actually tastes like liver. Oh, it's so lean. And just so, just so pure. And it has a little bit of a mushy texture similar to liver and a little bit of like an irony taste to it. All of the meats here are really, really good. But on this plate, the chasu is definitely my favorite. And normally I would prefer the roast pork because the chasu can be kind of sweet. But the chasu here is excellent. And then I think just because the piece we got of the roast pork is a little bit on the extreme fatty side. It's a little too fatty for me. Or the ratio is a little, is a little on the fatty side. But the chasu in particular here is just absolutely fantastic. When you come here, you have to get some chasu. But actually my absolute favorite thing here is the pigeon. This pigeon is just insanely good. I think this is the wing with a little bit of the breast part. And I love pigeon how the skin is really good. But the actual meat is really, really lean. Okay, that's not going to break. I'm just going to have to bite it. This is an amazing place to eat your fill of roast meat when you come to Hong Kong. And the staff here, the owners are really nice as well. So if you're looking for some delicious meats in Hong Kong, this is a great place. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. That was a delicious meat experience in Hong Kong. And I just have to emphasize it one more time. Chasu is not always my favorite, but their chasu was fantastic. But I think my absolute favorite thing was that pigeon. You have to have a pigeon when you come here. We're going back to the subway and back to central. We made it to central station, took exit D2 and on our way to go eat at a dipideong. One of the great things about Hong Kong is that it's so hilly and so it gives you a chance to get some exercise just walking to the next restaurant. I don't know. I don't know. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Kelly. A dipideong is a registered licensed food cooked food stall in Hong Kong. And oftentimes they are street food stalls or even at market stalls that serve food. But one of the things about Hong Kong is that they used to be very popular, but now a lot of the dipideongs because they run within the family have started to phase out as Hong Kong has become more and more modern. But there are still some street food gems in Hong Kong. This being one of them and I am excited to be here for lunch. This dipideong is called Sinki and it's one of the most legendary dipideongs in Hong Kong. What I love so much about this is the atmosphere. You're sitting like you were right at central in Hong Kong surrounded by malls and fancy modern shopping centers and buildings, but then right within this alley there are some street food stalls and you come here, people are hanging out, people are relaxing, people it's really a throwback to traditional Hong Kong. And they have a full menu of different stir, mostly stir fried dishes and some soups. And I just ordered a couple of different dishes I am ready to eat for lunch. This is my kind of an environment. Oh thank you. I was just standing here watching him cook and he was cooking our street in South Park and he just gave me a taste of it right out of the walk. Okay it's so hot I got it. Hold that pot. At first I thought you just wanted me to take a photo. Then he held it out and he was like take it. He ordered a couple of different dishes including sweet and sour pork ribs and then also ordered chicken fried with green onions and lots and lots of ginger and then also some clams stir fried in black bean sauce. He tasted this because while I went to go film him cooking he was cooking this and he gave me a piece right out of the literally right out of the walk and right out of the spatula but I'll taste another piece. It's crispy and deep fried and inside is like pretty fatty pork but it's sweet and sour. It is a little bit sweet but it's balanced with sourness and you can just taste how he cooked it so fresh and that needs to be followed with rice. The clams just came to our table right now so I'm going to try them all their hot and fresh. The clams are fried with black bean sauce and there are some chilies in here and some onions. I will just grab that top guy right there filled with sauce. Oh that is awesome. Oh those are just bites of joy. The black bean sauce has a wonderful slightly like salty but like a preserved taste and then it is a little bit spicy from those green chilies and you can also really taste the breath of the wok which is called wakke which is the smokiness that only comes as a result of stir frying something on a very high heat and then finally this is stir fried chicken with lots and lots of green onions and what I love is there's just whole like mashed chunks of ginger in here as well but let me try a piece of chicken first. That's my kind of addition. It has like a wonderful charred flavor to it and then with like a brown gravy sauce and you can really taste the ginger as well as the green onions. Ginger, mmm, a little bit of a spiciness to it too and that is salty so that definitely needs to be eaten with rice. I'm going to go for this clam down here and there are some sliced up red chilies in here as well. Oh that is just covered in sauce and chilies. Oh that's so good. And the UK is really fresh and just the way they cooked them and this atmosphere. I love this place. I'm down to my final clam and I promise I didn't I didn't plan to put two clams in one shell. I just found it like that. I just kept eating and this was at the bottom of the stack. A double. Look at this beauty and look at all those toppings. Okay I did add the toppings on top but I promise I didn't add the clam to the other side of the shell. I'm going to go ahead and slurp this entire thing. This is the best dish for sure. Oh it's so good. But I also really like the chicken with the ginger. Not only is the food good here it's a little bit oily and salty as well and that's partly why it tastes so good but what's such great about this Thai Pai Dong is that ambience how you're right in central Hong Kong surrounded by sky-rise buildings and then within the alley it's just a totally different world and he is tallying up our bill right now. Okay total price comes to 169. We are heading back to the hotel for a little while this afternoon. It's hard to believe that this trip around the world for food with star alliance is almost over tomorrow evening I fly from Hong Kong back to Bangkok back home and yeah it has been an amazing trip but there is our final dinner and I was just trying to look around for places to eat in Hong Kong and I ran into a blog it's called strippixel.com and his name is Paul and he gave me some inspiration to go to a restaurant. It's a little ways from here we're going to take the subway it should might take about 30 minutes maybe 45 minutes to get there but it looks like a food mission that I do not want to miss and as a traveling food lover there's nothing better than taking a food mission. Right now we're at Admiral T station and we are going to go all the way up to full time. Made it to Hong Kong station and now transferring to the East Rail line which is the light blue line. The light blue line is actually a railway and so we're waiting for the train now this food mission is only building my anticipation for dinner tonight. That took exactly 32 minutes to get to full time station and it should just be a short walk to get to the restaurant from here. In the train we passed through a mountain and we are in a valley now mountain surrounding and still skyscrapers but it's very quiet. We took a little walk through the lush greenery and emerged into an apartment community this is called the Wuchie estate and it's like a little mini city. We are getting really close I can feel it and I'm getting my first glimpse of the place it's right here we made it. It's called Chun Kun Kee and this is a huge open air die pie dong style restaurant and they've only just opened for the evening so that's why it's not packed yet but they must have at least 100 tables in here some of them huge round tables that can accommodate 20 people at a table. There are a couple of tables where they are already feasting but there are I'm sure within an hour from now it's just going to be packed out. Normally at this restaurant they have a pad of paper and a pen and you write down your order but since I don't know Cantonese and I can't write Cantonese the good news is they do have a picture menu with some of their signature dishes so I'm just going to try to go find someone and tell them and ask them to kindly write down our order for us. This is a little bit tricky here but that is a sign of a great restaurant. I'm not sure who is working here who is serving or who is eating here but anyway the lady who is serving beer she was very kind and she helped me to write down the dishes I wanted and now we gave it to someone and hopefully our order is being processed. I'm going to pour some of this tea into the basin. Oh yeah that's hot. Rinse these up and then you want to make sure to rinse everything the spoons, the bowls and even the the entirety of them. The thing that I need to point out at this restaurant is that on all the tables they have a piece of plastic and because they have fans which are blowing throughout this entire restaurant and there's lots of air movement in order to keep the you in order to keep the plastic tablecloths from blowing away they I think they wet the tables and just set them down so they're like half the tablecloths they're half clapping but it works pretty well. The first dish has come out and I think they're just going to kind of bring dish by dish so I'm not going to wait for everything to arrive I'm going to get started eating. The first dish is drunken chicken and I got half a chicken and immediately as she brought this over you could smell the like I think it's rice wine that is prepared in and there is a whole set of quail eggs I think on the side and this is a beautiful chicken served in a metal bowl within a wooden vessel and you know it's a good chicken when there's still a feather on the skin over here. I'm going to take this piece right from here. Oh look at that. Oh that's beautiful. The layers of that is amazing. Oh wow look at all those layers of chicken and then the skin on the top you can see how the skin will actually just like peel right off of that meat. Wow okay. Oh that is amazing. It's served cold and then that texture of the chicken it's chewy a little bit chewy and it has that like country yard bird texture to it. Oh that's awesome and then although it has a very strong aroma of liquor you don't it doesn't have a strong taste of liquor but you can definitely taste a little bit mostly just like a fragrance it's perfectly salty and just that amazing like muscular texture of a chicken. You do have to be careful of biting into little bone shards because they've chopped up the chicken so sometimes there's a little piece of bone in your bite. The next dish that has come is a fried fish and I think it's a bearimundi and you just have to check this out the eyeball. It must have been fried on such a hot fire within such hot oil that the eyeball just popped out like a piece of popcorn. I might need my spoon for this. Oh wow that is very soft. Yeah I think it's a bearimundi fish and then it's just topped in a bunch of gravy sauce with green onions and I think that's ginger. Oh yeah that is ginger. Oh the fish is good. It's crispy on the outside and kind of fleshy on the inside a little bit salty a little bit oily and then with that nice taste of little of like crushed ginger all over it as well as green onions. Before their system as they bring out the dish they bring out the dish one by one but as they bring out the dish then you have what you the dishes that you wrote down and they check it off to confirm that you got it. So we're still waiting on one more dish but the third dish has arrived. These are mantis primes and these are they're kind of similar to shrimp but a little bit or quite a bit different and I think yeah they have a pretty hard outer shell so I'm going to need to just reach in with my fingers here and maybe I'll pluck off that pull off that head first. Oh wow and what's under oh okay I see actually come take a look at this looks like they are braised in a like chili sauce and then there's pieces of tofu on the bottom here. Oh let me eat one of those pieces of tofu right now so I can taste that sauce. Oh it just looks like it's purely absorbed all of that all of those juices down there. Oh and I can smell human too. Wow. Oh that is delicious. Oh that's like a hot chili oil below there when I bit into that piece of tofu. The chili oil just like exploded and hit the back of my throat. Okay now back to the mantis broad. It kind of looks like a centipede like a like a cross between a centipede and a shrimp. Oh here we go pull off that whole oh no I broke him in half. Okay let me eat that. It's similar to shrimp but with a little bit of a crabby flavor as well and maybe maybe it has like a little more of like a fishy taste than shrimp. I'm honestly not sure what is the easiest way to peel these. Alright I think that's a good piece I'll eat that there. Yeah really kind of kind of tastes like a cross between crab and shrimp. Yeah it's kind of like stringy like crab but then it has the taste of shrimp but with a little bit of a sweeter kind of more softer texture. Well that's a hot bowl of rice. And finally this is the last dish I ordered and I didn't actually have any idea what this is but I just saw it on the menu and the picture menu and because of all those all these chilies that was enough to make me order it and it has come and it is just as pretty as I thought it would be and I think it's actually fish. Slice is a fish down here. There are there's loads of dried chilies in here. I think this is CME's cardamom. You can smell the Sichuan pepper in here. You can smell the ginger. I'm glad I decided to order this and I had no idea what it was but I saw the picture right up there. It's right above where I'm sitting and so I had to order it and I'll start with this piece of fish here. Oh yes. That is as good as I had hoped for. Well that fish has an amazing silky texture to it and then there's so many dried chilies in here. You can really taste the cumin and also you can really taste maybe a like ginger and so many spices going on in here. What is this kind of a nut or spice? Yeah there's a lot going on and it is creating just a medley of delicious spiciness. I didn't even realize the restaurant is full. When we came it was almost empty now. It's packed and there's not even an empty table. Okay back to the fish. Oh and you do have to be careful of bones. There are bones. Lots of them. Let me fish this guy out. Oh I'm so happy I ordered this dish. Eat that with rice that's amazing. Let me try one of those dried chilies. Oh yeah. And I think it's a little bit spicy but it might kick in in a little bit in a few seconds from now. And then on the bottom there's some pickle I think preserved mustard greens as well as bean sprouts. I'm also really loving the drunken chicken and you can see some of these pieces the the skin has just started to like gelatinize because if it's cold yeah look at that gelatin right there. That's like cold chicken gelatin. Oh and that piece from the bottom you can definitely taste the alcohol in it. Really really good though. The texture of the chicken is so wonderfully chewy. Wow was that good and the restaurant is just packed right now. I think you have to walk your bill up to the front to pay. Wow wow we won. Okay we found we found the line where you pay for your food. Ying is at the cashier now paying and I am just absolutely marveling at this restaurant. It is so huge there must be like a thousand people eating right here and it's busy it's chaotic. It's everything you want in a good Chinese restaurant. So I'm glad we got here early to get a table and we are now out of here but that was an unbelievably memorable dining experience in Hong Kong. It is just insane how they are able to serve so many people at one time and maintain the quality of the food and they have it down to a system. All right now walking back through the apartment complex back to the train station mission complete. We walked back over to the railroad station. That was one of the meal experiences that is worth traveling for. The food was good. The atmosphere was just pure, exciting Hong Kong and yeah I absolutely love that. I'm gonna say that was an ultra successful mission accomplished for food tonight. Oh and it was worth every minute on the subway to get here. I would say that this restaurant it would be really helpful if you could come here if you had a local with you who could speak Cantonese. I didn't really know what I was doing to order. I just had to choose off those off of the pictures but as I was walking around the restaurant I saw lots of people had ordered many many different dishes that all looked incredible. And if you knew how to order them that would be even the upper hand but anyway it's a fantastic restaurant. It's worth the trip out here. We're gonna head back now to Hong Kong Island so I'm gonna end the video for today right now. Thank you all very much for watching today's video. It's been a fantastic food day in Hong Kong. And please remember to give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Make sure you click subscribe for lots more food videos and I will see you on the next video. Thank you again for watching.