 Hello my creative friends Jessica Sanders here of ColorMeCreativeArch.com and today I'm going to share with you a quick way to make a full mercury glass ornament using alcohol ink. So thank you for watching and I promise this is so quick and easy you will be amazed. So first of all you just need a clear glass ornament. You can buy those at your local hobby store. I've removed the top as you can see. I'm going to sip this right here. You also need mushroom colored alcohol ink ornament or some similar grayish greenish kind of color. I know that sounds strange but trust me it works and then you need silver, mixative and you may need a little bit of isopropyl alcohol but that just depends on how it goes for you. You also need some type of canned compressed air that you get at your office store. Alright so let's get started. So it's really simple. The first thing I'm going to do is pour the mushroom alcohol ink right around the edge and let it flow in and shake it up. Now I use actually that's quite a bit of ink in this enclosed ball because it's not going to evaporate as quickly because it is enclosed and I'm just shaking it around so I can get that ink just moving all around the ball. Oh I forgot to mention you also could use some iridescent glitter. That's going to make it really nice and shiny and reflective. Okay so I have this inside of the ball coated. That's real time guys real time. Now I'm just going to add some silver and I'm going to kind of do the same method but not squeezing as much because I don't want as much of a silver. You really don't need it because the mixatives really are very strong and then a little bit more of the mushroom and shake it around again if you want but now I'm going to go straight to my can air and I'm just going to start blowing just putting the tip inside and blowing. I'm going to see. So the mushroom ink is translucent. You can see through it quite nicely which makes it perfect and it makes the silver take on this gold tone which is also perfect for our faux mercury glass ornament and also these ornaments are are when you think of mercury glass it's not a solid surface it's sort of modeled and and keep looking which makes it perfect for this. Now I still have a lot of wet ink in here which is exactly what I want. I'm just going to take my iridescent glitter. This is really fine glitter. I'm missing my little scooper. So I just poured some in there. I probably poured much more than I needed this time and I cut some on the outside and we wipe that off and then I'm just going to shake and that mushroom colored ink is going to color the glitter a little bit so it's going to have some gold some iridescent some silver look to it and really coat our ornament. All right now you can actually leave it just like this who would be perfect. It's coated on the inside with glitter but it still needs to dry a little so you could just turn it upside down and a little container to the side here. Also you could go back and be aware the glitter is going to poop out but see like that because I have too much. Do a little bit of blowing inside there to move it around and there you have it. A nice faux mercury glass ornament. Here's one that I just made a few minutes ago. Beautiful beautiful beautiful. Okay thank you so much for joining me for this quick tutorial. I will see you soon. Bye.