 Hello friends, today we will quickly look into how to grow and care armlotry or the Indian Ghostberry plant and also show you reporting of this medicinal plant. Stay tuned. Philanthus Emblica, also known as Emblik, mylobalan, Indian Ghostberry, Malakatri or Armlotri is derived from the Sanskrit word Amalaki. He is a deciduous tree of the family, Philantheshae and it is known for its famous edible fruit called Amlok which is used in various Ayurvedic and Yunani medicines. The fruit is a richest source of vitamin C and its spherical light green to yellow, smooth and has a hard appearance with six vertical stripes or faros. Well, without going into any details of this plant more follow your medicinal values, we will quickly look into the care tips and then report this Amalok plant brought from industry. First factor is the soil. When trained rich organic matter soil is required for growing amlotry. A pH level can be slightly acidic to slightly alkaline and the water drop and clear soil is bad and must be avoided and also avoid too much loose or too much sandy soil because the plant requires anchoring or the support. Then the next factor is watering. Regular and good watering is essential at the end gauge and also in summer season. Once the tree gets established it doesn't require regular and frequent watering. In any case water stagnation must be avoided. Then third factor is the sunlight. The light requirements are similar to any other plant and about 4 to 6 hours on light is sufficient for amlotry. Then the fourth factor is pruning. For good growth pruning is necessary. You can plant pruning depending on your requirement like whether you want a bushy plant or a tall plant and in any case pruning promotes growth. Fifth factor is fertilization. Use organic nutrients as much as possible because this is an edible fruit producing plant. You can use decompaused cow dung powder or any other organic fertilizer once in about 3 months. Lastly it's prone to pests like caterpillars and millibucks. So keep a watch and try to eliminate these pests at an early stage. Now quickly we'll report this amlop plant. You can see the soil used by this nursery. The nursery is clear soil and this should be avoided in home gardening. They use clear soil because they water the plants less frequently. So try to free up the roots as much as you can from the soil. The roots seem to be very well developed here and deeper. And here we'll be using our well-drained soil made up of garden soil 40% cocoa pee 20% and perlite 20% plus vermicompost 10%. You can even plant this in a larger pot at least the recommended potting pot size is about 12 inch diameter. Here I'm planting this in ground and we'll update you on the grotto at our Instagram or the Facebook page. Also one last take home tip for re-potting any plant. After re-potting, when you water the plant to remove air pockets or the first time watering, you want to spoon some salt into water to help the plant cope with the so-called transplant shock. That's it. See you in my next video on our Epsom Salt in Gardening. If you like the video please hit the thumbs up button below the video and also subscribe to our channel with the notification bell icon click to on position so that you receive notification whenever I add a new video. Happy Gardening!