 Hey everyone, Morgan here with Armed Rogue. I wanted to do a quick video about a possible breakfast food for camping, hiking, you know, general prepping. I love pancakes, I do love how filling they are and I was looking into it and Ansemima has a brand of pancake mix that you just add water. Hungry Jack also has one and then there's a bunch of other brands that are like the pancake mix plus protein and for the price, you know, the pancake mix plus protein, it's about half this size, it just coming a bag but it's about $8 and this was like $3 or $4 or something like that. Now I did some research, as I said there are a bunch of different brands, well not a bunch, but a few different brands and I read that Ansemima was delicious without syrup. Now that was pretty important to me, however I went ahead and bought a little mini thing of syrup and I'm going to put this along just inside and then I'm just going to put it inside along with the pancake mix like this. Now that could be redundant, I may decide that I, you know, I asked there were camping trips or hiking trips or whatever this, I don't want that, that it'll be fine just with it. I transferred two cups of this into a vacuum seal bag and I also wrote how many cups of two cups and then I also wrote how many cups of water I'm going to need in order to, you know, make this entire batch. Now, you know, this entire batch is probably a lot even for two people so what I am going to do is I'm going to put this inside of this Ziploc bag. So when I open this vacuum seal seal bag, I'll be able to put the remaining contents of this in this Ziploc bag and then this, you know, put it back in the backpack. But I'm going to go ahead and do my own taste test right now before I get out into the field because I want to know if these do taste good without butter or without anything else, just the pancakes by themselves because, you know, when you're camping, you want to have the least amount of stuff. So if I don't have to carry this syrup to make the pancakes delicious, then that would be ideal. Let's do this. Just as an FYI, I have had the best quick brand, just add butter and it's not good. So I'm really hoping this is going to be good, but if it's not, there are other brands such as Hungry Jack or some other brands to try. So mmm, pancake. Alright, so no syrup, no butter, nothing. First bite. That's actually really good. Just by itself, it still tastes very like, it kind of tastes buttery a little bit like, I don't know how to describe it, but it tastes really good. Like it doesn't taste just like a bland pancake. So the ancho mima totally recommended. If there are any other, just add butter pancake mixes that you like, let me know. But I think this would be really good for peppers, hikers, campers, anybody for a nice quick breakfast. I'll see you later. I'm not eating though. I kind of finished it off with syrup.