 Hey guys, Brennan here being your own tools aka ABOIT. Thank you for joining me and today we are working on replacing my busted AS fans. It is pretty dilapidated. Let's get started. Let's talk about materials. For a 40-foot long span with a gate I used all these materials. You can go and pause it. I don't want to read all these. You also need a table saw, a level, a string line, measuring tape, two inch long exterior screws, eighth inch and half inch drill bit, spray paint, wood preservative with brush, six inch washer and bolts with washer and nuts, easy gate hardware kit, a square and a pencil, a drill or drill is possible. You also need a saw saw, a skill saw, and a chop saw. Man, it's a lot of saws. My Oma that is one ugly fence line. Now you can see why we are doing all this work. First off we have to demo out this old fence and the only one that is holding up are these metal posts which are actually in pretty good condition but the bolts are no match for the saws off. Ah, the demo portion of a project does make me feel good inside. I don't know, is that weird? Anyways, the one portion of this project that I am very happy with is that I did have a helper for this entire project which comes in extremely handy because a lot of this is a two man job. Release, it makes it a lot easier with two people. Now I have made the executive decision of salvaging these posts because they are in very good condition and actually straight. I braid the surface with 80 grit sandpaper and I spray it with a nice glossy black because the whole galvanized look is not working for me on this project. Once all my posts are painted and looking fabulous, it is time to move on to my 4x4 posts. I don't need a super tall fence line which is why I bought 10 foot posts and I'll be cutting them in half. So you can save a little money in the long run. I measure the whole locations on the steel pipe and then transfer that to the wood posts trying to be as accurate as possible. I suggest using a fatter bit than you actually need because that gives you a little leeway on maneuvering these posts once they are in. This point go ahead and insert your bolts and see if your measurements actually turned out. Once your bolt makes it to the other side, go ahead and place a washer and a nut on each bolt and hand tighten it. Now that you know your posts is not going anywhere, go ahead and take your drill and tighten it fully, making sure you're checking for the levelness as you go. As you can see, my I'm a little off. So what did I do? I took a couple of washers, put them in between the posts and the steel rod and look at that. Boom, done. Once all my posts are in, I take a string line and it's string across all the posts to figure out exactly the height I want and make sure it's congruent with all the other posts. I then take my two by ten pressure treated lumber and rip two inch strips on my table saw. I'll be cutting these down and attaching them to the posts. Pressure treated lumber is perfect for exterior use but it only works if the solution is actually on the lumber itself. And if we make all these cuts, it's not on both two sides so what we do, we take our pressure treated solution and spread it across all the boards. That way you can last four years to go. Now in all reality, the only reason why I have to do this step is because the fact that my cedar planks are only 8 feet long and they can't reach from post to post, which is why I have to put this ledger on both sides of each post. Just keep that in mind because hopefully you don't have to do this step. Once this is to take care of it, it's now time to prep my cedar planks by pre drilling all of the holes, yes all of them. Do not try and avoid this step because if you do, your boards will crack once you start stringing into it. I know from experience since I didn't want to drill easy there. Once you install your first board, you want to check for levelness and make sure everything looks nice and straight because it's a lot easier to fix now than later. I'm using a half inch spacer board between each plank. The spacing can be whatever you want but I feel that a half inch or a little bit greater is the perfect eye appealing look. I just laugh when I see those fences with a full inch space. What do they think? Anyways, the main thing I want to think about when installing this half offense or really any fencer installing is making sure it looks level. If it doesn't look level, your eye will catch it and it will drive you nuts. I'm starting from the top down which is easier if you do have two people but if you don't have two people, I would definitely suggest doing it from the bottom up because that way you have gravity on your side and you don't have to worry about trying to hold on to each board every single time. On a quick side note, I do realize that most people will not have this type of post system already installed in their yard but I do and I didn't want to dig holes. So sorry if you're not sure on that one, maybe in another BIOT. And of course no fence party would be complete with Atticate so let's make a gate and I am using Easygate and in all row this system does make it quite easy to make. You can make it any size you want as long as you have this bracket system and it really does make it quite easy. I need to be a spokesperson for these guys. As long as your poster square, this project is quite simple because the fact that all you have to do once the frame is taken care of is screw it to the post and you should be good to go. Once you have the gate installed and swinging correctly, go ahead and install your slats right onto the framework itself. Now this is not an easy project even with two people so as you can see the light will be dimming because the fact that we were here all day and all night so on to day two. Now I do have to cut off some of these tops so I take my square strike line and use my skill saw to cut one side and then the other. Just make sure you are careful in this because it is a sharp blade and things might shoot at you like a little block. Now that all the tops are cut off you are ready for your top gap. I start up by measuring your compost to post and I measure to the center of the next post. I adjust the angle of my chop saw to 25 degrees. Now you don't have to have an angle on this but it does create a better butt joint once you join both ends together. Do that sound dirty? Kind of. That's my old stripper name. Anyways, moving on. Nice thing about this top cap is that you don't have to be too insanely accurate with your measurements as long as it is supported by both posts. Also make sure you are looking at your lumber and noting any weird marks that are on your lumber. Making sure that is on the side that is actually down and you can't see it because no one wants to do that. When placing a top cap feel free to hammer the end of your top cap that way you know you have a tight seal on the other side. Also it is nice to sand the ends of your top cap just so they fit properly if there are any spas. Take a quick measurement on each end to make sure you have even spacing on both sides. I also recommend pre drilling your holes just to make sure nothing cracks because that's the last thing you want to worry about at this point. Then go ahead and screw in on both sides of the post making sure that the top cap is locked into place and onto the next one. Make sure they butt up against each other properly. Hopefully they land flush but doesn't have to be perfect. Just as long as you are happy with the seam. Go ahead and continue the process for each post just making sure that you need a nice flat cut on the end joint because you don't need an angle one. Then you have one mighty fine sexy beast of offense. Look at that. That is one magnificent difference. And there you have it. Episode number 12 of B.O.B.T. Dunn. Good to go. As you can see that was quite the vast improvement over what was there. As a sign up please know that this is not the cheapest project of all time but hopefully you can split it with your neighbors. It makes things a lot easier. In any case, thank you for your time. Please like this video. Just grab this channel and please let me know what you like me to do in my next video. I might do it. In any case, thank you for your time and catch you next time. Safety tip. Watch out for bees. We did run across them and luckily my neighbor had a suit. I don't know why. Sorry, Peter. I really didn't want to get stung and I actually do like bees but you know I'm sure there's some kids around here that are allergic somewhere.