 This is an assembly and use video for the best value of X close column extractor. Our close column extractor is comprised of a couple of components. We got our legs, we got our bottom valve and a barb. We have our top cap with a flare. This is a 1.5 inch by 6 inch column. I decided to use a smaller system just so it fits in the video quite nicely. So the components you're going to get, you can get your legs, obviously. You've got your bottom valve, 150 micron screen. What I'm going to do is connect that to your column. Close everything up a little bit. Alright, so that part you're all set. Now there is your mesh screen at the bottom, so you can put your material in at this time. Some people prefer a little bit of additional filtering. We use something like an Unbleached Coffee Filter. We sell our own filter paper that you can use. They look like discs like this or all, ashless filter paper. You can simply take your paper and you can literally pack it down into the column. And then you can start packing your material on top of it. This rod here is our packing rod. It doesn't come with a kit. It's an Ola-Cart item. It's kind of nice to have. It'll help you pack your material columns nice and tight. Okay, so after you pack your material into it, you're all set to finish the assembly. Before I finish the assembly, I want to talk about one more thing. One of the other comments that I do get from customers is they want to pull back in from here in your next step. And they worry that they might pull material into their vacuum pump. Well, slightly, that's not going to happen. This is going to evacuate in a few moments, a few moments, really, like literally seconds. So the amount of air space in here isn't going to be traveling a lot of air into your vacuum pump. However, if you are concerned about it, you can pack more filter paper on top of the material before you close it up, just to prevent anything from going in it. The system I put together here, as you can see, this cap is a little bit different from this cap that you see here. The other cap is very simple. Just has a flat bottom. Now, you can interchange the bottom of the top. If you have a flat bottom, this one has a spray ball. The spray ball will help disperse the solvent as it's going into the system, so you don't just have this one jet kind of burning a hole through the material. I also added all the upgrades to this. So this one has a cyclast so that you can see that the solvent is actually moving into the system. We also have a gauge here that is compounded, it's pressure and vacuum, so you'll be able to use both on this system. So you can see what the pressure is, when it's under pressure, and also when you pull back you want it. So, assuming you've used your filter on the top, or what have you, the next thing we're going to put our top on here. I'm going to worry if this one you guys can see it. Next stage, what you're going to do is you're going to close the valve on the bottom, make sure it's closed. One other thing to note to, all of these valves that come in the system, we test every single one of them, every interface. It's all tested with nitrogen to make sure that it's completely leak tight and safe for use. So you pull it back into the system, as I said, or take a moment. Close your valve, take your vacuum off. With a larger system, you might have a larger column. All of these things are sizable. You know, you could buy this system and you can get a larger column, a taller one, larger diameter. All these things are really easy to fit together. So you can buy the system confidently knowing that even if it's something that doesn't fit your size now, you can grow into it very easily. All right, so we're under vacuum. The next thing that we're going to do is we're actually going to fill it with our solvent. So what I'm going to do is we have a couple of different methods. Everybody's familiar with using cans. So we have our solvent, we have our solvent tip adapters that you guys are familiar with. What you're going to do is you're going to pick the most relevant adapter to fit inside this flare right here. Before I do that though, I want to show you one more thing. So these things can be filled with tanks. We have a bunch of different solvent tanks that we sell on our site. We have our stainless steel hoses, which have a PTFE liner, which makes it safe. I would recommend not using vacuum lines to do it. EDPM rubber does break down with different solvents and it can contaminate what's your material inside here. So you can hook this directly up to any of the tanks that we have at comes with the fittings. So it's all turn and feed for you. Alternatively, if you had cans that don't have tips and you didn't have any tip adapters, you could pick up one of these can tap tools. This will actually punch a hole in the side of the can. You can connect this right here to our can tap. Now we've modified these can taps because they have an internal check valve built into them. So that way you guys can use them. So if you do go out and get one, it may not work for you, but we do have them. They're very inexpensive. They're not the greatest tool to use because they do get the rubber does get cold over time. It tends to shrink. So if you get through like three or four or five cans, it starts to get really cold and you might not have a good seal on it. But it is an alternative that does exist, so we try to make that available. Okay. So assuming we're going to be using just a regular cans, put my tip back in here. What you're going to do is you're going to insert your can and you're going to depress it. All right. So there's no leaks. Now what you're going to do is, if you guys can see this, you're going to open this and the solvent is going to start to run down the glass. So you'll be able to see that happen. The other thing is step right there. The other thing is you also see that your pressure starts to increase. One of the things to note about the close column extractor is when you fill these things, you can fill them all the way up, but keep in mind that you can only put so much solid into the actual column. The reason being is the pressure inside the can eventually will equal the same pressure inside the column, so you won't be able to put any more into it. The vacuum you pulled on it also helps you bring some of the solvent into the system. But I like to tell people, usually you're going to get solid filling up about 80% of the way. So one of the things that happens is I tell people you might want to get a column a little bit larger size for it. But if you didn't, you can always buy another column, stack it on there, get another clamp and gasket and you're all set. All the gaskets that we use in the system are completely compatible with the solvents, on the hydrocarbon solvents out there, so you don't have to worry about it. Aside from that, after this steeps for a predetermined amount of time, basically that's up to the user. You can let this steep for seven minutes. I've heard people letting it steep for up to 40 minutes. You're going to have to play with it and determine based on the material that's in here what kind of output you want. But what's great about it is after it steeps, you can release this in a controlled fashion and you can get yourself a great extract.