 Stay tuned for tips and techniques from the nation's top chefs in the Chef's kitchen. I love your skewers, but you're eating the same. That's a beautiful, they actually from Greece, those ones, right? Hi and welcome to the Chef's Kitchen, I'm your host, Tina Marie. And today I'm joined by Chef Walter State, right here in the city tavern garden, and we are having an innovative tailgating party courtesy of Deez and Watson. Well, you know, you can just take a sausage and throw it in a grill, or you can make your life a little complicated, and do what I do. And we're delicious, and we're creative. Absolutely. So we are, you have, I've actually prepared these beautiful skewers using Deez and Watson, authentic European sausages. For the few US wood, make sure that you are so good in water overnight. We have obviously the black forest broadwurst, which is right here. So we have the authentic Deez and Watson broadwurst. We have also using the Nacquers. The authentic Nacquers. And we are using the Chirix sausage, which I want to my favorite. It's a new line of chicken sausages dynamite. If you want to open those quick for me. Certainly. How do these compare to authentic black forest sausage broadwurst and Nacquers in the black forest itself? You couldn't tell the difference, but you do, again, depends what you like. You want to have a big piece of sausage, small piece of sausage, or if your neighbors come that are kind of in the cheap side, then you can kind of really small, whatever you want to do. You know, we are inviting everyone. Yeah, so if you want to do that, then you put the size of it here. It's a nice size to do it. Just like so. The onion, with your cut the onion this way. Yes. So that it holds onto it. It's like so. Next, you take peppers, any peppers you like. And now, it's not only being authentic European recipes with these sausages. They're made with all natural casings. Again, you know, with Deez and Watson, it's always the finest ingredients. There's no non-meat fillers. Which is, which is, which is, which is, which is, which is, which is, which is, exactly the idea. And that's why, when you eat one of those, you will not, the flavor is just spectacular. I love working here in your garden. It's just a beautiful morning here. If you get to really taste the outside Philadelphia, you know, with the, the accent, do you serve dinner and lunch out here, Walter? Yes, we do. Well, not if it's a, how you made it, nobody wants to sit out. Except to your paints, they don't really care. They don't really care if it's too hot. Actually, it's, it's wonderful out here. I feel perfect. Now, let me show you this good. Don't do no more. This is fine. The idea is there. Now, let me show you really quick way to do a barbecue sauce, spectacular. Okay. So, we're going to take two things. We're going to take a Deez and Watson horse radish. Deez and Watson horse radish. With horse radish in the bottom. And again, there depends how much horse radish you want to put in. Okay. Let me take honey, regular honey, and pepper. And there depends how much pepper you want in there. And then any store-bought barbecue sauce. Look, any store-bought barbecue sauce right on there. Okay. And all you want to do is bring it to a quick boil. So, the addition of the Deez and Watson horse radish, really gives it a nice kick and flavor then. Absolutely. I mean, it's finished. It looks like that. Okay. And then all you got to do. So, you're going to brush. You want to just baste it nicely over the, to keep up. And you want to do this a bunch of times. So, the idea is when you cook that, you cook it on a slow heat. Very deeply slow heat because you don't want to overpower it. Because you want to make sure the vegetables don't have a chance to kind of get cooked and get steamed. Not completely raw. The other sauce I have, which is a classic sauce. This is a chunkier sauce. It's a basic paprika and bacon and onions in there. And the vegetables on the website is easy. Okay. It's a source for a shashlik. When you heard about October Fest. Yes, of course. And this is what we serve on the K-bop. So, if you want to ridden, use a barbecue sauce, dry that. It's very simple. All we do is onions, bacon, garlic, a little paprika, a little flour, a little stock. Bring it to a sauce. And in the last moment, we add into some sour cream. Some sour cream, okay? Just two. Could you use fresh or is it really sour cream? You want to mix that up for me, right? Yeah. And again, we're talking about your heritage in the Black Forest. And how deep some was and is so committed to old world recipes. Well, there's a lot of shortcuts and there's a lot of imitators around. But let me tell you something. And at the end of the day, the difference will always show. Well, deep some was and is a true family. It's a family business. I mean, we're talking about a business that has been in existence since 1939. Which is quite, which is quite... Which is quite... Which is quite... Do the family. Which the priority is to make it sure, to make it tasty. And it's not, you know, sometimes it's not just about the stock market. Of course not. Sometimes it's like, it's about love. It's a family commitment to highest quality ingredients, to, you know, authentic European traditions, to keeping those traditions alive. And we can feel comfortable in serving these wonderful delicacies to our own family. So if we say, and they're under corner here, then I will take a little potato salad over here. And so very made potato salad, just so that it's a little bit distal Watson. These two Watson potatoes salad. That's a gourmet salad. Maybe a lot of people don't realize if they have a whole line up. The whole complement of everything you need. The cold slow over here. I love cold slow. It happens to be one of my favorite tailgating party side salads. Okay. I can take the sauce a little bit over. Oh, water. And then we'll take a little bit of this one over here. Give me some pepper flakes over there. Yes, sir, certainly. So you're actually combining the two sauces. Yeah, you can do this as you can now look at the different lady. You know I love two? This is an entire meal on a skewer. So we can have a little bit of this. This is George Washington's ale. Yeah, this is his actual recipe. We got to new York Public Library. And I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. Let's just gonna be for Christmas's hot. Oh, I love these, these casings. They snap. Mmm. Fabulous, deep smoked taste. I would take another bit of this beautiful German sausage. Mmm. So juicy. I love it. With you and with decent lots and tailgating parties are like no other. Nothing too. It's delicious. Yes. Deeds and wants some. Expect the best.