 Hey everybody this is Growit Buildit and I'm going to show you how to get rid of wild onions, wild garlic or whatever you want to call it, onion grass without damaging your lawnmatch without using chemicals. This is a perennial plant that grows from a bulb and it grows in early spring, late fall when the rest of your grass isn't growing and it gets tall. It will be noticeable and unsightly and it will even dull your lawnmower blades a bit but because it will be sticking out above your regular lawn so much you might be tempted to pull it. You don't want to do that. This plant is engineered to survive that. Most of the time it's going to just break off at the sod line and you'll be left with the bulb deep in the ground yet and you'll have to deal with that plant later. Here's one that I got all the way out and you can see the bulbs way down below my pinky and look like little scallions or something. But the sod line is quite a bit above it. It's usually around 4 to 6 inches above it and so you have to get all of this. The reason why chemicals don't work so well is this is not a broad leaf so broad leaf weed killer doesn't work so well it'll shed it. If you do try to pull it this is what normally happens unless you have really nice soil you'll be just kind of holding the handful of stalks and the bulbs will still be there and the plant will come back. So the way I get rid of this is I wait until it rains and then the next day I'll try to get out there and I'll take a shovel or a pitch fork and then space it several inches off the plant and put it at a steep angle so that I can get about 6 inches underneath the plant when I get it. Then you're basically going to kind of just gently rock it back and you can pull on the stalks while you're doing this as long as you're gentle about it. And it's just until you can kind of roll it back and start looking around for these white stringy roots. There'll be a whole bunch of them in one area and that's where the cluster of bulbs is. They're all grouped together pretty well. And then you're going to pick away at that a little bit. If you make sure you don't drop any bulbs if you do just take it out because otherwise you'll have another plant. But once you can get most of that cluster inside your fist, all you basically do is hold the sod and pull. And you're basically doing the opposite of pulling a weed and that you're going in the wrong direction so to speak. You're pulling it through the sod. And this will leave a small hole in your sod pad that you just dug up. But it's pretty much the same as aerating your lawn. But anyways, once you've gotten everything out, you pretty much just have to replace the sod right back where you dug it up. And this works very well. You can go after individual plants. You know, if your regular weed killer won't work, you're pretty much stuck using a roundup or boiling water or vinegar, which will kill all your grass as well. But this is the most effective way I've found to do it without leaving a bunch of pot holes around your lawn. One other way to do this, it's the way I normally do it, is with a pitch fork. I use a pitch fork because I can line up the plant in between the tines. And that way I know I pretty much have no chance of stabbing a ball or cutting the stalk. But once you do that, the process is basically the same. You're just going to pry it back, rock back, and forth gently until you can pull the plant through the sod pad. Before I forget, if you find this information useful or like the video, please click like. Subscribe if you want to see more of this. And if you like other stuff like this, go over to growabildo.com. We've got a lot of interesting articles over there. But again, the key is to get the bulb completely, the stalk completely out of there. And then, you know, dispose of it where it's not going to grow back anywhere else. Not even in your neighbor's yard because they might go to seed and then you're going to wind up with more of these. So that's about it. Really, once you've done this, you shouldn't have a plant come back or if you do, it'll be much reduced. But I hope you've enjoyed it. Thank you very much.