 Hi, I'm Christina Jackson, Natural Food Chef and holistic health coach. I am here today to show you how to make a quick and easy, dairy-free cashew meal. You're going to need about a half a cup of raw cashews. I'd say about another half a cup of pitted dates. Make sure you do that beforehand. It won't go well in the blender. I just have some sea salt here. I like to add a pinch to taste. So you can either keep that or omit that either way. And a nice amount of water. And make sure that's a high-quality water, whether it's purified or a natural spring. You want a high-quality water in here. And this is about four cups of water. So what we're going to do is let's get it in our blender. I'm going to start off with the cashews. And we're going to put the dates. I like to put a little bit of water in, just kind of get them started. All righty. So now that we have all those ingredients in there, go ahead and turn your blender. Now you can use any type of blender. My favorite, the Vitamix, is incredible. It's like the Cadillac of Blenders. This thing can whip up smoothies. It can whip up soups. Pretty much about anything. Now you can go ahead and add more water. And it's kind of like eyeball it. It's based on consistency. What kind of consistency do you want your milk? I want mine. Pretty thin. So I'm going to put a half of that in there. Oh, two cups. Give it another try. Okay, that's looking about right. Let's give it a check. Yeah, that looks about right. So we have some amazing cashew milk here. And it looks incredible. I can't wait to try it. So I'm going to grab a glass. Give it a pour. Nice and frothy. And that's how you make cashew milk. I knew I'm going to enjoy this, whether it's in my super food granola or just as a little morning beverage. But this is delicious. I recommend you give it a try. Enjoy. Well, thanks for watching. Be sure to check out our other videos here on Mojolo. And if you don't see something that you'd like, be sure to email me at requestatmahalo.com.