 Hey guys, Jared Moon here from Into Three Fitness and today we are doing some garage gym DIY equipment. We are making a lap pull down and tricep pull down pulley system. I'm going to teach you how to do it step by step. So let's get started. The first thing that you're going to need with any sort of DIY project is going to be good planning. I kind of sketched out what I wanted to look like with my horrible artistic work there. It kind of got my shopping list. This is about a 90% plan. We'll plan the rest of the 10% once we get to lows to buy the equipment. And we got loads of stuff. Here I'll lay it all out. We got about six foot, just a little over six foot of this coated pulley cable. I'm going to go through everything. We got inch and a half single eye pulley. That will go at the top. That's rated at 420 pounds. We've got some nice blue and white rope. That's going to be our handle. We'll see how that works out. Then we have these quick links. This is for looping the cable around. I'll explain how a lot of this works as we go step by step. Spring clip rated at 280 pounds. Another quick link. Some chain to wrap the weight on. These help with putting the pulley in that loop fashion I was talking about. We're going to need another one on that end. Six inches of this to go at the top. That goes there. That's pretty much all you need. I'll put the equipment list in the description below. But it's pretty simple. It's only cost me about 30 bucks. You can actually buy one of these entire pulley systems. Add a lot like Amazon or Rogue Fitness.com. They're going to cost 100 bucks plus shipping. I wanted to see if I can do it cheaper. This is 30 bucks. Let's see how it works out. The first thing you want to do. I already have one end attached here. Then you want to make sure that you have your pulley on. That's going to be a permanent piece. Leave that up there. Then this set. It's pretty simple. This goes around. You're just finding the right length here. You've got to fold this around. This cable is pretty strong. That's probably the most complicated part of the project. But then once you have it there, you just bring this down. Make sure I have enough space here. That they both fit. There we go. Then from here, I'll just make sure it's really tight. Make sure it's got enough cable. Then I will start to tighten these down. Pretty simple. That's what we got so far. We got these wrapped down here so I can put things like this around for the handle. I'm going to unscrew this one and put it here. That's how the weight's going to go on. The pulley's up here. That's going to be connected via this small chain to a pull-up bar. This will be for the weight. It's going to go through here. I'll show this thing in action. But man, this thing, I don't know this whole project, other than the time to go to to load the buy it. I'll took me like five minutes. Super, super simple. Next, let me show you how it works. You might not have a rig like I do. My rig has a perfect hole for this setup. But I bought this small piece of chain because I know that you guys won't have this little piece over here. If I was setting this up on a pull-up bar, I'd wrap this six-inch piece of chain here and I'd connect this oval hook right here. But I'm not going to do that. That's what you guys would do if you don't have the same setup as I do. So what I'm going to end up doing is just screwing this on here. Make sure that's tightened up. Next, I'll go ahead and attach the weight here. Obviously, whatever you can use, pretty simple. I have it set up. There are a lot of different ways you could do this. I'm going to run the chain through the center of the plate. Obviously bumper plates are going to take more diameter. I have a bunch of metal plates too. So if I get heavy, I'll switch to metal plates where this doesn't take up too much of the chain and it can't wrap around and connect. Now, but this should be fine. So I'll roll that through there. There. And now that's good to go. You can rest on the ground like that. Then I just need my... Don't worry, no weights. We're harmed in the making of this video. All right. So then we will run the rope through here. And you can get fancy with this. You could tie knots, all that jazz. But I just want to show you the functionality. So boom, set up, pulley. I'm going to do some tricep pull downs. Pretty simple stuff from here. You can do it the other way. The old. All right, guys. That's pretty, pretty much it. Now we have a DIY lat and pulley system. If I want to do lat pull downs, I'd probably just sit down. You could put a bar through here by galvanized pipes. Something like that. If you want to do true lat pull downs, a lot of options. But this small piece of equipment cost me 30 bucks. Took me 10 minutes and it gives you a lot more options to do in training at home. All right, guys. If you enjoyed this quick, simple, easy DIY project, head over to endofreafitness.com, forward slash DIY. And you can see over 23 DIY projects. A lot of them like this super simple. Won't take up a lot of your time. But adds a lot of functionality to your training at home. So if you want to do that, go check it out. Endofreafitness.com, forward slash DIY. Warning. Failure to follow these warnings and instructions can cause death or personal injury. Do not use this product for overhead lifting support of human weight, athletic equipment, playground equipment or other situations where personal safety or valuable property could be endangered. Well, we're kind of breaking the rules on the athletic equipment, but it's rated at 2,200 pounds. So I think we're going to be okay.