 I know I've probably mentioned this a thousand times before, but Filipino food has such a deep history and it's coolnarily linked to so many different countries that have once been in the Philippines and left their influence here. So depending on where you are in the Philippines, depending on what region or provinces or villages or cities even, the food and the dishes that you might know under one name might be something completely different. Longanisa is one of those dishes. Longanisa or sausage preparations have been around forever. It's probably one of the oldest ways to kind of preserve meats all over Europe. You'll find different types of sausages. So there are a ton of variations of it. It's way too complicated for me to go through every single one of them. So I thought this could be a great opportunity to connect with you guys and have you guys kind of act as fat kid inside food reporters or food reporters of the Philippines. So I asked you guys on Twitter on Facebook to send me videos of basically the longanisa you might find in your region or the ones that you like to eat at home and the results were pretty awesome. So instead of listening to me talking way too much all the time, it's up to you guys. The longanisa here in the Philippines sometimes referred to as chorizo and the desias can be traced back to the Spanish longanisa. The Spanish longanisa is a long sausage seasoned with spices. In the Philippines, fresher is better. To this to me, longanisa was made fresh at home using ground pork with no preservatives and separated into links with a natural casing. There are many local variants of this sausage. It can be hamonado, which means with sweet flavors, caramelization, and cooked or de recado referring to a longanisa that's been seasoned with spices and garlic. First up, we have cabana tuan. Hey guys, my name is Roy and I'm here to talk about the famous longanisa from Cabana Tuan City. So I went to Aling Orchistoll at the Cabana Tuan City Pounding Market and I bought some longanisa recado. I brought it home, cooked it. Wow. Wow. It was so heavenly. You should try it. Next, the cold. In the cold we call it the chorizo and we have two variants. We have the hamonado, which is the sweet one, and we have the recado. Which is loaded with garlic and spices. What makes it unique is its smoking process and it's only in the cold one where you can find smoked chorizo. Oh, not me. How about the chorizo of Sibu? This is Jroa and I'm going to the present our longanisa diary Sibu. And this is what you call the chorizo in Sibu. So why is it the best? Because this is the secret recipe of my mom where I'm selling it and this is for me. It's good because it's sweet but not too sweet. It's garlic and it's not too salty. And it captures the Sibuano culture. Sibuano roots. It's unexplainable. You have to try it, man. Of course, you can't talk about longanisa without mentioning Viga. Balance being a longanisa with a Spanish influence, Filipino, inocal influence, not only happening. So your relationship is unique versus a taba. And then we have your garlic that no caligrón se illo, plus plus also the suca illo. Now let's see what they have in alaminos pangasinán. It's the best because it's very garlicy which makes it very flavorful. And the color is orange red which makes it more appetizing. So this is the famous and delineas of alaminos. My mother bought this from Aligiri. It's like a web market of alinos. Next up, look van tezon. We are hunting for the famous Longanisa look vanu, which I don't think would be hard because they literally have it at every corner of every street. So I told you guys, it would be hard to look. Let's hop over to Gino Baton for a second. One distinct characteristic of the Gino Baton Anganisa is that it does not use young meat instead they use chopped pork. It also has a garlicy taste and it's best paired with suca and sinangan. It's best eaten at breakfast and at the puluta. Tara kaon. To wrap things up, to get out. Some of the many reasons why this is the best Longanisa. First is that it's super garlicy. Second is that there is a good person, the ratio of fat to meat which is why I think this is the best Longanisa and the Philippines. I really hope that you guys learned something there because I sure did and it was really cool to hear from you guys and see it without necessarily us having to get on the plane and fly there and feature it. So thank you very much for everyone who sent the video. That was really great. It's a great way to feature dishes in the Philippines and see what's out there outside of where I'm from which is Manila. I think it's something we should do again soon. If you guys want to see this kind of video again, please make sure to like it so I know that people actually like it. Comment below in terms of the dishes that you feel have a lot of variations around the Philippines and that you think would be really interesting to ask everyone out there to send us videos on the way their province makes it because I feel like by seeing all the differences that makes us come together so much more strongly, peace out.