 Hello you guys, so today we're gonna be making homemade vanilla extract. This video was requested quite a few times actually. I've had people ask me me Emma, is that a vodka bottle in your videos? Yes it is guys, do you make your own vanilla extract? I do and I really suggest you do the same because it's so simple to make and it's all convenient. Now I actually started filming this video way back in July so last summer. So way before this was even requested but I never put it up because I really want to show you guys the final product and what it looks like after six seven months. Now I know this video is going to be a little bit more simple than my other videos. However, I feel that not enough people make their own vanilla extract at home and I really think you should guys because besides being much better than store-boxed off, you're actually saving quite a lot of money. Yes, you'll have to invest a little bit of money in buying the vanilla beans and buying the vodka. But it will last you so long guys. This is my vodka. I have been using my since November and it's down to here. This will probably last me over a year guys. So so simple, so convenient. So let me show you how to make it. All right, two guys. So to make vanilla extracts, you'll need just two ingredients. That's it. You'll need some vanilla beans obviously quite a lot and some vodka. The reason we use vodka is because it has a neutral flavor. So it refuses very nicely. You can use any vodka you like. I bought this one probably because it was on sale. I don't remember. Regarding the vanilla beans, make sure you're using good quality vanilla beans. You want them to be plump and juicy. So if you notice that they're kind of shriveled up and dry, don't buy those. You want nice plump fresh vanilla beans. So this is what you do. You take a knife and you split each vanilla bean in half lengthwise. And inside, you'll see these lovely fragrant black seeds. That's where all the flavor comes from. So you're going to take your knife and you're going to scrape out all the seeds. Then all you have to do is take your seeds and take your pods and add them to your vodka. The reason we're also adding the pods is because these seeds are so tiny that a lot do get trapped in the vanilla bean. So the vanilla bean itself does have quite a lot of flavor. That's why you never throw used vanilla pods away. You can always use them to make vanilla sugar. You know, you just add them to sugar to make vanilla sugar. There you go. You can infuse your drinks, your creams, never throw them out. Now, I forgot to say it is, but before adding your vanilla to your alcohol, make sure you pour some of the vodka out because as you're adding the vanilla beans, the vodka will rise obviously and it will spill. So you don't have to discard it. I added mine to another container and I made a little more vanilla extract. So once you've added all your vanilla beans, you're going to give your bottle a good shake and you're going to put it in a dark place. Now this needs to infuse for at least three months. I know a lot of tutorials tell you one month is enough. It's not. The longer you leave it guys, the better. The more fragrant it will become. So for example, let's say you use it after three months. You will need to use more of it than if you use it after six months. So my advice to use to be patient, the longer you wait, the better because the more flavorful it will be and the less you'll need. I made this in July. It's March now. So seven months later, this is how beautiful and dark it has become. Obviously I have been using it. I didn't wait seven months to use it. I have been using it since November. If it's bad. Also, in the months to come that you're waiting for your vanilla extract to be ready. If you do use any vanilla for your recipes, you can add the leftover pods to your vanilla extract. That's what I do. So yeah, that's how you make vanilla extract. Unfortunately, I can only show it to you guys, but I wish you were here to spell it because it's not all divine. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. If you did, please give it a big thumbs up for me and please subscribe. I really hope you guys will make your own vanilla extract. Now that you know how to make it. And yeah, thank you so much for watching and I will see you next Friday. Bye!