 What's up Turtles, this is Crick here with Black Owl Outdoors. Today we're going to be doing a review on the Clean Pantene 40-ounce stainless steel water bottle. This is from the company Clean Pantene which they claim that they're the first one to put a personal stainless steel water bottle on the market all before the plastics and outgains got popular. They were doing their thing but anyways since it's 40 ounces which stands taller than a regular now a data off the charging person on that in a little bit. 40 ounces of water 18-8 stainless steel. Without the cap on this bottle it stands where about 8 inches, 8 inches tall, the diameter is 3 and a half inches. I guess this is about a standard. All the bottles are being made. This is 3 and a half diameter of the now jeans. All those 32-ounce of 40-ounce bottles are going to be about 3 and a half diameter. The weight's just over 7 ounces without water and it's a wide mouth. I'll show you close up on the bottle later and some of the close-up specs but it's a wide mouth as opposed to the more narrow restricted orifice. This retails at about 27-28 dollars I think 27-95 is you know their MSRP. I think you might be able to find a little bit cheaper on mine but not by much. I've had this bottle probably about six months and I love it. I love the bottle. The extra size doesn't the extra the height is never an issue. It's never been an issue for me. I guess if it really was and you wanted to get this bottle and make it a little bit smaller they offer clean-can-team offers of flip D-ring they call it which is just flat sits flatter on the mouth and it has a D-ring that flips up so you just don't want to tie it, fasten it to you know pack or whatever. It's a nice feature but I have never had any problems with all my bags I've used fitting this in a water bottle pocket on the side never an issue with it sticking out too far hitting on things nothing like that at all. Some of the some of the pluses some of the real reasons why I love this bottle is one it's the metal it's 18-18 stainless steel and for backpacking, camping, surviving any situation you want and you're out in the woods you have the potential to boil water because it's metal and steel. It's a great plus and having worked with this I've worked outdoors spent a lot of time water containers you know is every day thing I pack and having a nougene and having this just for personal experience being out in the sun and whether in a pack or exposed the metal the stainless steel will keep water much much cooler than a plastic nougene and it might not seem like that big a deal you know but when you're working outdoors and you're hot you're sweat you know sweating you're retired and you want to sip a water the water in the temperature definitely can be a little bit makes it makes it more enjoyable it's a small feature like about the bottle we'll get a close-up of this you can see this is the 32-ounce next to it my right hand this is the clean canteen so it does stand a little bit taller you know you said nothing never been a issue never been an issue for me it is nice grabbing this this little hump this you know this wherever in place to clip something to sure you want what you want to call it but I've utilized this you know many times if you just want to go for a walker you know getting out of the car to go look at something for you know half hour an hour you're not really going far but you just want to have a water bottle with you put a piece of pericord this and sling it over your shoulder you know where it's fine yeah this is the clean canteen 188 stainless steel water bottle I recommend it recommend any metal water bottle if you have in your you know camping you know survival kit bug out bag anything you know a metal water bottle is definitely something you should have this is quick signing out with blackout outdoors stay safe turtles