 Welcome to TipTester, I'm Andy. And I'm Madeline and today we're testing out cold weather hacks. For our first tip, we're going to try making our own hand warmers using calcium chloride. Get away. First, we're going to get a heavy-duty freezer bag. Ha, duty. And fill it about halfway with the ice melt. So you are supposed to avoid getting this on your skin and your eyes. Yeah, you don't want it on your skin. It's not lethal. In a smaller bag, we're going to put our water filling it about halfway. There you go. That's good. And now we put the water in the calcium chloride mix. In theory, you could keep them separate until you need to use them. So until next winter, maybe. Until next winter. So to activate the hand warmer, we're going to basically just open the water packets inside. There we go. So now the bag is open and the ice melt is mixing with the water. Let's see if it warms up or not. Oh, that is warm. It's actually kind of surprising. Oh, yeah, that's tasty. Yeah. Well, too tasty. It really works, but it is a very big hand warmer. This is a very big hand warmer and it's really actually getting pretty hot. Sure, I trust you. I'm really good. So you should be careful if you do this, but it works. It works. For this hack, we're going to try waterproofing canvas shoes using wax from a tea candle. And I brought my own shoes from home for this one. So what we're going to do is we're going to take a tea candle, plane no scent, nothing like that, remove the foil, and we're just going to rub it into the shoe. Right. We're just covering the shoe with a thin layer of wax. Nice shoes. Thank you, I'm excited to finally be able to step and puddle with them. Tea candle wax is extra good because it's very, very soft, so it just kind of glides right on. So after you have a layer of wax on the shoe, you want to get a hair dryer and melt the wax. Do you want to do the honors? Do I ever? Surprisingly, the shoe looks fine. And that wax melted up very quickly. And now we want to test if it's waterproof. First we're going to try with our control shoe just seeing how it reacts to water normally. So wet shoe. It's a wet shoe. I'll be it, it's not terrible, but it's a canvas shoe so it gets wet. Right. I mean, but if it was wintering or trudging through the snow, it would definitely soak through. Right. All right. And now let's try it with this waxed up baby. Old candle put. Ooh. Ooh. Flies right off. Right off. Here's El Niño. That right there is a waterproof shoe. It actually works. We beat you, winter. We beat you. Take that old man, winter. Now we're going to attempt to make a space heater using a commentary called a planter and a few candles. What a waste of time. Maybe we're dying. There's a blizzard. We're trapped. The power's out. And we're bored. Well, we're bored of death. It doesn't embrace it. So we're going to adhere our candles by melting some of the wax first. Guess one nice thing about this is that it's sort of self-producing. Yeah. And it's also illegal in the workplace. All right. Let's try it. All right. We're going to use these two metal bars just to elevate the pot when we cover it. So you need to pay attention to how tall the candles are because if they're too tall, they'll burn the top of the pot. Right. But if they're too tall, you can always just cut a candle. So we're going to place the terracotta pot there. And you can see we left some room to the fire can breathe. See, it's been some time. It's warmer because there's a fire inside, but still I wouldn't use a teaky to space. So to even feel heat, nothing here, nothing here, nothing here, not even really anything there. Touch it. You can feel it there. I'm skeptical that you can heat a space with it. Right. You couldn't heat a corner. You know, like it's that small. Yeah. Maybe if you were like in a box, you're drafted in a box. This would be a great space heater. So Andy, how do you feel about these winter hacks? Hand warmers actually worked. Yeah. It seemed a little dangerous because it got quite hot. It's already cooled off though. So it's like it would work for a very short time. Maybe for your hands. It's kind of a brief flash. And then the canvas shoes, we were able to waterproof our canvas shoe. Those worked great. I'm so excited to walk through some puddles. And then lastly, we have the space heater, which actually really has or does. Yeah, I feel like you don't want to make a fire in the middle of your room if you want a space heater. It's like dangerous and unhelpful. Right. Much like myself. Dangerous Andy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.