 Like summer dip that everybody's gonna love. Sharon Van Meter from 3015 at Trinity Gross. Tell folks what 3015 is. Cause it's not a traditional restaurant. It's very unique. Yeah. You can balance. No, we do a lot of team building there, corporate team building, a lot of a bench. You can have your wedding there. You can have your reception there. You can just do anything you want it. Right. So in a vet space basically. Yeah. And you, so you definitely know how to put on a party. So you're making a dip precedent. You know, this is our number one ask for recipe at 3015. And, okay. Being a Chicagoan is so funny because I made fun of jalapenos for the longest time in Texas. And I took the spinach out your choke dip, took the spinach out and threw jalapenos in. Oh, right. And the Texans love it. That's all I can say. There you go. Okay. So we started with a little bit. I started in advance with jalapenos, a little bit of green onion and some heavy cream. Pretty easy recipe that you can make in advance, really. We make this by the vet full of it there. So really. We're gonna add in some cream cheese. Just like that melt. Easy, easy, easy. And while we're letting that melt, let's tell folks about something called the Loan Star Bash. You guys coming up Sunday night. Not at your place, but at the rustic in Uptown Dallas. Oh, how fun is the rustic? Oh my gosh. I love the rustic. So you know the Texas Restaurant Association is in town this week. About 10,000 people over the two days. Oh wow. Pretty massive and so open to the trade. But this year we decided to have a big party for the rustic for the education foundation. And the, you know, the education foundation is pretty unique because we sponsor probably 220 pro-start high school culinary programs. Oh wow. About 20,000 kids are a factor of everybody. They're raising money. Oh, raise of money. 60 bucks, come on out. 60 bucks and what's gonna happen there at the rustic? Well, you know, we have chefs from all over Texas. Probably about 15 of them. Oh wow. We have lots of beer because it's the rustic. So it's worth it. Right. Beer, food and a great band. Javier Mendoza from Nashville's coming in. Oh, okay. So all you're gonna do really is put all these things together because more cheese at some parmesan. Look at that. I mean, you know how to cook your past in the dishes today. I'll pass them back. Little bit of canned green chili. We've already put in fresh jalapenos. Now we're gonna put in every kind of chili you can find canned. These are pickled jalapenos. Ooh. And a little bit of tangy to it there. Yeah, if there's a little tangy to it, I like that part of it. There you go. It's pretty easy. So this all just melts together. It just melts together. And then what do you have to do? Do we add these artichoke arts here? We're gonna add those next. Those are gonna go in there. Okay, perfect. You get this nice and warm. And then once you have this base and you can season it with salt and pepper. Sometimes you can a little, add a little mayonnaise. Just to, well, do not be because you didn't put enough that with the heavy cream. Right, absolutely. Yeah. You're gonna do the salt and pepper for you. Are you going to? I will. There you go. So like I said, make a big vatful. This isn't just a summer dish either, to this, it can be used all the time. Yeah. Perfect. So close that. And that goes into a dish like this right here. Could go in any kind of dish. Would you put on the top there? So a little bit of green onion in that. Okay. Yum, yum. We'll put the recipe on our website. And again, the Lone Star Bash Sunday night with the rustic and uptown Dallas tickets. Can you purchase it at the door, by the way? And we also have Sharon's recipe and a link with more details on our website, box4news.com. Thank you so much. Appreciate it. Thank you. We've got lots of, we've got a little bit of music.