 Hey guys, I got some graphics here on the car as you can see here. These are pretty much impossible to get off of here. And here's some already got off, but the first step of what I found out was get a heat gun, it's like 15 bucks at Hardber for 8. And these little plastic little scrapers, so they won't damage the car. And basically all you got to do is turn it on and let it sit for about 15 seconds, 15-20 seconds over it. And you can see it comes right off and it does leave some glue on there. And let's go ahead and try that now. But you can see this got all of this off. But you can see here this was a crazy laptop graphic that's just impossible to get off. So this works really good, $20 solution here. So let's see how this spray work to get the glue off. Okay, so the next step is this rapid remover. This was like 15 bucks, I think, something like that. But basically what you do, it says to spray it on there and you need to let it sit for about 60 seconds to 120 seconds. So spray a good amount on here. Alright, so it's been about a minute and a half or so. I just sprayed another little bit more on before I get started. And I'm just using the scraper here and you can see it is coming right off. And that is like, I may look at this some sticky stuff, man. So it is just coming right off here. Amazing. And it's like sludge. So then paper towel and come in here and you know, it leaves a little bit of film here. But you know, you can just get some wind decks and you know, do it a couple more times. Just what it says on the bottle, but look at that. I mean, that's perfectly smooth. Hey guys, there's kind of one to show you what this looks like afterwards. I'm actually here at my grandparents house at the beach. But you can see how good it looks. Sorry for the glare here, but it is, it really came out well. There you go for about 30 bucks. You can take this off and a little bit of elbow grease. I couldn't find anything. It was a good solution on the internet. So here's a little ghetto iPhone video that I'll show you how to do it. But that works. So hope this helps you out. Have a great day. You