 Hi guys it's Darren from Green Pro Clean here. Today we're working up on a roof clean. It's about a 1950s, 1960s. It's a typical council type house right to buy that they've done over the last few decades. It's the original roof. It's got a good 60 years of dirt on it, 50, 60 years of dirt, but only a light bit of moss. As we can see the moss is pretty much dead already. That's because a few days ago I just give a quick two minute coat with some moss killer as it happens. And now the day we're going to actually clean the roof and we're going to do this using a soft wash process. Some people power wash roofs, this is highly unadvisable because the tiles actually have a protective coating in them, especially the newer tiles have protective coatings in them and power washing can strip that off. Also if you're power washing up the tiles here the water likes to get in underneath on the gaps and damages the tiles blows them off and also you've got your protective membranes underneath here which jet washing the tiling can once again damage and cause the leaks into your house. So jet washing in some cases is necessary but do pay a professionally trained operator to do it for you because the costs of doing it wrong can be catastrophic. Replacing a roof once again for a retail you could be looking at up to £7,000. I think I've heard from 7 to 10 grand of the prices I've heard from roofers. This is a typical three bedroom semi detached roof. Cleaning this roof today front end back as well as removal of all the moss is going to come in at less than £500. So a much better option for most people. I'm going to stop this now and I'm going to get back to you in a shortly once we've got the process begin. Okay guys we're back to apply the second coating on the roof even just after the first coat though we can see how the getting much lighter here. A lot darker there that's still going to come up clean though and how the old moss here that's a lot looser but still there's a little bit more to get it off of there but that will just degrade now the moss on fall off in its own good side. We'll show you the pressure that we use for applying our recleaning solutions and now this is our gun and as you can hear it doesn't sound anything like that. It's an old petrol power washer here this is just an electric pump powered machine with a general spray that really applies no more pressure than a garden hose is it worth and that's more than adequate. It's not strong enough to get up underneath the tile it's 20 degrees degrees and it's strong enough to apply what you need it to apply without doing damage to the surface of the tile and then the way underneath and yeah so let me finish applying this coat and I'll be back with you again shortly. Okay guys back on the roof just to finish up here giving it a rinse and I've gotten all the chemicals off of it that we use a little bit of stubborn staining here we've given that an extra coating that'll come up in the next hour or so. These little bits that you still see this white lycan the white lycans the yellow lycans etc they take a lot longer to come off they can take anywhere from four to eight weeks but they are now dead and they will start to just peel off and flutter away over the coming weeks so within about two months few weeks until you get to the finished result whereas with a power wash it will be stripped off in one day but doing untold damage to your tiles. As you can see now so much cleaner, so much better the little bits of moss that are still there they're thoroughly dead now they'll start to lose their footing and they'll also disappear in the next few weeks. Anything left to do now is we put on our protective surface coating that comes with a two-year guarantee against moss and algae regrowth. In case you're wondering it's not done from scaffolding we haven't scaffolded the house as you can see this is actually done from the gutter height up on the ladder and yes I'm tied off on the ladder and yes the ladder is tied off to the base of the building so as safe as possible but without the ludicrous expense of scaffolding a building so there you have it and I hope you found this of some interest and some information to you thanks for watching.