 Hi guys, I'm gonna show you how to put together an IKEA kitchen. This is the metal delinets. You've got a few bottomed top ones. I'm gonna take you through all the installation, build in appliances. You're gonna have some cooker on the top. We're gonna cut the panel on top and you're gonna put the delinets on the wall and visit the kitchen. All the kitchen installation will be in five parts and now we have part four where I'm gonna show you how to cut the panels, how to cut out all the obstructions like we have corner there, how to join the panels together as we're gonna have L-shaped panel here, how to cut up the sink and the cooker on the top and the top for water. Then we're starting with the cutting the top panel. Basically find the space. As you see, I improvise a lot. I just use two bottom units as a table and I put the panel upside down as you see. Do you are measuring right? When you cut a drill panel, don't forget to wear protective glasses or earplugs. Very important. Just measure the things and cut it. As you see the panel is upside down so we're not gonna have any zigzags on the top. Sometime if you cut it on the top part and the disc is not sharp, it kind of cut the top is not nice and straight cut. Organize your space and we can put the panel on as you see the measurement was right. Here I put it a little bit extra as we're gonna have L-shaped on one side so I'm gonna have to cut it at the end the last bit. But for now we're gonna do the sink. This is important things. Do your measurement right. As you have only one go with this, the top panels are expensive so measure 10 times and go when you're absolutely sure. This is the right marks on your kitchen top. So we drill the hole in the corner and we can start the cut the panels. As you see here, I don't have a proper table here. I just cutting on a kitchen so I have to move it up and down the whole thing. So we cutting all the edges of the sink. It's hard to say how big is the hole because all the sink can be different sizes so you just check your instructions what it's coming with the sink and do exact measurements each your sink require. If you go too big you end up with the holes around the sink which is not very good so make it right. So cut all around it and you can take the middle part out. Cut the edges if you don't need to cut them just put the sink in if it fits in just leave it if not just cut the edges out and we have the hole for the sink already. Next one is going to be the cooker on the top, exactly the same. Make sure you're going to go in one line with the sink so it looks nice on the kitchen top. Do your measurements right, measure 10 times, cut once as you have only one go with this one as well. Fill the holes in the corners, in the inner corners so you have easier access with the saw after that. I did four in this case only one in the sink. It would be better if you do more because you can cut all the edges then you come nicely to the other one and you need to bend the saw in the corner. Now once you have two big holes in your kitchen top just be careful what kind of table you have under it as it becomes more wobbly is not that sturdy anymore as we have two panels out and the sink is in and the hole for the cooker as well. That's how it looks like so far all good right on the where we need it on electric socket there and gas and the sink is right on the plumbing pipes. This is going to be the shorter one I'm cutting here along exactly the same just use straight piece of wood, clip it and cut it all along as you see the top kitchen panel is upside down again so we're going to have nice cut on the other side and we cut the edge and the panel is done. We're going to cut this part here you see the corner on the right side we're going to have to cut that bit out. So first we did the rough cut all the way and now we're going to have to get the corner. I used just piece of paper as I mentioned before I just improvised a lot don't have any special things so I just use bit of cardboard cut the corner, measure it make sure it's 100% and then we can just copy it on the kitchen top. Cut it you can cut with the circle saw or with the with this saw but the circle one is nicer cut just don't go over the edges and we're going to do the holes for the pipes on the other side just drill the holes and then just cut the edges if you need. In this case we need because the wall is was bending like a kind of funny wasn't straight at all. So we have those two pieces you see we did a little bit longer on one side so we're going to cut the edge now and that's how it come nicely together. So now we have nice air-shaped kitchen and we're going to secure the kitchen top from under. I just use simple wooden parts. Wall plaques you choose the wall plaques it depends on your wall in this case we got a lot of plasterboard here so I use the plasterboard wall plaques and secure it through the wood. Just those slim wooden panels all around it exactly the same here on the long part you gonna see how many you need you may use all shaped brackets or you may use this I find those more steady as it's holding all all the kitchen top along so I use it all around it. You'll never know what they're gonna put it on the top maybe it's gonna be heavier things and you just want to make sure that kitchen top not gonna go anywhere from there exactly the same just long screws through those panels and we secure it on the wall. So I could the same on the edge it's a bit hard to get there my head I have to work very hard to hold that panel up at the moment. So secure the screws in and place under it make sure the kitchen top is sitting on it so it's not up or too much down and this is it that's how it's fixed under it. Now we can join it with the with those join the panels on the middle just with the plastic here and exactly the same connection here the simple plastic join together and that's what we have nice cut on the pipes nice corner here and join together all those holes and straight cut there at the end. You see the edges are cut nicely as I was mentioning I put the panel upside down so there is no any zigzag it's kind of this MDF material is chipped on the top always as unless you have very sharp a disc when you cutting the panels. And this is the hole for the for the top see I have very little space I have to go very close so when you do the sink hole for the sink bear that in mind if you have the top on the side make sure you have enough space to put it that on. I will secure that make sure you put all the isolations there all the rubbers what you need according your instructions you might get a different top and the hole on the sides so we can push the pipes through the unit that's it and this is it for this part in the next part I'm going to show you how to do the isolation for the sink how to fix the sink put some silicons to make sure no water going to come and how to do the isolation on the cooker top as well and how to attach it finally on the kitchen top you're gonna fix the O1 to the units gonna fix the microwave where it's supposed to be attach it to the cupboards and the last opening units so this what we're gonna end up in part five and this is it for part four hope you enjoyed if you have time to subscribe to my channel as always you made my day and see you in part five a fantastic day