 Hey everyone, so today I am doing my take on a Medusa inspired makeup look. So if you're going to a party and you want to look kind of creepy and cool, I think this makeup look is so fun and I really like that headband. I ended up getting it off Etsy. So this is the makeup I put with it. It's creepy but still quite sexy and glam. I really like that eyeliner color and the scales, like the shimmer, the gold, the green. I feel like it all came together really, really nicely. So I hope you guys enjoy this video. Don't forget to give it a thumbs up if you do and stay tuned to see the tutorial. Today because the eyeshadow was so simple, I'm going to be starting with my base. So I am using like an oil to kind of prime my skin first because this just makes all of my makeup glide on so amazing on top. You guys have to try it so good. And then putting a proper primer on, this is the Markzekers Remarkable one, which I love as you guys know. And then I'm going to follow up with a foundation all over my face. Nice full coverage and set there with a powder. Also you guys, this look is very, very simple. I'm trying to do lots of simple but effective Halloween tutorials for you guys because I have noticed over the last few years, those are the ones that always get the best response from you guys. You guys like the simple ones that are really effective. I might do a couple of extravagant ones this month. If you've got any more ideas for tutorials, just let me know. I have got so many plans though. I'm really excited to share them with you guys. Now I am just concealing my under eye circles and then I'm going to see everything with a powder like I said earlier. I'm just using Cover FX. It's a nice full coverage foundation kind of powder, but I'm just using a nice thin layer just because I want my skin to look super flawless for the scales to go on top. And then I'm using the Kat Von D Shade and light just to see under my eyes. And then this is the part that looks kind of crazy. So we're going to start with the pantyhose. We're going to cut that off. And then I'm going to do my base because I want in between the scales to look nice and shiny. So I'm using this like golden cream color. It's really, really perfect for this look. But if you have any kind of greenish or goldish creamy eyeshadow, it'll be perfect. This is going to make the color on top stick really well and also just give a really nice kind of, I don't know, glittery effect. You'll see this eyeshadow gives me life. I need to do a tutorial with it like on my eyeballs. But anyways, I'm just kind of doing a triangular pattern with a brush, packing that over top of the stocking. I know this looks absolutely crazy. And then on the outside and taking a lighter kind of shimmery color, just to create a little bit of an ombre fade. As you can see, once I take off the stocking and once you take off the stocking, it looks like little scales like, you know, I don't know, ripped hilly and skin. And then I'm taking my sponge just to blend out the edges a little bit. And then I'm going to repeat the same step on my cheekbones. You can do this wherever you want on your face. Definitely experiment with it. You could do it over your entire face. You could do your chin, cheeks, lower cheeks, anywhere you want. Can we just appreciate how hilarious my eye looks right now. Like, this is not a good look. Not a good look at all. You can use the same effect for a mermaid as well. I'm going to demonstrate how I do that. Like that this month, I hope you guys are looking forward to it. I'm going to do a really colorful mermaid look. But anyway, for now, this is how we are looking. So I'm doing the same thing, just fading out the edges. And then I'm going to contour. And I could have done this before I did those scales, but it doesn't really matter. I just do whatever works for you. So I'm contouring my face and I'm also going to contour my temples and I put a little bit of bronzer down the center of my nose as well. And then of course, we want to have our eyebrows on fleek. So I'm using my Benefit products to achieve a really nice, kind of thick straightish brow. I was trying to do them a little bit straighter than normal, but they probably just look the same as always. I don't know. The eye makeup is so friggin simple. I wanted to do it simple so that the scales were like the main attraction. And excuse it, horrendous in the corner. I was going to wing it into the end corner to make it really sneak like but I hated it and I just could not get it right. Like I don't know what was going on with me today. I've done it plenty of times in the past, but today I was just not happening. So I ended up wiping that away. But basically what I'm doing is a really thick wing, almost up to my crease, like super, super thick. This will be great for people with hooded eyes as well, because you could take up your entire lid space and just wing it out. You can use eye shadow for this, like a dark green eye shadow. Or if you have an eyeliner, that's even better. That's what I used today. That eyeliner is so stunning. Anyways, and then I just put a little bit of that contour shade into my crease, just to give my eyes a little bit more shape. But not too much. I'm not making it really structured or anything like that. Because I want my eyes to look really long. And then I am taking a golden stick and putting that in my waterline and underneath my like tear duct area just to brighten up the eyes and add a little bit more gold to the look. And then of course you want to just stick on the mascara. And I went with really glam eyelashes that kind of flare outwards, so that they made my eyes look really nice and big and slant-erged, kind of like really like sleek, like snake eyes or something. I don't know. I tried my best. And by the way, I'm using the Joo Light Takes Free Glow. For the highlighter, I went super, super golden. This one here is so repigmented. It is crazy. It's almost too much for me on everyday basis. But here in this makeup tutorial, like this costume makeup tutorial looks so perfect. Or you know, if you guys are into that super reflective look, you will love this one. It is so pigmented and just shines like from a mile away. I don't know. I don't know how else to explain it. It just is so cool. I love it. Anyways, I'm putting on my brow bones and my inner corners and all across my face, you know, all the normal places. And then this little step here, I ended up getting rid of it because I just really didn't dig it. But watching it back, I'm kind of like, oh, that actually didn't look as bad as I initially thought while I was doing it. So you can do this if you want. This was my attempt in making it my lips look like sneak clips. So I used this little brush with black eyeliner and create a little triangle and winged out my lips a little bit and then put makeup around it. This liquid lipstick here by Dry Cosmetics. It's a really nice sandy nude. You should probably do your lip color first and do the black afterwards to be honest, because it kind of was difficult to fill in. But yeah, I didn't really know what I was doing. I was just experimenting. So that came off anyway. And the other thing I did was just applying light nude color. So you can do this if you want or you could do the real sneak lips. It's up to you. So this one's just one of those next laundry lip colors. It's a really nice pinky light color. And then I'm using a lip liner to line my lips a little bit and I winged out the lips a little bit again and then wiped off and all gone. I was just very into size of this day. Let me tell you that much. At the end of the day, these makeup tutorials I'm doing for Halloween are very much inspiration. So you can take whatever bits you like from each tutorial when you put them together in your own way. And you could even do like black or white lips with this local green lips. I managed to actually have done dark green lips which would have looked definitely very cool. But anyways, I am also putting in some white contacts to give my eyes that stone kind of look, you know, I don't know, that was just my interpretation of her that you could also do sneak, slit eye contacts. You can buy them around the place. It's up to you. Again, this is the completed look. I hope you guys enjoy it. I really like it. I think it's very striking. And once again, that hip-hopper was bought off Etsy but I have seen people DIY them. So you could definitely just buy like plastic snakes from the $2 shop and make your own headband and you know, spray paint it, glue it all up. Otherwise, yeah, you can buy it off Etsy. I hope you guys like this tutorial once again and I'll talk to you guys soon. Bye. A letter, a couple more Halloween tutorials to the screen right now that you can click on. You've got so many Apple My Channel. And if I sound really weird right now, it's because I'm really excited. I'm about to go see my mom's puppy. So I'm really excited and impatient. Bye.