 Hi, Lori from HardworkingMom. Today I wanted to show you how to make pretty much the normal regular deco mesh wreath. I actually have an order that someone wants me to make. For a friend of theirs it's getting married and they're, they really like this cobalt blue. So I'm going to do a wreath with the white and the cobalt blue and I thought it would be a fun thing to do a tutorial on. So what you would need for this would just be one 20 inch, 21 inch roll of the deco mesh and a work wreath. I have the cobalt blue tinsel ties on this one. So let's get started. So this is just going to be the regular poop method for making a deco mesh wreath. And I actually got this deco mesh at Walmart. They do have some cute colors over there is limited but they had the perfect color of the cobalt blue. So the first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to take my work wreath and I'm going to go around and make sure see there's something sticking out. Nothing is sticking out that would damage a door. And if there is I'm just going to kind of bend it back. Okay. And then I'm just going to go ahead and open up all these ties. Just makes it a little faster when you're going through. Okay. So now we've got that done. What we're going to do is we're going to take this deco mesh and I like to with this kind I like to start on the inner layer. Of course this is personal preference. You can either start on the outer layer which is the bottom or the inner layer which is the top. And I'm going to be using a little zip tie just to make sure that my deco mesh is not going to come off later. So first thing I'm going to do is get to the very beginning and I'm just going to pull it together like this. See that? Okay. Figure out where I want to start. So I'm going to start right here. And I'm going to take my little tie and I'm just going to tie in this very first part. You're not going to be able to see this when you come back around. So. And then after I get the roof done I'll come back and trim that. So I just kind of push it down to the bottom. Okay. So there are several ways that you can do this. You can measure it and go out here to your little measurement and do like a tin. You can also, now I'm going to do this on this side so you can see. What I like to do is I just take it, put my hand down here at the bottom and I come up about three like that. And then I just fluff it out. Make sure that's about what I want. And I tie it down. You know, and I should play with it. You'll figure out about what you want your loops to look like. You don't want them too big and you don't want them too small. So I'll just go one, two, three. Fluff it out. Make sure it looks about the same. And tie it down. It's just in much faster way instead of measuring out each loop. I'll just keep doing that same thing. One, two, three. Fluff it out. That. And tie it down. I'm only twisting these really one time because we're going to cut back and I'm going to put in some ruffles and I'm going to put it in some ribbon. So I'm going to go ahead and finish the top layer and then as soon as I'm done with that, I'll show you how to start on the bottom layer. Okay, so I've gotten back to where I started and I had put my zip tie right there where this tie is. I didn't use the tie and I kind of left the tie open so that when I get to my last one, I can use that tie and it just makes it seamless and you can't really tell where it starts and where it stops. So I'll just put that down in that tie and I know. Okay, so now that I've gotten all the way around, I want to go on to my second layer. And there's a couple ways that you can do this. You can cut it, start over using another one of your little ties. But what I like to do is I will actually pull this down to the next row and I will just try to get as close as I can to this tie and I will just use my zip tie here. And I will just tie it down to that workpiece like that. Push that behind and I will come back and get that go one way around. Okay, and then I'll just start over. Like that. So I'll do the same thing. Make my booth tied in. Now you're not going to be able to see this when you come back around. So then I'll just continue on with the bottom seam where I did with the top. Just count out my three. And then I'm going to count out my front tie down, Tvie. So just count up that three. Please it up. Waiting out this tie down. Just like that. Okay, so now that we've gotten this all done, I want to start cutting my ruffles and I will show you how I'm going to do that. So since this is the white and the cobalt, I have both white deco mesh and the cobalt deco mesh. So I'm going to use both of those to do the ruffle and what I'm going to do is roll these out together just so it's a little bit faster to cut them at the same time. And I often like to use ribbon or something to hold that because otherwise they'll keep unraveling. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to measure two ten inches and cut there. Then I'm going to go one so that gives me four which is just two rows. So I want to do them together and I'll cut out some more. One more ten. One. Okay. So I'll have to cut out a bunch more than this but I want to at least show you what I'm going to do with this. So what is pretend like for right now, then I have all of these cut out which I will go back and do later. But what I'm going to do is I'm going to separate them and I want to lay it down flat but I want to do it where it has a tendency to roll. So I'm going to lay them flat like this. I'm going to go up through the middle just like that. I'm going to make a little bow tie. Then I know I'm going to put these two together so I'm just going to put this in between my fingers just to hold it. Then I'm going to take the next piece and I'm going to do the same thing. Just going to go right up through the middle. Make my little bow tie like that. I want the white to be on top so I'm going to put on like this. The white and the blue together. I'm going to open my tie back up, put these in just like that and tie it back down. Then I have two more splashes of that color and it will help me cover up any spots I have in the wreath where there you can see the wire. I'll do that one more time. I'm going to separate them. Put it down. Slide it back. Go up through the middle. Like that. Hold it. Do the next one. There. Put them together. I'm going to put it up my tie. Put them down in there and tie it back. I just kind of go through and fluff it a little bit like that. I will continue cutting and going around and adding these in. Once I get done with that, I'll come back and show you what we're going to do next. I have gotten all the ruffles put in. As you can see, it really makes the wreath a lot fuller and very pretty. I have lots of ribbon that I want to put in and since the main color is this cobalt blue and it's for a wedding, I found some cute little ribbons. This one looks like little bows. I thought that was cute. I have sparkle. I can't be without sparkle and more of the cobalt blue. What I'm going to do, I already have some cut, but I'm going to show you how I... I want to show you how I make all of my cuts for my ribbon quickly. I make all of my ribbon 12 inches. I cut a piece of cardboard half that width and then covered it in duct tape just to keep it strong. I notched out a corner so that I know what the top is. When I get ready to do my ribbon, I just put it at the top and just fold it over like this. However many ribbons I think I'm going to need. Once I get to the top, I just cut it and then slip my scissors in here. Cut again and just that quickly I have four ribbons cut. I like to do the little dovetail so I fold it over and cut at an angle. Just gives it that nice little finished look. Same thing on the other side. And just that quickly I have four ribbons already to put on my reef. There's lots of different ways you can do your ribbon. But I just find that this is very quick. Of course it is highly inexpensive because all you need is cardboard. And it does save a great deal of time. Seeing other people use those ribbon gadgets where they put the spools on and then they pull it out and cut it. I think that's great. But I just think that this method is certainly a lot less expensive. It's really easy to do and it's fast so you just can't beat it. So once I get all my ribbon cut out that I want, we're just going to start adding it in. I like to put two different colors together or two different ribbons together I should say. Just open my ties back up, add it in. And for this one I'm just going to do just a simple pull to have it stand up. Now we'll just go around and add ribbon in. Now you can take your ribbon and spread the ribbon apart just to give it more interest like that. That's pretty. I do like to vary the background just because it gives it a lot more interest. So I'll just keep going around and get all my ribbon put in. And then I'll be back to show you what it looks like in just a minute. Okay, so I've got another ribbon placed in. You see how full this is? With the ribbon and the ruffles. I think it turned out really great. So since this is a wedding I'm not really going to add a lot of pick serenbellegements to it. I'm just going to add an assign in the middle that says Mr. and Mrs. and then that'll be it. So I hope you enjoyed this. I hope that you are able to make a wreath of your own like this. And if you have any questions please leave comments and give it a like and subscribe. And I'll see you for the next tutorial. Have a great one. Bye bye.