 Welcome to Talaadara's Kitchen. I Chef Par today will be showing you a fondue recipe, a quick cheese fondue. Fondue is fun whenever you serve it. Whether it's parties, cocktail parties, it's always great fun. Today I'm going to be making a quick version that is combining the milk with the cheese spread, adding some chili flakes, cornflour to give it a thick creamy fondue. So let's start making it. So let's begin. For that first we'll heat some butter. Make sure that the butter has not been melted too much otherwise it'll give that burnt taste. To that we'll add some finely chopped onions. Make sure these onions are really finely chopped and saute on a medium flame for a few seconds. Do not saute them for too long as we require that crunch. To that we'll add some milk, some cheese spread. Usually cheese is added but here to make it different we are going to be adding some cheese spread. As I said this is a quick version of a cheese fondue. Our cornflour water mixture and we'll cook this till it's nice and thick. But as we added the cornflour water mixture, make sure you stir it continuously. Usually to make the authentic fondue you require a lot of ingredients like wine, different types of cheeses but this is a quick version when you have unexpected guests just coming by. See it's getting nice and thick as you can see. This will take approximately 1-2 minutes. We'll add some salt and some chilli flakes. This is optional. Mix well and cook on a medium flame for 1 minute. Our quick cheese fondue is now ready. I would like to tell you something. Make sure that you do not make the fondue too much in advance at it's tends to get really thick. This is just the right consistency as you can see. If it's too thin it will not coat the bread and if it's too thick it will not be tasty. So make sure you have the right consistency. So now let's serve. Sprinkle some more chilli flakes if you like and serve it immediately with some crispy bread and enjoy it piping hot. Download the Tarla Dalal app on your Apple and Android devices. Follow us on the Facebook and Tarla Dalal.com. If you enjoy our recipes click like to see more of my recipes click here. Please share your comments. I would love to hear them and I'm waiting for them.