 Alright guys, today I'm going to make some kebabs. Real simple and easy to make. Better than they can just chicken breast on the grill. Plus it's easier to cook I think. So what you're going to need is whatever you want to put in your kebabs. Of course you got your chicken. If you wanted to use meat you could a beef of some type you could. But I'm going to be using chicken of course. We're doing chicken kebabs today. And then I'm going to add an onion, green pepper and red pepper. Some people might add in tomatoes or other things. So I mean it's up to you whatever you want to add to your kebabs. This is what I'm going to add but you can vary this in whatever way you want. You're chicken you're going to want to season first. You don't want to you know season all the vegetables. So you can season this. I recommend salt, pepper, onion and garlic powder. If you don't have something else at home. I've got a little bit of a seasoning here of marinade. So I'm going to go ahead and get my marinade just all over my chicken here. And then I also have just some chicken seasoning here. So I'm just going to add a little bit extra of that on. Now I've got my marinated chicken. And from here cut this up into kebabs sized pieces. Now you don't want these pieces to be too big. Sometimes you'll buy kebabs from the store and the pieces will be really big and thick. And the problem with that is the bigger they are the longer and harder it is to cook them. If you don't make them too big they're a lot easier to cook. So cut these into pieces that are nice size but not humongous. So that's about good. As you can see they're not humongous pieces. This one's a little big but they're not humongous. Bigger they are the harder they are to cook. So now I'm going to go ahead and wash my hands up real quick and get these veggies cut up. All right once we have our veggies sliced up all we do is make our kebabs just by putting on pieces of meat surrounded by pieces of veggies. So alternate what you put on the kebabs. And there we go. Now we'll head out to the grill and show you how to cook these up. All right so get your grill heated up on a medium high heat. And then throw on your kebabs. I'm also going to throw on a piece of chicken for my dog. Close the lid. Let it cook for about three minutes and then flip it and you're going to flip it about three or four times every three or four minutes. All right after about three minutes make your first flip. Turn it a quarter you can see it's getting cooked to turn it one quarter. Little hot. Flip over my dog's roof. Now let it cook another three minutes and then we'll flip it again. And now about three minutes later flip again. Flip again. Flip again. Flip again. Flip again. Flip again. Flip again. Flip again. Flip again. Flip again. Flip again. Flip again. Flip again. Flip again. Flip again. Flip again. Flip again. Flip again. Flip again. Flip again. Flip again. Flip again. And here's what we end up with. end up with a couple perfectly done chicken cababs there. All you got to do is cook them like 10 minutes, about 10 minutes on medium high heat. As you saw there, about every 3 minutes I flipped them, making sure to get every side cooked and they're all cooked through. So very simple to make cababs. You can buy them pre-made or make them yourself. I prefer making them myself and they turn out great every time. So go ahead and try this recipe guys. It turns out great. Have any questions? Let me know. Happy cooking. We'll see you guys next time.