 Hi, welcome to part two of the demonstration on how to use the mandolin. We're going to use a potato here. We're going to make some ruffle style potato chips to give you a sample what this unit can do. We're going to place the serrated blade on the left hand side of the unit like so. We're going to adjust this to a fairly thin cut. We're going to take a potato here and as you can see, I'm just going to push down on it. As you can see, perfectly cut ruffle style potato chips cut. What this unit can also do is perfect for scallop potato. See how fast and easy it is? I'm just going to change this to a straight blade. We're going to make it a little bit thicker here. We're going to use a card this time. We're going to put this on here. We're going to slice this like this. A little bit of paper thin here. We're going to make a little bit thicker here. The bottom lever is infinitely adjustable. So you can stop and make it thicker or thinner any size you desire. We're going to make it a little bit thicker this time. Then we're going to go ahead and push down this lever. Remember, Ophal mandolin, it's all momentum. You want to start as high as you can from the top and slide down. The natural juice of the food item you're cutting will lubricate the plate here to make the cut a lot easier. See how you can make paper thin scallop potato. We can actually increase the size up to half an inch thick. We're going to go ahead and reposition this so it's nice and flat. See how fast and easy it is here? We're going to go for Julian or Julian kind of our potatoes. We're just going to go ahead and put in this 10 millimeter light snap in like so. I'm going to get this potato here. So we're just going to start from the top here and push down. One swift motion just like that. See the cuts here? Nice beautiful long french fries. You can also use carrots for thinner Julian way to do salad toppings and things of such nature there. Seeing those with this, I'm just using this top here for the 90767. Same idea here for the 90767. We're going to put this on the rail here just like that. This time we're going to put an onion on here. Go ahead and put that on there and add the onions just like so. Then cut. Look at that beautiful onion rings. Nice consistent cuts just like so. Alright, and once again, cleaning is a breeze. Go ahead and push this off the side. This slides out. Throw this whole unit in this washer or wash it by hand and you're good to go. Thank you for watching part two.