 How's it going everybody? So we got some more car care tips here from Chemical Guys. So a lot of you guys might know how to Honda. We did some cool videos on the Honda, but I got tired of front wheel drive, I got tired of the 4 cylinder. So I picked up this for a daily driver. It's a BMW 530i E39 edition with the 5 speed because I don't know how to drive automatic and I don't know how to drive the manual. So we're going to be doing a couple tips and tricks on this car. But one thing is that this car came with OEM BMW rubber formats. Didn't come with the carpet one, but it came with those rubber kind. A lot of you guys in colder climates might have these rubber formats and you've got to scrub them and take care of them in a certain way or they might discolor. So I'm going to take them out of the car and I'm going to show you how to clean them today using green clean. So we're going to rip these floor mats out of the car. We're going to go over and use some green clean and scrub them clean. We'll see you in a moment. Okay, so I've taken the floor mats out of the car and now they're out here on concrete. I recommend to take them out of the car and do this because that way you can hose them off and scrub them really nice. If you live in a colder environment with mud or snow, you probably have these floor mats. A lot of people with Subaru's or BMW's have these floor mats because they're easy to clean. So they still have a lot of dirt on them. I actually took the dirt off and just fan them off because it fell off. You don't have to vacuum it like carpet, but they're still not 100% black and they still have some type of stuff stuck to them. Like one of these ones from the back seat has like dried ice cream and it's just nasty or human garbage. I don't know. We just bought the car. So I'm going to go ahead and clean these floor mats. What you need to clean the floor mats is green clean. I'm going to use green clean as our interior and exterior total surface cleaner. This is a 100% all natural biodegradable product. Has no harsh chemicals in it. So it's not going to hurt you or it's not going to hurt the surface that you're cleaning, whether it be interior or exterior. I want to use one of our short handled gray flag tip brushes to scrub it. And you can also use one of these goat brushes to get into the smaller cracks to clean out any type of debris. So first what I like to do is I like to wet down the mat. So I'm going to take my hose. I'm going to hose down the mat. There we go. Because when I've got the mat hose down, I'm going to take some of my green clean and I'm going to hose down the floor mat. There we go. Now I'm going to take my short handled brush and I'm going to scrub down this floor mat. The whole point of this is to remove any dirt because dirt often makes these floor mats look gray. This one kind of looks kind of gray because it's from the driver's side. And I knew the green clean was a great pick for this because it's easy to use. And it's easy to clean. There we go. There's any other smaller areas. I can always get it with the goat brush like the emblem right here. Move around these parts. Okay now once I get that done, I'm going to hose it off. Now you can use it for the pressure washer. You can do this for the hose. Now I'm going to take my floor mat. I'm going to take it and move it out of the way and I kind of like to shake it off a little bit. Now a lot of people like to actually go ahead and dry these with a microfiber towel but I use clean, deionized water so I don't have to use a microfiber towel. I can just put these out in the sun and let them dry on naturally. So I'm going to run over here. I'm going to put them up on a safe area away from dirt, away from any debris so I can go ahead and keep cleaning the rest of the floor mats. So let's repeat that process on the other three floor mats to have a nice full set. Let's do it right now. Now we're back after a few minutes and our floor mats have dried and they look amazing. We're able to remove all that dirt, any stains. We have some human vomit or sludge or something at the bottom but we scrubbed it off using our green clean, the goat brush and our short handled brush. Now our rubber formats look cool. If you have mud or snow or poop or anything on your rubber formats, scrub them off with some green clean, hose them off and they'll look good just like this one. So if you have any more questions about rubber formats, BMW's drifting, hanging out, having fun, you can always check out all of this cool products on our Facebook or our YouTube account where you can find me and all this stuff at ChemicalGuys.com.