 Yo, what is up guys Patrick? You're welcome back to a video today As you can see we got a chris history behind me. It's because if the store has chris history I could put a chris history up, okay? And also because we're here to try the holiday drinks at Starbucks, okay? Okay, so after I left work, I went I picked it up. It's the venti. This is the iced Toasted vanilla chocolate mocha. It's the craziest name in the world I don't know how they come up with it But you can see chris history holiday season holiday drink. I got an ice because I prefer to drink coffee ice So yeah, it's got like these sugar pink shavings on the top as you guys can see There'll be a little bit of a close-up on the screen right now, but I'll obviously holiday cup. They got some like Ornament like these little like in these like Christmas tree like pine tree leaf things I don't know what those are I'm too lazy to like search it off like what this is supposed to be But it's a holiday holiday cup, okay? So we got it's Steam milk caramelized white chocolate whipped cream with and it's topped with holiday sugar Sparkles and white pearls. I don't see the like these like pink white I guess they're like half of them are white half of them are pink. That's pretty legit So yeah holiday season had to get the chris history in the background If the stores have it, I'm putting up one up, you know if they're selling the trees That means it's time to put them up and Starbucks has the holiday drinks. It's time to put the tree up Okay, so I don't want to hear any comments in the description of always got a chris history in the background It's November 4th. No, you guys are probably wondering how much this venti coffee Costed me it was $6 and two cents. I know it's a little bit pricey It was actually a little bit on the cheap side, I think because Starbucks then those people be over pricing over there But you guys just want me to try this you want me to try the drink Let's let's try it. Okay, here we go ready Maybe we mix it up a little bit get some of these holidays sparkles in here Mix up the bottom. I don't know how it works. I'm not I'm not too much of a fan of the The warm coffee I'm more of an iced coffee guy myself. So that's why I usually do iced reviews of different coffees But different coffees that are iced, you know instead of warm. I'll do warm reviews. Don't worry I still got plenty more holiday drinks to review comment down below which one you want me to do next and let's get right into this. Let's let's try What the heck I'm not to I'm not really that much of a pan of vanilla coffee like the default I always go for like mocha just mocha or I go with like an actual like flavor or caramel or something like this But this like hybrid vanilla mocha tastes pretty good I can't stop drinking it. I don't have anything bad to say about it. I want to try some of these These pro things on the top here Oh, yeah, that's sugar that sugar Damn, this is so good. I'm almost done if I look I'm already like I'm right here But damn this is so good. I'm glad I started off with the toasted white chocolate mocha. It's a that's like a crazy name to say They need to start making these drinks with a simpler name because these things are way too long names Damn this is actually pretty good What I have to say about this drink I feel like Since it's iced it tastes a lot better than maybe that it tastes warm. I don't know Ice coffee in my opinion tastes so much for better than warm coffee comment down below I'm making you guys comment so much Don't comment anything. You know, just forget it. Never mind. Give me your opinion Ice-thur warm coffee which one's better? I prefer iced damn. This is so good. This is really good I don't know It's probably by far my favorite coffee now By far my favorite coffee turn out of time. This is so good. You guys just don't even understand you need to try it for yourself God damn It tastes so good So freaking good So yeah to keep this video short. I like to say turn out a ton. It's so good It's got a good like hybrid between the mocha and the vanilla. It tastes so good You guys have to try it for yourself So yeah, I hope you guys enjoyed this video if you did remember to smash that like button and subscribe to the channel And I'll see you guys in the next review video. See ya