 Oh, you can lose your hair, you're hurt. Summer stains can be a huge problem. If it's ice cream, it's ketchup, it's grass stains, so much going on in the summer, so you need the right product. I've been using ACE for white recently, which is just amazing. It's really, really simple to use. Cheap, you can get it in pound-sharp test goes as to it's no more than about between £1.50 and £3 bottle, so it's a really cost-effective product, and it's just easy to use. So basically, my son has come home from school for the fourth day in a row with marks all over his t-shirt. It's every day this week, it's actually been driving me insane, but with this product, you just really, really simply, when you get quite deep stained like this, it's better just to literally pour it on, neat, like so, like so, and then while that's getting to work, just pour yourself a nice bowl of warm water. It doesn't have to be boiling hot because water just works whether it's hot, this product will work in hot or cold water, which is a really fancy. But then simply, oh, it smells so good as well. Really simply, just going to soak it in there. I'm going to soak it in here for about 15 minutes, just while we have our tea and stuff to see it now, and then I'll show you the results. I've actually only left this 10 minutes because it's too hot to cook dinner today, and just to show you, stain is all out, and you know, the best bit about this product is for school polo shirts, being a have actually got the school logo, it doesn't affect the blue in the logo, so this isn't being discolored because this product is a Cloves Whitenin Bleach, but it's not actually the same sort of bleach you'd use to clean with. So the bleach is only going to activate certain fibers, so it doesn't activate the woven sewn in school badges, which I think is just an amazing quality. I've popped the link down below for you, so if you are interested in giving this product a well, you can buy it online on Amazon, or you can go to Tesco's, Pound Shot, Wheelcoz, very supermarkets, and look for it on the top shelf. Thanks for watching!