 Hello everyone, please welcome and join me in Indian Punjabi style cooking best of all my easy steps cooking. I'm going to cook today red cabbage and I'm going to share with you hardware to it. I'm going to use a half red cabbage, I cut in small pieces, 1 potato, half green bell pepper, I cut in small pieces. All my spices consist of 1 teaspoon of each, garam masala, black pepper, coriander powder, turmeric powder and salt, cumin seed, cumin seed, cumin seed, garlic, ginger paste, 1 teaspoon of each and 3 green serenotions, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup green peas, 2 green stack, cut into small pieces celery, half cup carrot, I use, since I'm using my red cabbage, I'm going to use 1 onion in a white color, just to bring the contrast and 1 fresh tomato, let's start the curry. I start my gas, I bring olive oil, I bring cumin seed and mustard seed, garlic, ginger paste and my green serenotions. About 1 minute of cooking, ginger garlic paste, I'll bring my onion. I'll just add a little bit of salt, cooking my onion about a minute or so, now I'll bring the fresh tomato. I'll bring my all spices, garam masala, black pepper, coriander powder, turmeric powder and salt, and I'll mix it. Before I add my cabbage, I'll bring all other ingredients, celery, peas, carrots, potato and bell pepper, I'll mix it well, after mixing it, so I'm going to lower my flame, I'll put the cover on and we'll cook it for 3 minutes before we bring our red cabbage on the stove. Cooking for 3 minutes with the closer lid, add medium flame, I'll mix it again, now I'll bring my red cabbage, I'll mix it well, after mixing it well, I'll cover it again and I'll put the medium, low gas and I'll cook it for 5 minutes, after 5 minutes it will be well cooked. Cooking with the close lid for 5 minutes and it's all cooked and all mixed and I'll put the lid on and I'll mix it well, I'll mix it well, I'll mix it well, I'll cook it for 5 minutes, I'll mix it well, I'll mix it well, I'll mix it well, I'll cook it for 5 minutes, I'll mix it well, I'll mix it well, I'll mix it well, I'll cook it for 5 minutes, I'll mix it well, I'll mix it well, I'll mix it well, I'll cook it for 5 minutes and you will love it, my red cabbage is beautifully done, it's pure vegetarian dish and I'm sure you're going to like it, my red cabbage is already, I'm going to share with you how beautiful it's looking, I'm going to taste it, very delicious, please cook and share with me your experience, if you like it, please like share, give me a thumbs up and subscribe and I'm going to see you soon with the near-to-est with easy steps cooking, thank you very much, you have a good day, bye bye.