 Hey guys and welcome to another day of vlogmas. So we are going to be making one of our favorite Christmas treats which is muddy buddies. Muddy buddies. Other ones know this puppy chow but we're not feeding it to a puppy. Which this is ash. I don't know if you guys knew that we got a new puppy or not but this is ash and yes we named him ash and his middle name is bear. So his full name is ash. Ash bear. Before we go on to making the muddy buddies don't forget to bring that bell right here next to the subscribe button that will make sure you get the notifications for when we post a video and you know you guys know about our videos so please do that and now let's go on to making the muddy buddies. What's his name, paisley? Ash bear with nine. That's his name? What's your name? Paisley Amani with nine. Paisley Amani. That's Finchai with nine. You got it. What's my name? M-mandy. I don't know you're middle name. That's mine. They're busily at work. I believe you are. Okay what is it required? Yes. I'm doing acquires. I like to double it because I like the loss of it. Nine cups of corn, chestnuts and nine cups of rice, chestnuts and then we double up the tail. And the recipe? One fact. On the back of the boxes. So I can need it. Reassurance and lunch are putting in. So next we're putting in technically if you're not doubling it to be one cup, but since we're doubling we're doing two cups of chocolate chips and I always like to add a little more because we can have a little more. Now that we have the chocolate chips in the bowl, I'm going to add one cup of peanut butter which remember that's doubled and then I'm going to add one fourth cup butter margarine. So double, that'd be one half cup. So I'm going to put the margarine and the peanut butter together with the chocolate chips and then melt it all in the microwave. Oh no I don't. I'm going to put a spoon. Skills. Skills. I guess mom is not satisfied with the idea of muddy breadies because she just made. Well it's not my fault I just don't love muddy breadies. I don't know I'm one of the weirdos. It's the peanut butter chocolate mix. I'm a purist. I just like chocolate. And now we like a wave. What? Let me try. Okay. I think I just stepped out. Good job Bailey. Nope. Bailed. Oh my god. Okay. This is the best part of the cookie right here. Now that our compaction is mixed we add one teaspoon of vanilla and then we are good to go and we'll pour it on the checks mix. The cookies are done. Now we mix. Yeah. Oh looking looking. Looking good. Okay so recipe calls for one and a half cups of powdered sugar which means we need about three cups of powdered sugar which is not nearly enough powdered sugar so I usually add a cup more because we like our sugar. What are you doing? Put powdered sugar in the bag. But two of them. Now it's the wild hardest part. Get a hand. Look at this and there. Some of you may be wondering why we have plastic sheeting up. Yes that's beautiful isn't it. This would be white. Yes. Right after we moved in our refrigerator leaked and we now have hardwoods being torn out and replaced as a result of the leakage. So unfortunately we are living on plywood that actually needs to come up too. That's horrible again. How you put your bag of sugar? You don't want it to spill so the trick is to zip it up as soon as you can. Hold the top and then shake. That way if it does explode we've gotten the majority of it in your fingers. We had one explode one time and it was a disaster. Shake, shake, shake. Shake, shake, shake. What a beautiful masterpiece. Beautiful soul. Yummy. These muddy buddies are so good so definitely try this recipe at home. Also comment below what your favorite Christmas tree is and don't forget to ring that bell so you can get our notifications and subscribe to our channel right here. If you want to see more of our videos click over here and if you want to see more of our DIYs click over here. See you next time. Bye. Woo.