 I'm going to get a new car. I'm going to get a new car. I'm going to get a new car. I'm going to get a new car. I'm going to get a new car. I'm going to get a new car. I'm going to get a new car. I'm going to get a new car. I'm going to get a new car. I'm going to get a new car. I'm going to get a new car. I'm going to get a new car. I'm going to get a new car. I'm going to get a new car. I'm going to get a new car. I'm going to get a new car. I'm going to get a new car. For your DIY slime, you're going to need some glue, some paint, some tied laundry detergent, a bowl, and a spoon. You're going to start by taking your glue and pouring it into a bowl. Since there is no exact measurements for this DIY, just put as much glue as you think you'll need to make the amount of slime you want. Now just take your paint and put it into your glue. Mix it really well until the paint is well combined. The paint now is using didn't work so well, so I just added some food coloring to really make that my slime look purple. When your slime turns out to the color you want it, just go ahead and add some tied into the bowl. Add a little bit at a time and stir until you get the right consistency. As you mix, you will notice that the glue will slowly begin to come off of the bowl. Once the glue is really off and doesn't really look like slime but looks like a gloppy, brain-like consistency, you should go ahead and use your hands to knead it together. At first this is really gross but the more you knead it, the more slime like your consistency will be. I recommend that you knead the slime for at least 5 minutes to make sure that it is really good and well combined. I just made my brother knead this for a majority of the time because I was a little bit too lazy. I also went ahead and made some pink slime and I love this color so much. Make sure you store your slime in containers that you can close so that they don't dry up. Oh my god guys, this slime was so much fun to play with. This is so fun, it feels so cool in my hands and this is just like I bought it from the store. Guys, this slime was so easy and fun to make if you'd like to see more videos on how to make different types of slime. Please give this video a big thumbs up and comment down below. Okay guys, so you really need to make sure that your slime is in an airtight container or also definitely dry up which happened to me. Okay guys, thank you so much for watching this video. If you haven't seen my last video, please click here to watch that. Don't forget to subscribe and like this video if you want to see more videos with DIY slime. And don't forget to comment if you liked this video or if you made your own DIY slime. So yeah, bye!