 Hello everyone, I'm your produce guy. Today I've got some baby red potatoes that we're going to roast up here. So you need to grab a few things from your kitchen to get this done. It's simple, only a few ingredients, but it is also delicious. First thing you need is a cookie sheet or a pan to roast these on. You will need some, of course, baby red potatoes about a pound and a half. Some olive oil, we're going to use about a third of a cup there. I've got some garlic, I've got two cloves here that we're going to either mince or grate in and some fresh rosemary that will go into this and then some freshly ground pepper and some salt, both of those. And that's pretty much what you'll need. A mixing bowl to put these things together. So let's get started. Okay, this is just a simple, simple recipe here. You cut these potatoes either in half, depending on the size either half or quarters. I like to quarter them because it exposes more surface area. Now these potatoes have been washed, I've already washed them and I've got all the dirt off of them, but we're just going to quarter these up here about a pound and a half as I say. Now that one's small enough, I'm just going to cut it in half, but about a pound and a half. So many blemishes or scars you might see and quarter quarter just like that. Okay, we've got our potatoes all cut up there. You see those nice white skins inside, the nice white flesh. Next I'm going to put my garlic in. Now as you've probably seen before, a produce guy likes to shred his garlic or grate it on a grater. So I'm going to do that. You could use up to three cloves of garlic in this type of recipe, but in my experience what I find is when you grate this garlic, it actually exposes more surface area. Just like on the potatoes, I would cut them into quarters, you get more surface area exposed so they can absorb the flavor. Well this actually imparts more flavor with the grated garlic here. It's in a finer form so it gets around a little bit more. So there's our garlic in there. Get all that in. Alright, next item is going to be our fresh rosemary. Now you buy this at the store. Fresh herbs, they'll have a whole rack of different herbs, basil and different things. You just kind of pull these off like that, you get the little, I don't know what you call these things, or like pine needles or something, I don't know. You pull those off and I got a couple of sprigs here there, that one came off very nicely. And these need to be minced up again, get some more, some more flavor out there. Now the way to, the way to, that I stripped that, those little needles off the rosemary, they grow, they grow up like this as you can see. And I just went against the grain, just grab the tip of it, pull it against the grain, and those things just kind of peel right off there. So this is about two tablespoons of rosemary, oh, it smells great, smells just great. So that's going to go in next. Now the olive oil goes in and it's about a third of a cup is what we're going to put in there. I ball that, that oil is what will crisp up the skin as it's baking away there. Okay, some fresh ground pepper, about two thirds of a teaspoon. I like a little pepper though. And then you could use some kosher salt or I've just got some table salt here. And we're putting about a teaspoon of that in. You know, a handy tip with the potatoes is if you put too much salt in your soup, you throw a cup of potato in there, they'll absorb that salt. We are ready now to toss this and get it on our tray. Alrighty, we've got our potatoes all mixed together, well coated with that oil. Got my cookie sheet right here. These just go out just like that. We're going to grate about that extra rosemary and some of that oil that garlic down in the bottom. Okay. Alright, now this tray, make sure that they're single layer here, just like that. And this tray goes in the oven, 400 degrees, for 50 minutes to an hour, somewhere in there. And we need to flip these potatoes over about halfway through. So I'm going to pop them in the oven and we'll bring it back when they're done. Alright, these have just come out of the oven. Can you hear that sizzle? And they're still just sizzle a little bit there. The rosemary smell, which was very potent in the beginning, has mellowed out from the baking. So I'm going to go ahead and plate some of these up and show you what they look like. There now. Wasn't that easy? And don't they look great? They smell delicious. Oven roasted, baby red potatoes with rosemary. Now if you don't have fresh rosemary, you can use the dried rosemary out of your spice covered. Just cut down the amount to about a third of what we used in this and that will get it done. Mmm. Oh, that's good. Garlic, the rosemary, crispy potato, delicious. Thank you so much for viewing us today. Please, if you haven't subscribed already, buttons right up above. So go ahead and hit it. If you have subscribed, thank you so much. Just a reminder you can also follow us on Facebook and Twitter. Those links are off to the side over here. So look for those. And I need more Twitter followers. So if you've got a Twitter account, sign up for your produce guy. Thanks so much. And as always, remember, fresh is best. Thanks.