 Hi everybody and welcome back into my kitchen. Tonight we're going to make shrimp alfredo in my trusty little pressure cooker so this stuff will be done in seven minutes. In the pot I've got some olive oil and some diced up onions and I let them simmer. You know brown I put my my pressure cooker on brown and when they when the onions begin to get a little translucent I'm gonna add some things to them. So I got some pasta I don't know why I didn't have this out but I did. Sorry about that guys. I didn't get them out because they have to stay frozen. So this is 12 ounces of shrimp. Now they're they're devained and peeled but the tail just fell on them and they're frozen solid those go in next. I've got some chicken stock. Don't worry about catching all this it'll be you know in the about section. Got some garlic. All right. And I've got some all-way seasoning. I'm gonna spread it around in here. Now this is bow-type pasta if I didn't mention it. Hope I did but I may not have. All right. Now I'm going to lock this down and I'm gonna set my timer on high which is 15 PSI for seven minutes. Then we'll be back. All right guys my timer just went off. I'm gonna release this pressure quickly. This has been on 15cs out of 7 minutes. And when all this being comes out, we're going to have the rest of the engraving out. What should we do shortly? You'll raise right here. I don't know if you could see this. Right over here it says, do not play fan over Regulator knob, which is this. And you know, last time I did. I got a little burn, not bad, but a little burn. So learn from my mistakes and don't forget to put it on pressure. I did not forget this time. I'm waiting for this little button right here to go fall down and then I'll know all the pressure is gone. See it just fell. Just fell. I'm going to unlock it. Take the lid off. Oh my goodness. I'll set this lid down over here. I'm going to stop it. I'm going to hit brown down here and hit start. Now I'm going to stir this up a bit. Oh my goodness. Oh that looks so good doesn't it? There goes my dog. All right now I'm going to have a... I also have a cream. I'm not adding heavy cream. I'm adding half and half. Just to save a few calories. I'm adding some Parmesan cheese. I'm going to stir this in. I'm going to add some flour. I'm going to add a little bit of pepper. Oh my goodness. Let's see. This is salt and pepper to taste. I'm a pepper person but you don't want it to take over the dish. That is not the star. And neither is the salt. I've got a separate spoon here because you know I've had a bad cough, cold and congestion. Just want some comfort food here lately. It needs a little salt. That's probably enough. I'm going to leave this alone for a few minutes and let it thicken up. In the meantime, so I'm going to push this back on. In the meantime, see if I can get this in. Not sure. Okay, maybe a little further. I made some bread earlier today. This is what I'm going to have with this. From Avira. Shrimp. Now, bread on. Usually, you know, I've let it cool. I cooked the bread earlier. I let it cool. And when you want to slice your bread and not mess it up so bad, put it on the side. Here we go. Look at that bread. Oh my God, look at the crumb and the holes in it. Oh, I love that. I'm going to put a little bit of butter on one of them. This one. Maybe a little bit on this one too. That's plenty. All right, so that'll be waiting for us, right? And then we'll pull this back out over here and move this bread out of the way. You see it? I've got it on brown, simmering, and it's thickening that broth, the parmesan, and it's going to thicken that up. We're almost ready to eat. All right, this is about as thick as I want it. I'm going to pull some of this out and put it in a bowl. Oh my gosh. Can you see that? Sprinkle a little bit of parsley flakes on it. You push this back here. Here's our crusty bread. And there's our meal for today. It looks wonderful, doesn't it? Take a meal. If you learn to use your pressure cooker, I hope I've encouraged all of you to start using yours or buy one. All right, thank you for coming in today and spending part of your day with me. Give me a thumbs up if you like the recipe. And please subscribe if you haven't. Until next time, you all take care. Shrimp Alfredo. Ready in seven minutes.