 Hi everyone, so today we're going to look at how to clip hedgehog nails. Had a lot of people asked me how to do it so I'm going to go ahead and demonstrate it in this video. This hedgehog needs her nails clipped pretty bad, they're pretty long right now. And I'd suggest using one of two types of clippers. I just use these human clippers. You can actually go ahead and use cat type clippers or they make them for fairs, where they have like a little circle, it looks like a scissors and then you put the nail through and then it kind of closes and chops off the nail. Those work fine too, I just feel like those could maybe get a little bit too deep on the nail and maybe cut the finger, whereas this one I feel it's safer to use. So you don't want to find, so you're going to get your hedgehog who's messing with my camera right now. And hopefully she's fairly nice like this one. I'm going to want to just pick them up and try to get them to calm down and to get kind of their leg sticking somewhere where you can see it. She's pretty good about letting me hold her legs, but I got a holder still at the same time. It might take a second until she kind of just gives up and says, alright, I'll just sit here for a second. The back one is actually looking pretty easy to do here. You see how long this back nail is? So we're going to go ahead and cut that one. So I'm going to hold her leg with my fingers as you see here, so it's not really moving. I'm going to get my things ready and then I'm going to go in just like a human nail, but don't cut it too far. And I got two adult time right here. I'm going to show you. I just got them in there. Just clipped. Get them a little bit more. I got to be very careful here not to clip unless you know you're just clipping nail. You don't want to clip if it's clipping anything else. So I got that nail pretty good. Now this nail is just sticking out back here. It looks pretty easy to get. It's upside down here. Hey, stick it back out. She just put it in here. It is again. So we're just going to get that inside the clippers. She grabbed it back in right when I was going to get it. And clip it off. And then this one's still on. And there we go. That one looks okay now. Still have her front ones to do. So in this time I'm going to have to hold her again trying to get the front. And she's not letting me hold her front claws too good here. Her front ones don't look as bad. Her front ones don't really need it. I don't know if you saw that, but I just got one of them. And there's the other one. So it's not that bad. You just got to work with her hedgehog and get their legs in the right spot. I didn't hurt her at all. She was never even puffed in a ball, but she was trying to get away from me. But all her nails were cut. Now it only took a minute or so. And pretty easy to do. If your hedgehog is more angry and balls more up into a ball, it might just take you more time. You just got to maybe use gloves and you just got to kind of see how she's in a ball now. You might want to use gloves at that point and try to just grab one arm and like hold it out. And then clip that one arm and then go on to the next one. But you might want to use gloves if she's all puffed up. So anyways, thanks for helping with the demonstration there, Ms. Hedgehog. And we'll see everyone later.