 a This way. Is that what you got?ONDA cleanse for those of y'all that know every time I cleanse I do the 10 day green smoothie cleanse. It's crazy because I always tell myself I'm never gonna do it again but it's actually really effective and I cleanse once a year. So my wife was actually planning to cleanse as well. Initially I wasn't gonna do it just because I didn't feel like it but I said you know she could use them on all support. Plus I do cleanse once a year so why not just go ahead and get it over with. So this is the first time I'm actually gonna document every day. The ups, the downs you know all that good stuff so definitely stick around. Subscribe to the channel, hit that like button, share the channel you know with your friends, anybody that you know that could potentially benefit from this this cleanse. Like I always say I definitely do stand by it. There are a lot of great benefits to it. Weight loss is one of them. My main motivation for doing it is honestly just the cleanse. The weight loss just comes with it. Each time I do this cleanse I lose no less than 16 pounds so it should be good. I'm gonna be in the gym as well. I'm not sure if they recommend that. For beginners I probably wouldn't because it does it does drain you quite a bit. But like I said I've done this a couple times already and I'm used to it already so I want to be in the gym to try to keep my strength. I want to make sure I don't lose any strength while I'm doing this and the gym honestly that's my therapy man so I got to be in there as well so you guys are gonna get all that. Like I said stick around and get ready. This is Day 1. So every day starts out with a cup of tea. So let's go ahead and get that started. So this is the tea that I go with. Mama what are you doing? Thank you. Say hi to other people. There you go. So the tea starts off the day and then after that it's basically just the smoothies. You're allowed to eat certain things like you can snack on carrots you can snack on little celery. The fruits are kind of try to stay away from you know because of the sugar but they do allow you to you know to give a couple of that if you if you feel the need to. Boiled eggs you can do I try to limit the bowl eggs to like three a day three or four a day. Usually I just eat two of the white and two of them I just eat whole. All right no easy way. Finish prying up. Actually tastes pretty good too. Let's get it. So we also as day two I actually felt pretty good. Work up with a lot of energy today. Not feeling tired or not really feeling hungry at all but you know my body starting to recognize the sums up. Let's get busy. You know the grind don't stop right. Feeling pretty good today. Got a lot of energy. I know it's only day two so I'm here at the gym now about to get in some chest and a little bit of core. Working out with my dog today. I came a little bit early to do some cardio before he gets here. Well at least that was the plan. I'm actually got caught up in a little bit of traffic so he should be here in like five minutes. I'm going up check. My dog said he came to work today. Let's get it. Trying to put me back in the beast mode. Surprisingly I feel real good. Every time I do the cleanse like each day that goes on. Again more energy more energy. Don't underestimate yourself. The mind is a powerful thing y'all. Reach your bench. And overall strengthening your chest. Make sure you do these. Check this out. 10, 11, 12, 15, 14. Let's go. What's up, new nation fans. This is day three. Actually in the process of making my making the smoothies for the day. They do give you the option of putting in a protein powder in it if you want to but they recommend plant-based protein. I did it once before. I wasn't really filling it so I'm not gonna do that this time around. What's going on guys? It's Thursday for the 10-day Green Smoothie Clean. Not gonna lie to y'all. I do feel a little bit, I feel a little bit lethargic but it might be due to me not really getting much sleep last night. My daughter wasn't really filling too well so she didn't sleep through the night which caused me to get up multiple times to go check on her or whatever. Apart from that I mean I'm still alive. Surprisingly a little sore from my chest workout previously. I believe that was day two about to get up and make the smoothie for the day. Looking forward to getting today 10. Day four smoothie prep. Let's see what we got today. Day five. Green smoothie cleanse. You can see where I'm at right now. I'm actually at the dealership. Well I have to bring my wife's car here to get some service and done. I've got to get a registration done and all that. Regular stuff. Just out here killing time. Waiting for them to finish up what they're doing. As far as with the cleanse it's going pretty good. I actually feel good. I haven't had my shake yet because I had to take my son to school this morning and I sent my appointment for 9.30 so as soon as I was done over there I just went ahead and shot over here. I've been here ever since. It's now 12.15. The work is finally done. I got to get on the road go pick my boy up from school. The hustle never stops man. I'm telling you. I'll leave him. I'm about to go ahead and get this smoothie popping off. Get that mate. Got my tea mate. Got some good old water. You know I'll just ate a little bit of carrots to get my energy up a little. I'll take it out to the video. I got to look right here. I got to look at the camera. Don't look at this. Put your name. I'm a sailor. Say it. Alright. Alright say bye. Bye. Let's kid number two. New nation was going on y'all. This is day six and I'm still alive. Quick update. I've lost a considerable amount of weight. I decided actually not to really track my weight. I did. Well I'm tracking my weight but you know what I mean I'm not really concentrating on it. That's why I haven't really been reporting it accurately to you guys. But I did weigh myself today versus when I first started and I've lost nine pounds already which is crazy. I woke up today with a lot of energy. I'm about to go and take care of this which is much needed. Man it cuts back again. You got to put me in a commercial man. I got to be in some commercial with lit. Alright we back activated. Feligiano how it is when you get that new cut feeling like a new man. I'm about to go ahead and head home and get the smoothies ready and everything. Business is usual. Six days y'all. Four more. Just four more days left. Not even going to lie to y'all. I'm feeling kind of weak right now. Just wish I could eat. But it's day six. You know I'm going to stick it out to that and I never I never quit you know I never quit these things. This is usually around the time that I start getting you know extra lethargic and you know with me personally when I'm you know when I have an eating or I'm tired I just I get real cranky. So I'm trying to not snap you know what and my boys you know when they do certain things to take me off. I'm trying to hold in my composure because I know the possibility of me snapping it's enhanced at this point you know because of because of what I got going on. So enough said I'm about to go make this smoothie and it should help me out. I think if after I drink a little bit of it I feel a little bit better. A little bit more energy in me. Got to kid him, man. I need four bananas. Somebody ate two of them. Babe, where are the bananas? Did they eat the bananas man? I should probably have some frozen bananas they were in the fridge in the freezer probably like two years old. And Atlanta but it's day seven. Day seven of the 10 day green smoothie cleanse and I'm feeling great. I'm feeling great. I woke up today feeling really good. Had a lot of energy. It's a good day. Let's go ahead and put this top up. I'm actually headed to the publics right now. We ran out of some of the ingredients needed for the remaining three days. Seven, eight, nine, ten, four. Four remaining four smoothies because I haven't made today's yet. You see the merchandise? Noeasywayfit.com. If you want to show your support you know in any way I appreciate it. I appreciate the support I've been getting thus far. If you want to further show your support you know head over to the website noeasywayfit.com. If you haven't gotten your merchandise yet you should be ashamed of yourself. Yes you should be ashamed of yourself. Chopin is done. I had it back home now to prepare the smoothie almost there. That's the home stretch. I'm going to have a look at the other alert. Flood watch in about five miles from Conn's location. Shout out to wifey4 in the video. Day seven. I can see the light at the end of the tunnel you know it's almost over. Super excited and yeah let's get this going. Right here is my air fryer. I'm going to enjoy some of the great foods that you love that require being fried. Invest in the air fryer. This thing is clutch. Right now we're making some uh make some plantains for the boys. Fresh from the air fryer. No grease. And it tastes amazing. See my hands no grease. Absolutely no grease. The struggle is real ya. The struggle is real. You guys don't call your eyes. Good morning. Day eight of the 10 day green smoothie cleanse. I just got done dropping my son off at daycare. My stomach is cramping up real bad. Which is normal at night time we also have to drink um I think it's called a dieters tea or something like that which causes you to you know causes you to number two. Eat yourself as you will. Excited to get the day started. Excited to get these 10 days over with um still alive still here you know so for those that thought it wasn't possible it's definitely possible you know um just taste a little bit of dedication. Focus determination definitely and um you know you two can be successful as I hope to be in the next two days. Back in the truck I'm a way to pick up my little man. So if your main goal is you're trying to lose weight you know you're trying to get in shape then the 10 day green smoothie cleanse is definitely a good uh I would say it's a good head start. I've lost up to 15 thus far um in this day eight you know what I mean so cleansing while losing weight um the safe way doing that both simultaneously um it's always a good a good thing. My only thing is be careful when you finish up with the uh the 10 days you don't want to just dive right into just eating anything because that's the quickest way for you to gain all that way back uh and I'm speaking from experience I think the first time I did it you know I was so excited that I had lost so much weight and I thought that I was so far ahead of the curve that I think we were we were actually traveling. I went to Wendy's and got a uh got a burger on some fries and I just went overkill I think I got a shake too. That was definitely a big mistake I would ease back into it. From the 10 days that you did the smoothie cleanse maybe pick your favorite shake out of those 10 days. Smoothie I keep saying shake your favorite smoothie out of those 10 days and maybe drink that for breakfast and then for lunch maybe ease into it have a salad maybe with some chicken breast or something like that for dinner as well take it easy you know to mean more greens more vegetables give your body the proper time to adjust and I think you'd be good. Let's do this working me harder than I want to that's what you need though need that push. I'm camera's is on yeah let's go let's go yeah let's go workout is complete as you saw we worked on arms we also did uh did some abs you know a little bit of core I would have been laying in my bed sleeping you know especially being on its cleanse I don't necessarily have as much strength as I usually do came out anyway you know what I mean I think that's the most important step is just showing up as long as you show up I really believe that your body is going to take that next step and push you to heights that you never thought you could. New nation it's your boyzo uh and it is day nine day nine of the 10 day green smoothie cleanse and I'm feeling good feeling great got a lot of energy how to great workout yesterday are what you really helped me out actually I hate this one to chip yeah they go to the gym right yeah right what you eating back there um Cheetos uh let me see your chips is it good yeah man it is good we are back with the arm let me see this is day nine it's actually it's past nine o'clock right now actually it's 8 30 months are 8 30 and uh we are about to about to head to the bedroom right now relax put the kids to bed about about a half an hour ago uh so have some things to finish up uh just drink my tea this is the uh the dieters teed that I was telling y'all about this is the one that makes you go you know um so just finishing up my tea I'm gonna drink another bottle of water and then I'm gonna call it a wrap for the day day 10 is tomorrow I'm so looking forward to day 10 can't wait for this to be over just being honest um but still you know I'm still alive still feeling good uh I've lost a lot of weight um which you can probably tell by uh by the video you know looking at my face or whatever but like I said um can't wait for day 10 one more day let's get it good morning new nation it is a beautiful day it is day 10 of my 10 day green smoothie cleanse so excited as always we start off with our detox tea and once again I'm gonna show you the brand that I use it's the yogi brand tastes nasty um but what I do I add some uh add some true via to it makes it tastes a little bit better but still nasty valerina herbal tea um and I get the extra strength brand so I don't know where you can pick this up I personally get this from um the farmer's market that's uh closed by to my home but I look for it like at publics uh Walmart they don't sell it there this is one that I know for fat works 100% this works it'll get you every time so um yeah what did you get the candy for my new you won't go to school right yeah what's today um let it tea let it tea yeah kids and I thought the food was going on new nation looking forward to getting this day over with um I'm lacking so much energy right now so excuse me if I'm not as enthusiastic and uh you know animate it as uh as I usually I well I'm really not usually that animate anyway but you know a little bit more for life uh as day 10 I'm about to go ahead and get this smoothie uh blend it up and get this day over with y'all man I'm so so tired but I got a lot of great updates for you guys lost a lot of weight um I lost a couple of inches off on my waist all right this is it guys this is my last gop of my smoothie 10 days come down to this last gop and you know I wanted to share this special moment with you guys so here we go finished 10 day green smoothie cleanse it's all right