 Hi you guys, I'm gonna do a quick video. A few days back I made a fish out of leaks. I was just playing about with it but actually turned that quite nice. I enjoyed it. I've just been to the part of my sun and we've been there for a few hours so I need to make something quick. It's healthy and tasty so I'm gonna make it again and film as you guys can see it. Anyhow, the main ingredient is the humble leak. I brought these from Aldi for I don't give you 55 pen so I use about three of them because it's too of a fitting but yeah I'm gonna prep everything. There's no need to film that and I'll show you how I'll make different components. Hopefully you can give it a try if you like leaks. Anyhow, I'll be back once I finish prepping. Alright guys, so I'm gonna start off by making the batter to go to Korean Star pancakes. Prevegan I used to always get these Korean pancakes from the Korean store called Pajang. I could be pronouncing it wrong but it had squid prawns and you name it in there and then I thought why not try and make a savory version of that so I looked some nice few ideas and it's basically just the same pancake with loads and ingredients inside. I pack it with loads of vegetables and it's just a simple batter made of flour. This is just self-raising flour. Cold water and a bit of salt. I don't measure any flake out I just guess and I'm sure it's too much but we'll see. It's quick enough to make any house that doesn't actually don't make enough. So you're just using flour. I mean self-raising flour, a bit of vanilla and salt. Any salt to find just the one that I use if I can get out of the packet. Just enough to taste and then you're going to make it into light, custard-like consistency with ice cold water. And I always get this bit wrong so just practice. Let's see, fix and add a bit more water. And you can go by site but you can actually feel how thick it is as well. So just mix until you've got the lumps out. I'm going to put a bit more water in there because you'll find as you make them you'll find the best method that works for you because if you make it too thick it's quite a dense pancake and you want a bit of air in there just to lighten it up a bit. That's fine. Okay, I've prepared the vegetables that are going to go inside the pancake and all that's got in there is carrots, shallots, leeks and some seaweed which I keep stored in the freezer. It's the sheets that you get for making, hope for snacking on off and making sushi. But yeah, you just add whatever vegetables you fancy and you just make sure they're sliced nice and thin so they cook evenly once you get them on the stove. Right, I'm going to get the pan together and show you how I make these. Okay guys, this is the second way I'm going to prepare the leeks. When I've done it on Instagram I made it chili by actually like it teriyaki and when I was tidying my pantry I found I had a packet and look they look signed down there. See all you do is the easiest meal ever it's ridiculous. I'm just going to put some teriyaki on top of the leeks. You don't need a great deal, not that's a lot, you don't need a lot because when they start steaming in the oven they release a lot of water then the teriyaki sauce we're going to add water and you have a nice little bath to steam it away. That's absolutely fine. And I know I said that a lot of water will come out of it but I like to add just a touch just to start the process off. Now all I'm going to do is wrap it in some foil. Put it in the oven and we're good to go. Time wise it actually doesn't take that long it's probably just under 10 minutes because you don't put it too high but it's all too low so it's like a medium to high heat but just go by visuals. You'll see once it's cooked it starts breaking down when it's steamed in there just keep them on it quick, simple easy. Okay the next stage will be the leeks salad. Okay let's fry the pancakes. I've put some vegetable oil in there. I think it's best use of vegetable or sunflower or coconut oil. I won't quite be the saying but experiment and try you never know I could be wrong. I've got the oil on it's a medium to high heat and to test I'm just going to drop a veg in there and we've got a sizzle. I'm going to turn it down at tad and then you just mix your veg and you drop it into the pan and you should get a nice sizzle when you put it in just take that little. There you go. You just want to spread it out a little and you can put as little or as much veg as you want in there. You don't want to move it about too much because you want the bottom layer of veg to start cooking for it and if the heat's too high it's going to end up some burnt veg straight away which we don't want. You want it to be nice and well done but not burnt. Skip the camera in a little. You saw that my sizzle going on. You're going to let it go for about a minute or so just keep an eye on the veg around the edge to see if it starts browning and that'll give you indication of when to start getting ready to put the batter in and I've put the batter in and it will just make it easier to pour. Give it a stir before you pour it and you can experiment the batter like you use different flowers yet. Add different spices to the mixes experiment and have fun with it. Okay you can't sit on camera but if they just start to brown on the edge so I'm going to pour my batter on and you're not trying to make a thick pancake but you just the batter basically holds it all together. Once you've made it a few times you'll start knowing when the batter's the right consistency because I always mess it up but I'm not bothered. And you still got some veg poking out the top so when you flip it over that will crisp up nicely as well. I've got a bit distracted there so I hope you haven't burnt it. Just making sure it's smooth. It smells like a burnt it. Just moving it away from the sides to make sure it comes out of the pan so I might have to film another one. So what you do get a saucer and you just slide it out onto the saucer. You can see that. What I do just to help the other side is scrape the pan with a little bit of oil. Then I'll take the pan, put it on top of the saucer, flip it over, bob to your uncle. That's actually perfect. I'm quite happy with that. Yay! So I'll let it cook for a minute or so. Sorry I just put a bit of salivary in my mouth and I was crunching. We'll let it cook for a minute or so just to crisp up the veg on the other side and cook them through slightly and make it to your preference but I just like the nice caramelised bits of veg on the outside and as fat has gone nice and fluffy so that's great. I've just put the rice in the rice cooker that takes about 20 minutes. The leaks are on in the oven. They take about 10 minutes so if I get it right I'll come together nicely. So I'm going to cook this and then I'm going to prep the salivary that's going with it which is also made of leaks. That's the third method. Okay this little bed boy's done so I'm just going to pop him out the pan and place it on some kitchen towel. Look at that little beauty. Obviously it's fried and you can't have fried food all the time but if you don't do it too often you'd ban it you can live a little. I've got a fried cup of more of these and you can keep them warm in the oven whilst you're preparing all the other stuff. You can expect it to work at the timings but because it's just an ad hoc thing I just go to flancy what happens so I'm going to get the rest done and then I shall show you how I do the salad and I'll be back soon. PS guys that's a bit too much oil you need a tab less than that. Hey guys so now I'm going to make a lightly pickled leek salad and what I'm doing is getting a nice little flavour in there in contrast to the fried pancake and sweet teriyaki leeks. So I'm using roasted or toasted sesame oil and there's a bit of chilli, some Korean vinegar I believe it's just the Korean version of apple cider vinegar and also some sesame seeds so no measurements as usual just go by visuals and taste I'm going to add some sesame seeds in there this is the black one. I've got this from I think it's been yet but you can get them in loads of stores now and I'm adding some white ones add some little or as much as you want just stir it through so you can see the quantities right you can hear the rice cooking in the background and the pancake on the stove cooking so it's all coming together nicely like this is the vinegar no measurements you don't want to drown the leeks you just want enough to coat everything so you've got the tartness from this which will cut through the fried pancake and also really nice to the plain rice some toasted sesame oil which I got from I was not in focus so I guys which I got from a kado on line shop just the smidgen of that oh that was quite a bit and I would normally add some chilli oil but I write out that so I'm going to use my chilli spray from little and it's got quite a punch so it's going to use for spray so a great deal comes out when you're doing that so what I'll do with that is and what happens if vinegar starts to break down the leeks so it's almost like it's cooking it and you just taste that so see how it is perfect I'm happy with that so I need to touch the English I need to tell you my pancake for I burn this one check my leeks and the oven the rice cook is fine and then I'm going to do the last stage of the meal which is prepping the leek rings but I'll show you what I'm doing with that and explain that right guys this is the last stage of preparing leeks or should I say the full stage or how the pedal eats and this is the panco covered celery rings so it's just a celery kind of disc coated in the remaining you can't see it the remaining pancake batter and these are the panco crumbs this is a Korean brand that I get it doesn't matter what brand you get it's just the one I happen to have any how all you're doing is dropping the rings into the batter and yeah this isn't the healthiest part of it but as I once in the whilst fine dropping to the batter I'm half a bit won't stick but it's just about creating another texture and layer to the meal just coating the crumbs dropping the oil later fry so I'll do that for rest of those just keep mine it once it's brown take it off and you're good to go and they cook pretty quickly because you can add it well so it doesn't matter if it's crispy on the inside or crunchy should I say all right let me get these all in a pan and then I'll be back with you okay use a cooking really quickly so I'll be a show you before I end to film in and you just flip them over once they're brown on one side and then same as the pancakes you just drain them on some kitchen towel so just dip in the pancake mix dip in the panco bread crumbs and you can see that the bread crumbs also add other spices in that so it because I'll get the flavour as well to be simple and neat because it's more about the different techniques and getting the different textures from the leaks and you'll find that they all taste different anyhow it doesn't have it's not a plate full of bleep there's this different texture different tastes to every component you've got the richness from the pancake then you've got the vinegar and the salad the cuts for it and then you've got the sweetness in the teriyaki all right so I'll get this done and I'll show you what the teriyaki leaks look like and then I'll play tap I'll see you soon I just want to show you what the teriyaki leaks look with about three four minutes left to go I want the white bits to go a bit more translucent and then we're good to go you could eat it like this it's fine but I like it when it's really well cooked so I'm putting it back in the oven about three to four minutes maybe less and they're good to go so the next thing you'll see is it plate it up but I hope it's been interesting and fun for you to watch it's giving me some ideas but yeah I'll be back soon and thank you very much for watching now and here it is guys my Korean pancake inspired leak four ways milk we've got the teriyaki leaks we've got the fried leak rings pickled leak salad Korean star savory pancakes leaks carrots onions this is just a different sauce of chili oil sesame oil bit of vinegar some chili and then we've got plain steamed rice with some Korean rice dressing and Japanese rice dressing this time anyhow I hope that's inspired you to give it a go and you can use all different vegetables to play around with them make any which way you want but I hope you enjoyed this video and I'll see you soon thanks for watching bye hey guys I'm back this one's quickly shaved something a lot of times on Instagram I refer to the Korean rice dressing which is this however when talking to my friend I realize that this particular brand I use most often is a Japanese one and I've got it's in a Japanese center and particularly the circus I'll link it down below so you can have a look for yourself I also tend to buy a Korean brand but do check because a lot of them have anchovies and shrimp in them so you want to make sure you get one that's suitable for vegans anyhow this is little purple stuff you see on top of rice and I'm going again ciao