 Good morning everybody my name is Sarah on my way to work again this week running a little bit on the late side Not usually usually when I'm 15 minutes early I consider myself late, but running even a little bit later than that So I'm gonna concentrate on what I'm doing and I'll catch you after work Alexa, what's the weather like? Currently in hamburger gets 39 degrees with cloudy skies Today you can expect snowy rainy weather with a high of 42 degrees and a low of 35 degrees Well, I'll have to take a look at what things look like when I get home, but I was hoping to maybe try to get a quick hour and outside Winds are pretty mild looks pretty mild here, but things can change very drastically when I get From my area, which is a little further off the lake than where I live. So I'll see what's happening at home, but it sounds like I might be in for another's with ride All right, so one thing One thing that I wanted to kind of throw out there to the magical land of YouTube was um You know kind of throw out the question. How do you guys manage your Your time not so much, you know when you're gonna cook dinner or when you're going to do your laundry I mean all that stuff is important and it kind of feeds into this question But I'm more talking about discretionary time. So I mean if you can't tell you know from the videos that you may have seen of mine thus far I'm interested in a lot of things. You know, I like making these videos. I ride my bike I like to Take photographs. I'm into photography is kind of like an amateur photographer So I like to do that. There's editing involved. It's not just as simple as you know shooting a picture with your cell phone for me Nothing wrong with that. I'm just saying the time Constraints of doing you know full-on photography and editing is is a little lengthier than you know your typical Instagram shot and You know, I'm interested in skiing. I'm interested in snowboarding pretty much anything activity That is an outdoor activity. I like to hike But I would say you know in terms of my regular hobbies. I'm a musician. I play several different instruments But I focused mainly on the piano and the guitar if I just want to pick up something and doodle around with it Like I said photography whenever I have the opportunity. I enjoy going out and taking pictures whether it's you know events family Landscapes animals whatever I enjoy taking pictures Like I said, I enjoy making these videos and that's of course, you know a time constraint unto itself doing the editing and processing of your video I ride my bike which is you know something especially the end season is gotta be Maybe 15 hours a week of training for riding my bike You know skiing and snowboarding. I try to work into that 15 hours a week of training whether I use it It's a cross-training day or you know some kind of you know low-key recovery type of workout um For something like that and of course I work So in terms of my investment of work if you figure an hour of commute uh for out and back and then you know my discretionary time at work and then of course my eight hours We're talking about probably 10 hours minimum per day. It's focused on work. That's if everything goes perfectly If I go in exactly the time that I'm supposed to be there and leave at the exact time. I'm supposed to leave and Sometimes I look at the amount of things that I'm interested in doing and the things that I Did not list that I'm interested in doing. I'm interested in art Maybe not something I want to do regularly as a hobby But something I like to sit around and do reading. I really enjoy reading But it's it seems to be a passing acquaintance of mine Considering my time constraints and I wonder what those of you out there do to address You know your hobbies and you know, I've got it a lot simpler than a lot of people I don't have kids So I don't have to worry about You know giving my time to children You know, I can be selfish in a lot of ways for those of you out there who are parents Don't get to be selfish and maybe you've got to pair down on your interests or the things that you like to do But for those of you out there, what do you do to manage Your discretionary time to get in the things that you want to do to you schedule that time You know, when you have you know spouses or significant others I know that it takes a very patient significant other to allow for people who you know train to be athletes triathletes a cyclist runners who have to go out on their long rides and runs I give a lot of deference to the you know, the spouses and significant others out there who May take care of the household to take care of the family while the person is about on the bike for five hours on a Saturday or You know out for a run or what have you And I don't want to dismiss any of that But we do run busy lives, you know a lot of us work You know a lot of the 10 to 12 hour work day is pretty routine And then you got a figure and then you've got to sleep and eat and everything else in between and shower And you don't have a whole lot of time for yourself at the end of the day But we don't just live to work You know, we live to live and experience our lives What do you guys have out there in terms of how you manage your discretionary time? Do you if you have multiple hobbies? It's more specifically what I'm asking Do Partition certain days or certain times the day to do those things I'm hesitant to do something like that to say that okay, you know This is my cycling plan. I'm going to partition this amount of day at this particular time For my cycling and then I'm going to partition this amount of time to maybe play the piano and I'm going to do you know, maybe once or twice a week I'm going to partition this period of time to go out and take photographs and edit them and do what I want with those and I'm going to partition this amount of time daily to producing and making these videos Which seems all well and good in theory, but it takes the spontaneity out of your life and the ability to say oh Well, you know, just want to play it by ear today Hey, I mean, I've got friends in town or Maybe I'm just going to go see a movie today or the weather is not ideal today But you put yourself into a box for when you want to do certain things I know it's kind of an abstract question and I just I look at the amount of things that I'm interested in the Investments that I've made into whether it's equipment or even intangible investments that I've made into Certain things that I've interested in Our hobbies of mine that I've kind of let go or collect dust in the corner because I can't seem to carve out the time To do that have you guys you know just walked away from particular interest because there's interest that I've walked it away from You know, I was very into martial arts and in taekwondo and I was very good at it and I progressed Very quickly over of course of a couple of years, but the time To go to the classes and the time today that they were available It was something that just with work and life I had to walk away from but I really loved that and I think about it frequently You know How could I reintroduce that to my life? How could I do that and in every way I kind of slice it? It's just not feasible But in a general sense, dude, do you just kind of pair down? Do you just pick those few things that you really love and focus on? Know so you do try to keep all those apart of your life schedule them in somehow Just when the spirit moves you you take on those types of things and just prioritize them from top down So if I decided then you know case cycling is my first and foremost priority I discretionary time goes to that first and then after that might go to my photography and then after that might come to you know Arts or reading How do you guys manage that? Because I think it's an important thing to think about because For us to maintain our sanity and our wherewithal on a daily basis we have to have some kind of entertainment or Outlet for ourselves because if we just live to eat sleep poop and work We're not going to live very happy existence So let me know what you guys think in the in the comments below. Let me know. I'd love to hear from those of you who are You know parents and families single parents You know those you who have to work several or go a couple of jobs to make ends meet How do you guys manage or how do you guys think you could manage or if you're not managing Please leave a comment down below because this is something that you know in 2017 It's busy as we are the 24 seven society and instant gravification society that we live in right now It's made a more difficult than ever to I think Manage time In a way that we allow for some of that time for ourselves. So let me know All right, well, I'm just finishing up paying up some bills online and uh, it's gotten pretty dark I didn't have much time to get out and road anyway, so I'm just gonna do a quick little zone two ride on Zwift Today's course is Richmond not a big fan of the Richmond course, so I think I'm gonna pick a watch. It'll be a course today You All right, but I've done I actually have nothing to drink in the house So I'm gonna walk up to the store. It's cold, but I need a little fresh air So I ended up doing a Richmond course anyway because I forgot to change over my Zwift preferences to A wattopia course, but I'm really not a big fan of the courses. I mean the graphics are neat the buildings are neat But there's just not a lot of variability. I know they simulate the classics, but what do you guys think of the Richmond courses? Let me know in the comments below So of course no sooner do I start walking the store that it starts to sprinkle a little bit Oh, well, it's just water. Not gonna kill anybody Oh Well hump day is over Mark's the midpoint of a pretty boring and I guess typical week for somebody who Works a typical 50 hour work week, but Hopefully this weekend I'll come up with a little something more exciting to share with you guys because right now It's eat sleep work train repeat and all that happy horse shit But hopefully I can insight a little bit of conversation and dialogue. Let me know what you think about You know time management and what you guys do in your own lives if you're working schedules like I do and trying to balance Either training or family around you know trying to make the best year your spare time and making side time for yourself So let me know in the comments below and I will catch you guys in the next one