 Hi, Pica Celastica Acarabra Plan has a very attractive foliage that makes this plant a strong focal point. It's grown around the world as an ornamental plant. Outside and frosted climates from the tropical to the Mediterranean and inside and cold climates as a house plant. This plant requires a lot of natural light. Your plant is low to moderate growing plant. It depends on how much light it receives. It's very important to rotate your plant to make sure all sides of the plant will receive equal amount of light. The size and shape of this plant varies a lot as you can see here. The rubber plant is very sensitive to cold drafts and drastic temperature changes. It is best not to place this plant near AC or heat units. All plants go through a climatian period. The rubber plant will turn its lower leaves yellow and might drop some leaves as well. But it's best not to cut any yellow leaves and just let them drop naturally. Most of the time an issue with the rubber plant is over watering. It's not always easy to tell if the lower roots are actually ready for a good drink. So we recommend to use soil moist shimiter. It's very simple to use but very beneficial. Take the meter around the plant close to it roots as possible. As deep as you can go without hitting the bottom of the pot and water your plant when the reading is in the zone between 3 and 5. This meter can be purchased in our online shop together with the plant of your choice of separately and meter instructions are also provided. Rubber plant likes humidity. Very recommend to mist this plant with fresh water every day. It is also very important to keep the leaves of this plant clean. So all you have to do is use the moist towel and wipe the dust off the leaves at least once every 2 weeks. We provide care instructions for each plant but please keep in mind that these care instructions are just the guidelines and each plant will behave differently depending on the air flow, light, humidity and temperature in your space. When plant is not watered properly or not in the best spot it will drop a lot of leaves. But overall rubber plant is an easygoing plant once the care routine is established. Thank you for watching and have a great day.