 Welcome to another episode of Civissary. Today in the show we're going to make chicken salad. And I'm coaching my chicken. You can grill your chicken, whatever you want to do. And I've just got it in the kettle with some water. And a couple, one or two, three lemons just sliced up and put it in here with cold water to cover the chicken. And I've got five big chicken breast in here. And I'm bringing it up to a bowl. And I'm going to what it starts boiling. Turn it down to a low medium and cover it and let it slow simmer and poach for about 25 to 30 minutes. Just so your chicken is done. We'll come back when the step is done. Now you can just poach this and just just water without the lemons or vegetable stock or chicken stock if you want to give it a little bit added flavor. Well, we're back in a bowl. I have shredded my chicken up and then right here I have chopped a little bit of onion and my food processor as much as onion as you want. And then I've chopped up some of my homemade pickles in the food processor too as much as pickles you would like. And you could put celery in here if you want it, grapes, bits of pineapple. But we're just keeping it simple for today. So the shredded chicken, onion and some chopped up pickles. We're going to put a little bit of real mayo in and about a cup left in this jar and then we're going to salt and paper roll again. And I'll come back and show you what it all looks like. We've got everything mixed and if you don't want to use steel pickles you can use sweet pickles or bread and butter pickles or leave the pickles out and you still want that sweet or tart taste of the deal. You can use a little bit of the deal pickle juice or the sweet pickle juice. And then some people like there's a little bit more sweet to it so they put a little pinch of two sugar in or if you opt to do that. If you don't want to do that then some people use the sweet salad dressing like miracle whip. I prefer just no sweet taste to it. Just plain regular mayo, dip pickles, onions, salt and paper and a little bit of deal pickle juice and mayonnaise and mix all together. And for this much chicken that I used I used five big chicken breasts. It took about a cup and a half of mayo I used and I got me some of the little flat out traditional white bread and it made me a little see me. So there you have it. Chicken salad, classic chicken salad.