 Hello and welcome to In the Kitchen with Matt. I'm your host Matt Taylor. Today I have a special episode for you. I'm going to teach you how to make chocolate covered strawberry roses. Talk about awesome strawberries and chocolate. What could be better than that? Let's get started. For the ingredients, molding chocolate. Look for a link at the end of this video on how to make molding chocolate. Make chocolate melting wafers or you can use white chocolate chips. Strawberries that have been washed and dried. A package of lollipop sticks. So first we want to grab some modeling chocolate here. And again, there will be a link at the end of this video on how to make your own modeling chocolate. We're going to cut off a piece of this modeling chocolate here and we're going to roll this out. And then we're going to take some more modeling chocolate here. And we're going to roll it up in a little ball. They don't have to be all the same sizes. Okay, we'll start with five. And now what we want to do is we are going to take our paper and we're going to fold this over. And we're going to push down on these. Like so. And this is going to be the petals. And then we want to take our rolling pin and roll it up flat. And then we're going to do the same thing with the snake here. We'll fold it over. Push it down a little bit and roll it flat. Okay, we'll open it up. We've got our rose petals. Okay, I got some white chocolate here and what I did is I just melted it in the microwave. I started with the 20 seconds and then stirred and then 20 more seconds and that's all it took to do this amount. You don't want to overcook it. Okay, what I'm going to do is I'm going to take this nice strawberry here. I'm going to cut off the top. Like so. Grab a stick and then I'm going to stick this in white chocolate first and go into the bottom of the strawberry. That, okay. And then I'm going to coat the rest of this in white chocolate. Now we're going to let this set. I'm just going to put in the fridge and let it chill real fast and then we will assemble the rest of it. Okay, the strawberries have been chilled and now we're ready to go to the next step. I'm first going to take this one and I am going to roll up this part right here. This is going to be the inside of the rose to about so. Or then this pinch off this bottom part right here. And now I'm going to take my strawberry. I'm going to put it on top like this and I'm going to wrap this around. Wrap it around the strawberry like that. Okay. And now we're going to add some, add the petals. So I'm going to grab a petal and I'm going to lay it up here and wrap it around. Wrap it around. Okay. Grab another petal up here and do the same thing. Wrap it around. And this molding chocolate is very, very forgiving. You can stretch it. I want to get the bottom. See? And let's do the other petals. Like that. And then this last petal. I'm going to have on this side. And there you have it. A nice strawberry chocolate covered rose. And now you go on and make the rest of them. And you can do milk chocolate, dark chocolate, white chocolate. So I'm going to go ahead and make the rest. Okay. The chocolate covered strawberry roses are done. Now for the breakdown. Total time about 30 minutes, depending on how many roses you make. Total cost $6.60 to make these five. Now that sounds kind of expensive. $1.32 per item. However, if you go to buy something like this online, it's going to cost you $3 to $4.00 per item. So without an account, it is much cheaper to make them at home. And it's amazing. Homemade gift like this. Great for Valentine's Day. Great for someone's birthday. Or just any occasion. Chocolate covered. Strawberries. And it look like roses. Awesome. Hope you've enjoyed this episode. I'm Matt Taylor. Thanks for watching. Don't forget to subscribe.