 Hey, what's up? Welcome back to another episode of Big John's cooking today. We're doing some hot water cornbread Cooking something dinner. Let's do this All right for my hot water cornbread. I got a cup and a half of cornmeal a half a cup of self-rising flour a tablespoon of baking powder and then a teaspoon of salt I'm gonna add a stick of butter to this make sure Once I get my hot water going there and that's what you're hearing backgrounds my hot water starting to boil I'm gonna put all this together fried this up It's gonna be fantastic. I got me some cabbage going This is gonna be one epic meal All right, you know this is really how to put butter in this I mean it's recently the it just Cornmeal and hot water Mixed up and you know fried up But you know me got to add a little something to it to make it me you know So put some butter in there so it'll have a nice buttery flavor along with you know the other degrees that I have involved there so Just get the hot water in here and get this mixed up All right, so Yeah, there's a little hot water here I can smell that butter melting there smelling off of delicious here All right, we're finished getting this mixed in and I'll bring you back when I got it combined together Not so far I got about two and a half cups of hot water going here and this is coming together pretty good So I Think I still got a little dry spots there in the bottom And the butter's just about melted so I think them two cups of water be just fine. This is coming together good So let me finish this up and I'll bring you back All right, that's where I want it so Let's get out I greased together and Take this to the fire All right The oil in here just need a little bit to coat the bottom You Got this on medium low gonna crank it up Medium let's go medium high All right, see a little shimmer going on there so I know she's ready to go Make me a small little patty Sit down here Just like that When you put your hot water in there On your cornmeal It pretty much cooks cornmeal so basically you just Brown this up so it'll kind of Bind together to come up a patty I saw it the cornmeal muffin as you might say so Let's do this and we'll be right back. All right, let's give these a flip You Right now you can also use this all purple flower for these And they might even work better Oh So let me finish these up and I'll be back so that get these up What I dropped my heat back down the media We were going too fast I've been over here much and Nice and crispy on the outside Real creamy a bunch of you on the inside Hmm That's what the hmm Hot That self-rides and flower does Gives you the creamy texture on the inside it's done and it's not running just Creamy, you know not like Congrade like you you know you were baking oven so with that Let's get this done. I want to show you what I was talking about You have the texture on the outside looks this nice brown Not running it's set it's good. It's just soft and smooth on the inside Good stuff. All right, in results Looking mighty fine there my delicious Can't wait to sink my teeth into that pot roast Those cabbages whoo and that hub water cornbread It's gonna be delicious. I'm going to need a nap after this Hey, if you haven't subscribed, please do tell a friend about me and Leave me a comment and I'll see you on the next one