 Hi and welcome to one's kitchen. Today I show you how I make chicken fur or fulga in Vietnamese. Fur is a Vietnamese dish incorporating French style and Chinese flavor, and has become synonymous with Vietnamese cuisine all over the world. Making fur at home is not at heart as you may think. Just follow the steps in this video and you become forte with an incredibly fragrant and delicious bowl of fur. Let's start! I recommend using gar d'y bowl or free range chicken. Fur made with free French chicken is very flavorful and tasty. Grind one piece of ginger finely. Wash the chicken well. A free range chicken usually comes with the hair, wings and legs. I use them to make the broth. I also cut the remaining parts into small pieces like this so that they can be cooked faster and absorb the flavor better. Sprinkle a little bit of salt on all sides of the chicken pieces. Wrap the ginger on the skin. Cover and place in the fridge to let it soak for at least 30 minutes or overnight. Wings well. Here are the chicken bones I use to make the broth. About 3 pounds for less than 250. Pretty cheap. You can use a normal whole chicken instead if you cannot find these. Let's clean the bones first. Add salt to a big pot of water. Bring to a boil. Add the bones. When the boss starts to boil again, take the bones out. Wings well again to remove any residue that has stuck to the bones. Grang well. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Place the shallots, ginger slices and onion halves on top. Turn your oven's broiler on and set it to high. Broil for about 25 minutes. About halfway through, turn over so that they become brown on all sides. Clean the burnt part. Here are all the spicy for the broth. Now we need to toss the spices. Let's break the cinnamon sticks into small pieces first. Heat the frying pan on medium heat. Add the cinnamon, star anise and black cardamom. Roast for few minutes. Stir occasionally until fragrant. Then add all the remaining spice in. Roast for another 10 seconds, then transfer to a plate. We only want to make them smell good. Be careful not to over roast. When the spices are cool, put them in a tea bag. If you watch all of my soup recipes, I don't use m-egg. Or any pre-mared soup paste to add flavor to the soup. I prefer to get natural flavor from vegetables as much as I can. And Daikong is always my choice. If you don't like, feel free to skip this ingredient. Place the chicken bones in. Add the lamb leaves. Add the grilled onions, shallots and ginger. Add 1 tablespoon of salt and 1 1 1 half teaspoon of black pepper. Cover with water. Cover cook on high heat and bring to a boil. Skim off the foam. Reduce the heat to medium low and let it simmer for 2 hours. You can cover halfway like this to keep the heat. Add the prepared chicken pieces. Let it boil for 15 minutes, then turn off the heat. Cover and keep the chicken in the pot for another 30 minutes to allow it to fully cook and absorb the flavor. The meat is cooked. Take it out. Place in ice cold water. Let it cool. Then cut the meat off of the bones. Turn on the heat again to medium high. Put the bones back in the broth. Add the spice bag. If you want to add more volume to the broth, then add cold water. Add boiling water instead. Cover halfway like this and let the broth simmer for 30 minutes. Strain the broth. Hmm, it smells so good. Place the broth back on the stove. Add rock sugar. I like to add more lamb leaves at this point too. This and add more sauce if you want. Never add fish sauce directly to the broth bowl. You will ruin the test of the broth. Add later in your bowl right before serving. Cut the meat into bite-sized pieces. You can warm it up in the microwave before serving if it's not warm enough. Chop the lamb leaves thinly. Chop the white onion thinly and soak in the ice water to melt out the flavor. Grant well then mix with chopped green onion. For setting on the table, we have shiracha, hoisin sauce, bean sprouts, sweet basil, hot chili pepper, lamb and don't forget to have a fish sauce dispenser for those who want to add more to the bowl. Place the desired amount of fresh noodles into a colander and place it in boiling water for 5 seconds. Grant then transfer into a serving bowl. The wrench, the chicken, white onion and green onion mixture, tough with chopped lamb leaves, pour the hot broth on. Before eating, add shiracha sauce, hoisin sauce, fish sauce and lamb juice. Mix and serve. I'm invited for two hot begins and I watched international conversation, Y [? Gi produz↕ asked быстро for a corporate job called a prop iron dish. Trying to force yourself in onei-k not realizing what truth is from people older than me, or be comming with a surprise vault. Just get a clean plate and try it out. You wonder what the difference is for this type of serving as you think is, Good, good. Food. Good, good.keleloops baby.