 Hi, in this video, Top 10 Channel Will Guide You How to Remove Grass Stains from Shoes. For people who work in gardening or spend time in outdoor activities, grass stains is a common problem they have to deal with. As you know, grass contains chlorophyll and protein that last longer on the fabrics of your shoes. It requires you to get rid of this stains as soon as possible to keep the shoes clean appearance. Today, we would like to introduce to you how to remove grass stains from shoes by simple techniques and ingredients. How to Remove Grass Stains from Shoes. 1. Use Vinegar. The first recommendation is using Y Vinegar. Many people like using vinegar thanks to its surprising versatility and safety. It is easy for you to buy a bottle of vinegar available in many stores. In comparison with apple cider, Y Vinegar is considered more powerful in defeating stains. Vinegar is very effective in dealing with faint and small grass stains. All you need is creating a mixture of 1 third cup of vinegar and 2 thirds of warm water. Then, dip a clean cloth in this liquid and rub it on the affected areas. Repeat this step several times until you see the best result. You need rinsing the shoes thoroughly after all grass stains disappear. You can use the vinegar directly on your stained areas, however, it becomes less effective. If you do not have vinegar, use rubbing alcohol as another alternative option. 2. Apply Laundry Deturgent. Laundry detergent is a common element that works actively in getting rid of grass stains. The best type of laundry detergent should come with helpful enzymes and bleaches. The followings are our guides to help you know how to remove grass stains from shoes by using Laundry detergent. The first requirement is mixing the powder laundry and water together. Then, blot the grass stains areas with the detergent in 10 to 15 minutes. You need using a strong brush to do this task. Clean the shoes again with water. Remember to check the manual instructions before applying Laundry detergent on the stained areas. 3. Try Dishwashing Soap. Another efficient method to remove grass stains from shoes is trying Dishwashing soap. This method is suitable for canvas or nylon shoes. Add a big amount of warm water into the Dishwashing soap for making a powerful mixture. Use a bucket to hold the mixture. Next, dip your shoes in the liquid and wash-heat shoe carefully. Notice to use warm water to clean your shoes after the grass stains have completely gone. To deal with grass stains on the leather shoes, the mixture must be fewer with only a small amount of Dishwashing detergent and 2-thirds cup of warm water. Toothbrush plays an important role in removing grass stains without putting a too high impact on the leather shoes. It is soft but powerful as well. 4. Make Use of a Grass Stain Remover. Once grass stains seem not to go by these methods, you had better need the support of a grass stain remover. The big plus of this tool is its great use of use. Besides, it also comes in a variety of shapes, such as gels, sprays, and sticks. Purchase the grass stain remover from available gardening shops. Rub the stained areas directly with this remover. Use a brush to rub the stains with this mixture above. Rinse your shoes again with clean water. Remember to read the label instructions before applying any method above. This helps protect your shoes from damaging. Moreover, these cleaning methods above can be applied to clothes. Let's try and enjoy their excellent results. If you find this video helpful, please click like and subscribe our channel. Thank you very much.