 Alright guys if you previously saw my other video, it was about how to make like breakfast, egg and bacon wraps. Those turned out really good and everything. Today I don't feel like it. I don't have enough bacon because I literally like smash them. But now I'm stuck with some extra wraps. So I'm gonna show you how I make like a kind of like a salad wrap I guess. Pretty much everything that's in the salad in a wrap. So you ever go to Buffalo Wild Wings or something I think generally they have wraps along with other restaurants. There's thousands of ways to make it but you're timing mine. First you take some ranch kind of throw it on there. That was a little much. Just throw as much as you think you need and then kind of move it around into a line where you're gonna put all the lettuce. The ranch probably take up like a third of it. After that I usually throw a slice cheese on it or not slice down shredded cheese. Today I'm gonna use feta. The rig is gonna grow the ranch on first. So if you put shredded cheese or feta cheese or anything like that it'll kind of hold it all together so you don't make a mess while you're eating it. Because in reality nobody really wants to wear their food. Now I actually made a video exactly like this but I forgot to put in something really good. Some crab meat. So as I forget it I'll just make another one. I'm gonna put it on the side so then when I roll it it's all kind of in the same spot. That way it looks prettier too. You can pretty much add anything you want. Like generally I think I just eat ranch shredded cheese and lettuce. All right when you rip lettuce to put it on it's a lot easier if you kind of do strips. If you can manage to rip it like that. Because a it's broken up a little smaller and b it's not as goofy and it's still gonna be goofy and like you know kind of fluffed out but when you roll it together it'll kind of take care of it. All right be sure to go in here. See it looks like a lot but after I've rolled it you got to roll it tightly because the lettuce like poofs out. Throw that back. I'm gonna be a fat kid and add a little extra ranch for some good measure. Maybe that wasn't a good idea. Roll it tightly. Fold the bottom kind of flip and take a bite. Yeah I made a little bit of mess there. My video is not the best. There's some ranch in there. They're crab meat, the lettuce and the feta cheese is in there. It all ties together nicely. It makes a pretty good meal. If you found this video helpful or entertaining please drop a like.