 Now I'm here with lifestyle reporter Brandy Maloy who is going to make a spinach artichoke dip in less than five minutes. This is yum yum for your time. You just put everything into a bowl heat up in the microwave. It's gooey, it's delicious. Oh can't wait. Who does not like spinach artichoke dip? Okay so what do we need? Alright really simple you just need one can of artichoke hearts, a package of frozen spinach, a half a cup of mayonnaise, a half a cup of grated parmesan cheese, a half a block of green cheese, a half a cup of shredded pepper jack, a half a teaspoon of garlic powder and a quarter teaspoon of salt. Okay this may be made in under five minutes but it is not under five calories. Alright Matt so the first thing you're gonna do is to drain your artichoke hearts and chop them up really fine like this and with your frozen spinach you want to squint drain it and squeeze out all that excess water so we don't want water you dip. Okay so we just throw that in the bowl. Yeah and actually don't forget to heat up your cream cheese first in the microwave for about a minute. It's gonna make all the other cheeses kind of melt together and easier to stir. Yeah that makes it much easier. Yeah so yeah if you want to help me everything else. Okay I'll plop this in here you take care of the artichokes. Now is it okay to use fresh artichokes too and spinach? Man if you've ever gotten an artichoke heart you know that it is so tricky and just takes forever. It's kind of like a five minute dip. Yeah it's five minutes you're right and that artichokes like a puzzle. Yeah right. You've got to watch my conquer your fear of the artichoke video to see you know how to get that artichoke heart out of there. And what's great about using frozen spinach it's quick and easy so why not right? And the pepper jack like what a great touch because it gives it a little kick right? It's a little secret ingredient actually you know so many people use shredded mozzarella at that pepper jack oh so good a little bit of salt. Okay yeah stir it up nicely right there just make sure you get it all together and then literally all you do is pop it into the microwave for about 90 seconds. That's it. Yep and you're done so it's good just to have this stuff around the house so if you do have guests that stop on by you can throw in. Yeah throw this in the microwave. Done look at that here we go okay so we are going to with the magic of the entertainment we're gonna put ten that we're cooking this. And halfway through stir it just so you can get all those flavors but look this is what it turns out it's gooey it's rich it's oozy let me may I. Oh you may and I may too. Okay are you serving me. I'm gonna get you one. Okay look at that the artichoke the spinach take a bite out of that. Is that not so delicious Matt? I really got it. You don't have to go to your favorite restaurant to get spinach artichoke dip you can literally make in five minutes in the microwave. Sometimes I find the restaurant dip is not as flavorful and this is this is much more flavorful. It's that pepper jack and garlic. That's what it is. It's really really good this bread is really chewy. Could you do it with tortilla chips too? Oh yeah tortilla chips crackers whatever you have at the house the whole point is to impress your guests with in little time. Alright well thank you so much.