 Hi neighbors, me is Riftastic Maan. Today I'm going to show you how I cook my Italian mild sausages here. A neighbor here on YouTube asked me to show how I fixed them. So, I thought I'd show you. Actually all I do is put them in my spaghetti. I mean there's lots of different ways you of course you can make these and I just take them and really I always push them out to casing like that little meatballs kind of and don't put the casing in. I just make little little meatballs or little chunks. It don't matter. It's just according to how big you want them. I just push them out to casing into my pan and just let them cook up like I would my hamburger meat. Like that. You can make them meatballs. You can make them chunks. Whatever you prefer. Of course there's so different ways you can use Italian sausages. You can cook them up in them on buns or just whatever but these are this is really good in spaghetti also if you've never eaten it in spaghetti. I'm pushing all my men out of the casing. You really don't need the casing. Most people don't eat the casing. You can but okay. I started making this spaghetti years ago because a friend of mine made hers like this and it was just yummy. I mean it was wonderful and she showed me how she made it and I don't do it like this every time sometimes I just make normal spaghetti but air in there. We'll kick it up a notch with some of this Italian sausage in it. It is so good y'all. It will just kick your spaghetti up to a whole nother level. You've not ever tried it. I will definitely try. Especially if you are a meat eater. And you can put as little or as much as you want because I am going to ground up some regular ground beef in this too. I'm not going to use a whole pack. I only saw it out like I have a pack of them. Or if you do you know you could save the rest for another day and eat them with some bread or something. Every how you want to do. I just kind of let it cook it up. I saw my Italian sausage. On the other side I'm just going to go ahead and throw in my ground beef. I have pre-wrapped in a lemon for because I always buy big packs of meat and then I break them down. I'm going to break them down. There I'll be here. And just that. No reason I'm putting them like that. It's kind of slush or tear up my Italian sausage. It's cooked up a little more. I'm going to put a little salt on everything. Just salt to my taste. Then I'm going to let all this meat brown up. And then when it gets browned up I'll show you what it is like. I'm telling you guys it looks like it's all nicely done. My ground beef and my Italian sausage. Now I have to take it over and just drain the grease out of it. I'm going to be ready to put my sauce in. I don't put a lot of extra spices in it because between the sauce and the good flavor of the Italian it really don't need it. I put them all I do with it. Okay. All right. I just put on the meat. That can be my pan. It looks good. Okay. Now it's just time to put in your favorite spaghetti sauce. I like the mushroom flavor. This is one jar here. I will put more because when you have more meat like this the course you want more sauce to cover the meat. That's one jar. Then I'll put some of this one in. If you got a whole crowd of people you may want to use both jars but long times I don't put about half of that one in. Just courting how much meat I got. I'll turn this down and just let it simmer until supper time. Now make me some spaghetti noodles to go with it. That's pretty much it. That's how I use my Italian sausages. If you enjoyed seeing this video on how I use my Italian sausages then leave me a comment below. Like at the video and subscribe to me if you're not subscribed that way you can become a new neighbour of mine. I'll see you guys in my next video. Bye. You