 Hey guys, it's me, Fuzzy Pokedown. In today's video, I was going to be on how to get your hamster to chew. I noticed that most hamsters are normally not interested in the wood shoes unless they have a flavor. So here are two chews I highly recommend if you don't already have them. So as you can see, I have two chews right here and these are muffin favorite chews. She absolutely loves them. This one is the Wimsey's Alligator Chew, also known as the Paragon Alligator Chew. And then this one is a cheesy chew and I got both of these from Petco. Now hamsters absolutely love these. Most hamsters will not go wrong with these chews. So if you don't already have them, I would definitely purchase these before doing anything else with your chews. Now if you are unable to purchase those chews or your hamster will not chew on those, here's what you can do. Firstly, you can try rubbing a teeny bit of peanut butter on one of your chews. Though do be aware that it does contain sugar and you will want to be careful when giving it to diabetes, prone hamsters such as Russian Campbell's, Winter Whites and Chinese. Now most likely this will get your hamster interested. The only hamster that I actually know will absolutely not touch peanut butter is muffin. So this does work with almost all hamsters and I'm sure this will get your hamster interested. Now if your hamster just happens to not like peanut butter, you can try rubbing something else that they really like on the chews. Probably something strong like carrots or bananas. And you do want to be careful though, you don't want to put like a ton on there, but just a little bit so then they will be interested in it and they will want to chew. And the last thing you can try doing is soaking your chew and homemade fruit juice. Just be sure that you've squeezed it yourself as store bought juices and contain too many added ingredients. Always be sure that the juice you're using is not going to be too acidic, neither will it be a citrus juice as citrus fruits are bad for hamsters. So yeah guys, I hope this video is helpful and that you've enjoyed. Good luck with your hamster and thanks for watching. Bye!