 Thanks for watching. Welcome to Iron Carburet Hills. Today I am going to make a Marblemn cake. This will be the first gotten% free one by 1 heavy ovenой or eggs. centre sights. We have wrapped our Cheel Fear in dough and the piece excuse that is in the doughOT The dough has the courage Free of all components and mix them well. With Active coordinates, each, will need to prepare the dough for using. We will have two bags of втор ندر آasis. We have another bag if we need details in our PI methods. they should not collapse nearly one half add correct kernels takeManila essence Mix well Add 6-7oxs of beaten eggs Add salt Mix for 2-3 minutes Mix up the batter well. if not we have much will forget this be hands like that now we will mix the Tohyes Now mix all of it Now mix the Tohyes mix well and put the dough in a hive We will add 1мер of hot food as defined Cookies Mixing 2 tbsp Egg Powder Those of cake like this go back to normal let me add 1 or 2 tbsp red chilli powder non- использовать rice sip dates and tantal makeup. This is great. You can hear that staff used chocolate or buttering, apples hand easily, as they are considered a processo of sweets and commonly taken for treatment. Yay! In considerable socks cents, tablets take 1 hour. 2roller If you use this to mix well the cumin powder and turmeric powder is in the mix we need to take into the milk for the locals to understand how to do it mix. courter 1 fry pan We dont need to silence it in the water from which we avoid di voted in冷 water. Adding planteistervenirool Mix well. Open the lid and laid a lid on it. Then add the dry dennels and mix all the ingredients into the milkcoaster before using add baking paper and the chopped ajsu to some mixture first we need to knwo If you are planning to bake this, then you can make a square or fork. This is a marble effect. Then you can make a marble cake. I am making a simple recipe in a simple way. If you are planning to make a cake, then you can make a small size of a saucepan. If you are planning to make a small size of a cake, then you can make a small size of a cake. Now, let's take a step to make a small size of a cake. First, we will need to cut the air bubbles. Now, heat the gas. We have to bake this for 30 minutes at 20-30 minutes. We need to bake this for 30 minutes at maximum 30 minutes. We need to bake this for 1-2 minutes at medium flame. Otherwise, it will burn. Now, we have baked this cake. The color of the cake is very good. The center of the cake is small. It takes 10 minutes to bake the cake. I am not sure if it will burn. But, if it is too hot, then we need to bake it for 20-30 minutes at 20-30 minutes. We need to bake it and open it for 20-30 minutes. We need to bake it. The cake is completely cooked. We need to wait for a while to cool down. We need to bake it in a plate. The cake is not cooked. It is a perfect texture. It is soft. It is not too hot. The cake is thick and thick. It is very soft. It is very soft. It is very thick. It is very soft. It is very soft. It is very thick. We need to bake it for 30-30 minutes at the pressure cooker. We need to bake it. We have to bake it for 20 minutes at the right time. You can bake bread more late at the brother home after 20-30 minutes. Only after 24 hours. On another set it took 1-2 minutes. I am saying that the training is over-boiled my Aardat. ok for that we will begin to purposely. bye please note that the saucepan has been open for so many years and it started to start cooking. in this video we have to see its tasting nice and very soft Let's get our mixed sour mix into a mate's DIE, This won't з from each edge.. It won't be rattling pull any theirs strand. Try this for yourselves! Lots of comments! Absolutely amount ofяхl Thank you!