 There are so many things in life that I enjoy, but I gotta tell you, for me, there's nothing better than a smoking hot pot of collard greens. It's something about smoked meat cooking up into a fantastic delicious broth that takes me right back to my grandmother's kitchen. You're in luck because I have her recipe and I've simplified it so that everybody can enjoy it. Let's get started. So today, I'm actually going to be using a pressure cooker. Okay? And I'm using this because this is going to simplify the cooking process. This will cook in 20 minutes and not five hours. And you're going to be like, oh my gosh, like I'm cooking collard greens every day from that one. So for me, I love a good smoked turkey tail. Now you can use whatever you want. But for me, I love to use turkey tail. So I'm going to put a pound and a half, two pounds of turkey tails. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to do the seasoning right on top of this. So I've got some oil. So I'm going to put the oil in. Let's do a little bit of chicken bouillon. All right. And then the good stuff. I've got some garlic powder, onion powder, and the cajun seasoning. And then collard greens can be a little bitter. So we're going to add a little bit of sugar just to make sure we take the edge off of that bitterness. And then collard greens that are already triple washed and cut. All you got to do is open them up and get them right in here. Get them in there, all of them in there because they're going to wilt down. And then we'll put a lid on. Lock it in place. Put this on a stove. We'll cut the heat on. And 20 to 25 minutes, this will be ready to go. All right. So while the greens are going to work up and get all pressurized, I think we should probably work on some hot water cornmeal. So into a bowl, I've got some cornmeal. I like mine a little sweet. So I'm going to add a little bit of sugar. And then let's do a little pinch of salt to give it some flavor. I've got some butter flavored shortening, which is going to make everything taste amazing. And then they help this all come together. Obviously, I've got some hot water that's going to stove boiling. It's going to mix the hot water in here and give it a stir. So into a skillet, I've got a little bit of oil. So I'm going to put the oil down. All right. So I'm just going to use my hands and form a ball, flatten it out a little bit, you know, like a little bit of pancake. And then we will put this right into the oil to fry up. We'll let it brown. All right. I'm taking the first one out. It's nice and golden brown on both sides. And I'll do the exact same thing with the next one. All right. So as you can hear, the greens have been cooking for 20 minutes or so. And then we'll just chill out for a minute at the pressure reduce. And then we'll pop this bad boy open to see what we got. Steam has all been released. Pressure is down. So let's give this boy an open. Look at that. I want you to see how the smoked turkey now kind of like balls off the bone. Also, the hot water cornbread is ready to go. So let me just fix myself a little bowl of collard greens. Obviously, I'm going to eat this, right? But for the culture, your favorite hot sauce. Because you've got to put a little hot sauce in the collard greens. Man, that's just how you do it. You know what I'm saying? I'm going to get in here and give this a taste. Mmm. Mmm. So it's tender and juicy and a little spicy. With all the right flavor components. See that slow coming out, please. And don't forget the hot water cornbread. Mmm. Now that's good. So, what's the reason like this? You know when they get them, the website, DariusCooks.tv. Two things I want to tell you as I always do. Food is my life. Life is my food. Until next time. I got to wish you happy cooking. From my heart to yours. Bye, y'all.