 American lamb chops are elegant yet easy to prepare. There are several types of lamb chops. Rib chops come from the rack of lamb and are available in single or double chops, often French to expose the bone. Loin chops are lamb's version of a t-bone steak. Other chops called arm or blade chops are the most economical lamb chops. Marinades or spice rubs may be used to enhance the flavor of lamb chops. Marinades are seasoned liquids which add flavor and tenderized meats like American lamb chops. Most marinades include acidic ingredients such as orange and lemon juice, vinegar or wine, along with various herbs and spices, and olive oil. To marinate lamb chops, place them in a prepared marinade for at least four hours to overnight in the refrigerator. You can marinate chops in a glass container or in a plastic food storage bag. Turn chops or rotate the bag frequently to ensure the marinade coats all sides of the chops. After marinating, remove the chops and discard any remaining marinade. Similarly, you can add flavor as well as a tasty crust to lamb chops with spice rubs. Brush chops with oil. Coat the chops with a prepared spice rub such as this Moroccan-inspired rub made with coriander, garlic, cumin, cayenne, paprika, cinnamon, and salt and pepper. Roll or grill lamb chops over medium heat to desired doneness. Cooking time will vary based on the thickness of the chops. For one inch thick chops, cook for approximately four to six minutes per side. Turn the chops using tongs, not a fork, which will pierce the chops and release juices. To check for doneness, use an instant-read meat thermometer. For a medium-rare chop, the USDA recommends cooking until the internal temperature is 145 degrees Fahrenheit. You can also judge the doneness of a chop by touch. This takes some practice to learn and is how chefs do it. Basically meat becomes firmer as it cooks. Position your thumb and index finger at slightly less than a 90 degree angle so that your hand is relaxed. When you touch the skin on the edge, that is how a rare piece of meat often feels. As you move into your hand, it feels like medium and eventually well done. Let the chops rest for about five minutes and serve alongside sauteed vegetables and roasted potatoes.