 Alright guys, today I'm going to make my homemade cashew milk. Now what we're going to need is just 3 ingredients. Water, vanilla extract and cashews. Now I've been soaking these cashews overnight. I normally like to give them around 8 hours plus to soak so they can get nice and soft when we're blending them up. And again, I'm using my Ninja Auto IQ blender. I'm using the blender Kiraaf here. This one is 72 ounces. We really like this because it has so many different attachments. Any blender will really work. Vitamin mix would probably work a little bit better, but this definitely does the job. So we use these 32 ounce mason jars for pretty much everything. You can see all of our dry ingredients are in them. And I like to store my cashew milk in this as well. So what I'll do is fill this up and I will actually put half of it in the blender. Just like that. I'm going to add my half a teaspoon of vanilla extract. And then I'm going to add my 3 tablespoons of soaked almonds. And what we're going to do is we're going to blend that up for about 30 seconds. You really just want to blend that first time up to make sure it gets nice and a milky color. And then we're going to go ahead and add the rest of our water. So we've got a full 32 ounces in there. And we're going to blend that for about 30 seconds to a minute. All right, that was blending for just about a minute. We're going to open that up. Like a little. Here are 32 ounce jar. Fill that up. And there you have fresh, delicious cashew milk. We normally store this with amazing jar lid on top. And that lasts for probably about a week in the fridge. But we normally do this twice a week. We use this in our overnight oats and the nice cream and various other recipes that we use. But yeah, it turns out great. It's super, super easy, delicious. And you've got three ingredients. And you have your own plant-based milk. You don't have to go out to the store. And even if you do prefer a store bought milk, you can still have this if you have some cashews left around. But I hope you guys enjoyed the recipe. Let me know how it turns out. And if you liked this video, go ahead and hit the like button and subscribe to the page for more recipes.