 The statements in this video have not been evaluated by the US FDA. Statements and our products mentioned in our videos are not intended to treat diagnosed, prevent, or cure any disease or illness. If you rely on this information to replace the advice of healthcare professionals, you assume all risks of your conduct. We are not responsible for errors, emissions, or your actions. Be a responsible adult. Hi, and welcome to another episode of Smarter Health Minute. Today, what we are going to do because we have had many questions from people asking, how do I make liquid stevia concentrate? And since we were one of the first to sell stevia side, we started in the mid 1990s when there was basically nobody else selling it. There was two other companies. So we really know what we are talking about. We have been around. We are now at Johnny Conway. Our product, Judge Austebiuside, comes either in a half a kilo, comes in an ounce. It also comes in an eight ounce bag, and it will come in one kilo. It is pure. 100% pure. Absolutely. Nothing is added to it. It is grown under organic conditions, and it is non-GMO. So it is all tested for purity. Tested to make sure there is nothing bad and no fun of games in there. So here is what we are going to do. We are going to make this. The ingredients are extremely simple. This is three tablespoons of pure water, which I have here. So let's put the three tablespoons in. That gives you one fluid ounce. Then we add one teaspoon of stevia side, of the John John stevia side. So we will put that in. And then we can do the hooky and shake it all about. And the stevia side dissolves. And then you have one fluid ounce of stevia side. Now the balls will go down, but here is the question. Is this little bit worth $15 or $13.95 or even $8.95 that a lot of companies are charging you to mix water with stevia side? If you want to preserve the stevia side, which a lot of people have asked, what can I use as a preservative? One of the things that works very well is if you take two to three drops of vodka. Make sure it is the unflavored vodka, but pure vodka and you mix that in. That will not affect the taste and it will act as a preservative for you. Now you can put this into a Boston round bottle and you can give a little eye dropper. So you can put a couple of drops. If you don't have an eye dropper, you can always do the old straw trick where you just take, put a straw in, put your finger on top and then you be able to give a drop by drop. So you can see, so it just takes a little bit of practice. Again, the website to get the Jojo Stevie side is emperorsherbalgist.com. And that's where you can get Jojo Stevie side, the world's best tasting stevie side and it's 100% pure. See you next time. The statements in this video have not been evaluated by the US FDA. Statements and our products mentioned in our videos are not intended to treat diagnosed, prevent, or cure any disease or illness. If you rely on this information to replace the advice of healthcare professionals, you assume all risks of your conduct. We are not responsible for errors, emissions, or your actions. Be a responsible adult.