 Do you guys have a dog? Well, I've got a hack for you. [♪ OUTRO MUSIC PLAYING [♪ So I made your lovely dog treats you're going to need. Ain't bull in a mason. Whole wheat flour. Apple sauce. And egg. Measuring gobs. A sweet potato. A rolling pin and a cookie cutter. And that's it. The first thing you're going to want to do is you're going to take your lovely sweet potato. And you're just going to start stabbing it with your fork. And you're just going to microwave it for six minutes. And you're just going to spoon out the inside. Once you have that done, you're going to want to squish it with your fork. You're just going to add your half a cup of sweet potatoes into your mixing bowl. You're going to take one and one quarter cups of whole wheat flour. Next, you're going to add your egg. And you're going to add two tablespoons of apple sauce. And now you're going to mix them all together. When it starts looking crumbly like this, it's time to turn off your lovely mixer. And take the hands on a approach. You're just going to form a nice dough ball. And you're going to roll it until it's about one half an inch thick. You're just going to cut out your lovely dog bone shakes. And you're going to transfer them onto an ungreased baking sheet. Now that you have that done, you're going to take all your beautiful dog biscuits. And you're going to stick it into your oven for you to bake it at 350 for 35 minutes. So you're going to soon. Oh, look at these, you guys. You're going to let them rest for 10 minutes on your baking sheet. Then minutes lay down. And now that that's done, you're going to take your lovely dog biscuits. And you're just going to put them on your cooling rack. Look at these amazing dog treats. Thank you so much, Kitty Welpier. Amazing suggestion. I hope Omar likes them. And if you want to see your suggestion made, comment below. And if you made it this far, give it a like. See you guys next time. Like, comment, subscribe. Wow. Wow. My treat. Come check out our amazing bot channel. We also do challenges. And my husband has an amazing science channel. And just in case you missed it, here's last week's video.