 Hi guys, I was at the 99th Sense Only store yesterday and I saw the imitation crab meat they are frozen. The first thing that came to my mind was crab salad so now all of a sudden I have a craving for it. That's what I want to make today and it's going to be silver to the ones that are sold at your grocery stores, Dully. The first thing I'm going to do is defrost the crab meat and if you don't want to use imitation crab meat you can use the real thing. So while the crab meat is defrosting in the microwave I'm going to dice one stalk of celery. I don't like the celery to be too big in my salad. I just like to have like a little crunch in it so it's going to be cut into small pieces and here they are diced into small pieces like this. I also have a handful of chopped green onions. I'll place it right there. I also have one yellow onion and I'm going to cut it into quarters and the onion has been cut into quarters so I'll go ahead and use this piece here and then I'm going to dice it. So here's what we have so far. The dice celery, chopped onion and diced yellow onion. That's the only thing left that we need is the crab meat. Here it is defrosted. So let me take it out of the package and I'm going to shred it by hand. So it comes out of the package looking like this and you're just going to separate the pieces like I have here and then you're just going to tear the crab meat apart and it's going to look like this. So I've shredded all of the crab meat and it looks like this. I'm going to place it into a bowl. Alright so next I'm going to add some mayonnaise and ranch. I'm going to start out by adding probably one squeeze of the mayonnaise and then I'm going to add a little bit of the ranch dressing probably about, let's see this much here. Oops, it's like one tablespoon. Yeah I'll start with one tablespoon. For the rest of the ingredients I don't think I'm going to use all of it. I'm going to add a handful of the celery and a handful of the green onions and also a handful of the chopped yellow onions. Alright so let's go ahead and just mix everything together and you'll need to taste and adjust it. If you want to add more mayo or ranch you can do that. I'm going to see if it needs anything else. So it looks like it's nicely coated. I also need to add a lot of mayo or ranch that will taste it. To season your crab salad you can use cayenne pepper, seasoning salt, cajun seasoning or old bay if you had that which I don't. So but any of these would taste delicious on top of your crab salad. I'm going to go with cayenne today. I'm also going to add a little bit of salt and black pepper just a dash is all it needs. That's it. A little bit of black pepper. Mix it all up. Thank you Joseph. And what you want to do is put this in your refrigerator and let it sit overnight so that the flavors can get acquainted with one another. Then it'll be ready to eat. Alright so here is my crab salad and I'm just going to talk it with some cayenne pepper. Plus like that. And voila we are done. A delicious crab salad. Yum yum. You can use this as a filling for your sandwich or it can be eaten with pita chips crackers. It can also be placed on a bit of lettuce. There's so many things you that you can do with this. And all the ingredients used for this video came from the 9.9 cents only store. Please be sure to check out all my other 9.9 cents only store meal deal recipes. Find yourself a fabulous day and I'll see you later alligator. Bye.