 Hi guys, welcome back to my channel head chef mom I'm Kendall Lawrence and I'm so happy that you're here again today and today I want to share my recipe for one of my favorite side dishes. It is a creamy garlicy Parmesan orzo recipe. The name says it all right. You are going to absolutely love this recipe so come on in and let's take a look at our ingredients. So here are the ingredients for our garlic Parmesan orzo. So I have some orzo and for those of you that are not familiar with orzo orzo is a pasta, a small pasta that's shaped like rice. It looks very much like rice but it's pasta and I have some fresh parsley here. I have some grated Parmesan cheese. I have some half and half. I have some diced yellow onion. I have a few cloves of garlic that I have sliced up to taste. I have some chicken broth. I'm going to use some salt and pepper to taste and I have some butter. All of these ingredients will be included in the description box and I say let's go ahead and start putting this together. Okay so I have a couple tablespoons of olive oil heating in my pan here and I'm going to add my orzo to the pan and I'm just going to stir it around and get it coated so that it gets like a nice nutty flavor. All right now I'm going to add just about half of my liquid to it. I'm just going to let the orzo absorb that flavor for a second. Stir it around. Now and I'm using chicken broth. You can use water but chicken broth adds more flavor and now I'm going to add the rest of it and I'm going to let this go to a boil. So it has come to a boil. I am going to put a lid on it and I'm going to turn it down to simmer and I'm going to let it simmer for 10 to 15 minutes and we'll work on the next thing. I got my meatloaf over here you can see in another video you'll see me make this meatloaf. Okay so I have my butter melting in a saucepan here. I'm making my sauce and I am going to add my onion and my garlic and I'm going to season this with some salt and pepper and saute this for about two or three minutes until it softens up. All right so I have been sauteing my onions for a couple of minutes and they have softened up sufficiently. So now and I did season these to taste with salt and pepper and now I'm going to add my half and half. I'm going to add my cheese and my oh I almost had an accident and my parsley. And I'm going to give this a stir. I'm going to my phone is ringing. Sorry. I'm going to stir this up and I'm going to let it sit off the eye for a couple of minutes and when my orzo is done I'm simply going to add this to my orzo. So my orzo is done and I am now going to stir my cheese mixture in. So the orzo looks fantastic. All we have left to do now is taste. Okay guys so this is our wonderful heavenly looking plate of garlic, Parmesan orzo. It looks so creamy and so delicious. Let's see if it is. I know it is but I'm going to do this for you. I'm sacrificing for you. Whoa that is a mouthful of cheesy deliciousness. Guys this is the grain for you at dinner tonight. Make this creamy, garlicky, cheesy orzo. Comment, like, subscribe, share, please share, and go feed your family. I love you guys. Bye bye.