 Thank you. Thank you. I love Starbucks. Always at home. I have it every morning in my espresso machine. But the trick is getting the perfect cup of Starbucks at home. Andrea, that's why we're here today. Thank you. I love Starbucks too. What we're doing is showing you that Starbucks has committed to the best cup of quality coffee, whether it's at your home or at our store. So we want to show you how to do that today. What's the secret? Secret, not secret. We first need to know what you're doing. Are you doing a pour over method? Are you doing a French press? Or are you doing an auto drip? That's important. And proportion of your coffee is extremely important. There are four fundamentals, proportion. The grind of your coffee is important. You need to do that based on what kind of coffee maker you're using. The water is important. Now while we're doing this, we're going to be doing this French press or a coffee press. Which is a great way to brew coffee. It's wonderful. And what we do with this is we put, and I've already put this in here for us to tablespoon per six sounds. So we're putting in the coffee and what you're doing is you're going to slowly put it in and we're stirring it to saturate all these wonderful coffee beans. Water quality is important. Water quality is essential. Essential. You want to have filtered water and you want to make sure because you know, it's 98% water. So we want to make sure we've got good water in there too. Now while this steeps, what we've done is already made one for you. I want you to taste this. Okay. Cheers. Our house blend. It's one of our best coffees. You'll smell it. It's from Latin America. Smells divine. And it has a wonderful aroma and it's a lively taste. It's very balanced. I think you'll enjoy this coffee. What's the secret to tasting coffee? You've got to let it slurp literally in your mouth. And it's not too sweet. Okay, so I mean, and it gets all over and you get that taste all over the inside of your mouth and your tongue. Wonderful. That wonderful. And in your grocery stores, you're going to be able to go into the store and you'll find this gold thing on there. So if you're not part of Starbucks rewards yet, which you should be because you can do it in your store now and in your grocery store, go online and do that. Jan, this has been terrific. Thank you so much. Thank you. One of the best cups of coffee I've had so far. There you go. But for more information, all you need to do is head to our website.