 Hey folks, Prepper Princess. So today we are going to save some money and we are going to try to make the KFC secret leaked recipe that was given to me. This is a requested video. A lot of subscribers have been requesting more food videos. So this is how you can make your own KFC at home for 10 cents on the dollar. This entire thing I'm gonna be doing 19 drumstick cost about five dollars and 71 cents comes out to about 31 cents per drumstick. It's a pretty large process so I hope you'll stick with me till the end and we can go ahead and try it together. Okay guys first things first is you're gonna need a fryer or a pan full of oil. If you're doing it on the regular stove top what you're gonna want to do is set it on medium or level four and preheat it for about 20 minutes before you put in your drumsticks. Okay guys first things first you're gonna need three bowls. In the first bowl you've just got two cups of plain white flour. Second bowl you've got one cup of flour. Then you put in three eggs. One, two, three. Then you're gonna want to do one can of club soda or sparkling mineral mineral water just so you guys know I do have a friend that worked at KFC and he said that all they did for this step was use water so I don't know how that would turn out but you guys can try it if you want. Then you're gonna want a half tablespoon of salt and then you're gonna whisk it and set it aside for later. Okay guys and the last bowl is gonna be your seasoning flour so you're just gonna start out with three cups of plain white flour. Then you've got a half tablespoon of time, half tablespoon of dry mustard, a quarter teaspoon of basil, two tablespoons of paprika, two tablespoons of white pepper pre-measured, one tablespoon of black pepper, half tablespoon of ground ginger, one tablespoon of celery salt, one tablespoon of salt and then you're gonna whisk it and mix it in really good. You're gonna get it really really mixed in there real good. Okay guys now we're gonna take our clean and our clean drumsticks and we're gonna put them in the flour. This is our first flour. Then we're gonna dip them in the egg wash, dipping in the egg wash, then let any excess drip off, then we're gonna take it into our seasoning flour. We're just gonna cover it and pack it in. This is where you really get your hands dirty guys. Get it nice and covered. Then we're gonna let it fry. For about 10 minutes. I'm gonna poke at it and make it go in. It's just gonna take a few seconds guys. This you should be frying for 10 minutes and don't forget between batches to clean your oil. Otherwise you're gonna get burnt pieces on each of your chickens. I'm gonna poke at this but I can't I don't have a fork with me so it's just gonna be second. Okay you guys so we've got a few batches done and cooled off and the big question is is if the KFC recipe that's been leaked online tastes like KFC. I do want you guys to take a look at what the chicken looks like. It looks like KFC. Honestly it doesn't really smell like KFC but let's give it a go. I don't usually make that noise when I eat but let me first start by saying it is very good. It's delicious but it doesn't taste like KFC. For starters there's something about the oil maybe the oil that I used. I used Wesson canola oil or corn whichever Wesson is. I used the Wesson oil and it seems like there's too much basil and not enough paprika and it's very mild so I think that there might be something off with the pepper but if you guys like KFC but you think it's a little bit too strong of a flavor go with the recipe that I just showed you and again that's a recipe that I got online. It was supposedly the leaked KFC recipe but it doesn't taste like it. It's very good though it's very good. It's just very mild and something about the difference in the flavor of the oil. That makes it taste different so I guess the leaked KFC recipe online is a fail but it's still I mean hey I got two pieces right here it looks just like it. It doesn't really smell like it smells like a lot of time. There's a lot of time and basil in there and not enough paprika. I can even smell the ginger but not enough paprika but it's still very good so again if you guys like the KFC recipe but you want to try something more mild than the KFC give this recipe a go. I hope that you guys enjoyed this. Do which can with what you've got. Pepper princess out.