 Hi friends welcome to delicacies on the plate. Today I am going to show you how to set a very creamy and delicious curd at home. To start off with here I have taken around 300 ml of milk, this is full fat milk. Many people prefer boiling the milk in the morning itself and then it is used. So in this way whatever the milk is left out after using the milk at the end of the day I recommend using that leftover milk to set the curd because what happens is in the whole day process the milk is generally boiled one or two times more. So by re-boiling in the process the water content of the milk reduces. So curd made from such leftover milk becomes more creamier and tastier and people who just use the milk on the go I would suggest is if you are boiling the milk for the curd, boil it for at least 3 to 4 minutes more and then bring it to a lukewarm temperature. During summers you need not keep the milk warm just keep it mildly warm so that it helps the curd to set properly. During winters you need to keep the temperature a bit high. So now let's proceed with the process of making curd. Now in this warm milk I will add in 1 teaspoon of curd this will work as a starter. After mixing the starter into the milk I will keep this covered and I will keep it on such a place where it will not be disturbed again This is also a very crucial and important point if you want your curd to be creamy, thick and tasty. Now here you can see the curd has been set so nice and so creamier it is. The water is also not separated from the curd so I am sure this curd is going to be really very tasty and creamy. I am going to refrigerate it for 1 hour so that the curd becomes more firm. If you don't want to have curd chilled then you can just enjoy it as it is. If you want you can also make in other delicious dishes using this curd. Courred plays a vital role for making any dish when you are using curd so it is very much necessary for the curd to be nice, creamy and thick. So I have shown you all the ingredients how to make the curd creamy and thick. If you have liked this video do give a thumbs up share it with your friends and subscribe for more such videos on delicacies on the plate.