 Today I'm going to show you how to make a traditional bread sauce to serve an complement with your Christmas roast turkey. I'm going to warm up some milk and I've used whole full fat milk that you can use whichever milk you normally use. I'm taking an onion cut in half and I'm going to secure some bay leaves, three bay leaves to my onions with a cloves. So I'm going to push those cloves through. Our chefs call this an onion clouté and then pop them in the milk to infuse those flavours into the milk. I'm using white bread, I've taken the crust off it and it's a couple of days old. Now by having it slightly older the bread will be drier, it'll absorb more of the milk and it will make a much much better texture of the sauce. So don't use the freshness bread, let your bread go all by about two or three days first, take off all the crust and get a lovely white bread sauce at the end. When your milk's been infusing for about 20 minutes just below simmering point, remove your onions from the sauce, or from the milk, like so. Now we're ready to add the bread. So the bread goes in, just add a few pieces at a time and let that bread soak up the milk and break down the former sauce. So good idea is use a whisk at this point because that will help you to just break down that bread and former sauce. And you're looking for something that looks a little bit like the consistency of a good creamy porridge. Don't throw it all in at once because it will take a couple of minutes to absorb the milk and you don't end up with a stodge in the bottom of your pan. A little bit more, just let that bread break down. The dry your bread, the more milk it will absorb and the longer it will take to absorb it. To finish the bread sauce, we just need a little bit of salt. I'm using some sea salt, some pepper, freshly ground pepper, and I just have peppered up a little bit at the end, some fresh grated nutmeg. Mix those ingredients in. Your bread sauce is ready to serve. Be able to fresh bread sauce. You're going to be able to make a good bread sauce. You're going to be able to make a good bread sauce. You're going to be able to make a good bread sauce. You're going to be able to make a good bread sauce. You're going to be able to make a good bread sauce.