 Hi, welcome to Chris Cook for you too. Today I'm gonna make an all-time old school favorite and that's gonna be hot water cornbread There's only three simple ingredients to it. So let's get started. Here we have some cornmeal and this is straight cornmeal. It's not self-rising cornmeal. So I'm gonna add some of that to my bowl. To that I'm going to add one tablespoon of flour. Now the only reason why I'm adding the flour is because I don't want this hot water corn built to cornbread to be too grainy, but you don't have to add that. I'm going to add one fourth teaspoon of salt to the mixture. Now I'm gonna put just a little bit more cornmeal in here only because I want to end up with at least about six patties. Now the secret to making hot water cornbread, there's no bacon powder in it, there is no flour in it, there's nothing in it. The secret to making it is hot water. So I'm gonna go and get my hot water And as you can see the steam is still coming from this hot water. Now I can't tell you the measurements on it but I can tell you how it's supposed to look when you get through. You mix it up and you just make up as much as you want to make up and then your hot water is going to do the rest. Add a little bit more Okay, we're gonna stir this up. Now that was just re-angridious. That was cornmeal not cornmeal mix. It was flour and it was salt and That's all you need to make this. Now I need you to look at this because this is not a smooth texture. It's more of a I don't know, maybe a biscuit type consistency and this is the way it's supposed to be. Okay, let it down a little. Now we're gonna take this over to the stove and we're going to cook it up. Come on Okay Now we're at the stove and I have maybe about maybe a half a cup of Cooking oil in here. You can use cooking oil or you can use new cooking oil and We're just going to put it down. You don't have to have certain sides on this You can have You just put it down just like it is. Okay, that's a little fly away to the other side. That's okay But as you can see this is not a one-e-consistency This is kind of stiff like Okay Now we're gonna let these fry up on the turn on stove up just a little bit more and we're gonna let these fry up for maybe about Five to seven minutes until they're golden brown on this side and then I'm gonna flip it Then I'll show you how how it how it looks that's how the finished product actually looks it only takes About I don't know ten minutes all total to make hot water cornbread maybe a little bit longer But it's good and you don't need a lot of ingredients. So we're gonna see if it's time to flip this over And let's just see how it looks at this point Okay, this could be just slightly bit darker. So I'm gonna turn my stove up just a little bit more And you can always get a darker because that's just a flip back and then skill it which See how good that we came out and then I did pat it down Just a tiny bit Say you're flipping them so this time I'll let them get golden brown and I'll flip these two back and then I'll show you How it looks when it's complete Okay, I'm back and I'm doing the last bit of the hot water cornbread There's two things I want to tell you about the cornbread if you try to flip it and it resists the flip like This is moving around in the pan if it resists the flip one or two things could be happening one It could not have enough grease going around it not enough oil going around it the other one is it's not ready to flip So when it gets ready to flip see how easy it is to flip these these are ready though. So I'm gonna just take them out and put them On the plate with the others That I've made and I said I want to make six and I've ended up making six So there it is. That's an easy way to make hot water cornbread This is all we have for you today. Thank you for watching Chris cook for you too