 So, my dear, welcome back with Cookie Banana. Today, I have a lot of requests. People ask me how to do a deck. The deck I'm doing to show you is how we will do for papaya solid. So, I have this, how my mom taught me. She's been telling me how to do the padak for papaya. And I would love to thank you, my mom, and she's resting peace for all her recipe that she have left behind for me to show you guys. So, my main ingredients that I have for my padak is I use this brand of padak. We have a homemade padak already in a bucket, but instead, if you don't have the homemade padak, you can use this brand. So, three bottles of padak. I have fish sauce. The fish sauce, this one, is like the, it's the six ounce. So, kind of, you can do like two bottles of fish sauce. So, I have two of the shrimp paste. You can use any brand you like that you prefer to use, but I am using this twin chicken brand. And then, the crab paste. This is the crab paste. This one will make your sauce a little bit darker. It's the pen you want, you know, it's up to you if you want to use one or two, but I'm using two. And MSG. Like I said, I have one cup of MSG. You can use MSG as you want. If you don't want to use MSG, you don't have to use an option. And tamarind, sea-less pack. I have one pack of this. And I have this blue crab. It's frozen right here. And then, frozen olive. And now we call this makgok. You know, like, well, every time a parent's office say, you want makgok. You know, so we know that's what it means. So, this is the fresh olive, the Asian kind. So, the first thing I will do is mix my 10 re. I have to soak it in hot water. Okay. Hot water. Okay. I might use that like a cup. Until then. Mix. Break it. Because we want the juice of the tamarind. Okay. I'm just going to use the cap. The blue cap needs. See how big it is? If it's too big, you can cut it in half. Because there's no small side. So. And if you prefer to use dry shrimp with it, you can. But you don't have to, it's up to you. But I'm not going to use dry shrimp. Okay. Set this on side. And now you book off. Just rinse it in cold water. Once you rinse it in cold water, use the knife. Just cut a little bit. Just get the flavor from it. Like that. Okay. Now I'm going to mix everything. Shrimp paste. The shrimp paste. When it's fresh, they have the wax on top of it. You have to take it out. Because we don't use the wax. Okay. I'm going to mix all this in one pie first. Okay. And I'm going to use the craft paste. I'm going to mix in here. So I'm going to use MSG on top. Like I said, if you want to use MSG, you can. And then the tamarind. I'm using the whole seeds, everything in here. I'm going to mix it. I'm going to add one cup of hot water in here. Okay. And then my first sauce. So I'm going to add the snack. So this is the stuff that I mix already. The shrimp paste, the craft paste, the MSG and the fresh sauce. All in one pie right here. Okay. And then now in this pot, I'm going to add the three bottles of the padak in here. And then I'm going to add the flavor in out from it. And then I'm going to put the shake the bottles. And you see how they have like those there in the bottom of it. There's flavor in there. So we're going to add a little bit of hot water from here. Not too much. Okay. And one bottle to the next bottle. Okay. And the last one, just a little bit. So the already cooked the padak already in that bottle. So we don't have to cook too much. So I'm going to pour all this in here. Careful. You're going to be careful with your pulling down because you don't want padak to splash everywhere in your house. Okay. Then I'm going to add the new clapp in here. And the mackerel, the olive in here. Mix it. You're going to put this in the stove and boil it from two 30 minutes to an hour. But I'm going to do 30 minutes because like I said, the one in the bottle is already boiled for you already. It's already cooked and stuff. And then the one that say you have a wrong one that's in your bucket or whatever that your parents have done already, you have to boil that longer. And then I'm not adding people add a lot of water, but I'm not going to add mine. No water. I just add a little bit of that mixing to get all that flavor out from the bottles and all that stuff. And then make sure if you're going to do this inside your kitchen, you have to open all your window and all your fan or whatever because it will smell. It will kill your house. So if you could cook outside and do it, do it outside because like I warn you, it will smell but it will, it does taste good after it's done. So we're going to go ahead and show you that we how we boil this down to make the papaya sauce. I have to come to outside because if I do outside, my house will be like smell. Love of Padak. But like I said, it's better if you have stove outside, do outside. If you know, is that what you have to have with this other crap. So let it boil after it's boiled. Then you steam simmer it down and then keep stir it once in a while. You don't have to stir all the time. See how it's getting starting a little bit boiling up a little bit. And then we start stirring it. See how we boil it now? We're going to have to lower it down to low to simmer it. So I let it simmer for another 30 minutes. Stir it once when it's simmered for 30 minutes. Turn it off and let it cool. And then once it's cooled down, we're going to put it in a jar. So this is Nampadak for Tamahong. It's all mountain bapsi and this is how it's going to turn out. Once it's cooled down, you can put it in a jar to make for your papaya. And this will last you a long time. Okay, so this is what I'm going to do next. I have my clean jar. And use the crap, the olive, and put it in here first. Okay. Now I am going to add. Okay. Once you've drilled this up, seal it up, you'll tighten it and then rinse it up. Right there. This is my homemade padak for papaya salad. So once it's all mountain bapsi, and that's how it will turn out to be. You can use the papaya salad for any kind of tam that you prefer. This is the padak sauce for any tam that you want to add on. This is how I do it, and this is how my mom have given me her recipe. So she has been there to teach all her kids the things that she learns. And here I am giving you guys the new generations, the person that you know giving to you guys. The thing that I learned from my mom and bless her heart that she have teach me. So I hope you guys tried out and tell me how it is. And like I said, hope that like my book video, and thank you so much for watching my YouTube. And thank you, thank you, thank you, out of my heart. And to now, I'll do my not go on.