 Good morning guys my entire apartment smells like paint right now. It's not that they're painting inside they're painting outside I'm not quite sure where but I'm pretty sure all of this white paint is new paint There's the proof So right now I'm walking over to favor it the coffee shop that I mentioned in like two videos ago I go there all the time get work time But today I have a meeting there or someone who wants me to film a commercial for them. It's a tech startup but Basically I'm just doing a little promo video next also meeting me there because they want him to do pictures because that's his thing My things video and you guys are probably like just shut up already and get to the alcohol part. We saw the title come on Just wait it'll be here. Just stay patient. Keep watching the video. Come on. I Wish they let me record here such a nice gym But as far as it goes with any other updates I have few friends coming in this weekend and we're having a flight. We have a flight scheduled for Melaga or not Melaga Somewhere I forget So now we're at favorite I just got confirmation from Nick that our flights at actually I forgot again Palm of New York. It's like an island near Ibiza. I guess most people are familiar with Ibiza because the song But I'm about to order like a smoothie. I'll let you know what I get I have some work to do we have that meeting in a few minutes Other than that and not a busy day today, but tonight we are going out So I'm gonna explain a lot about that and go into detail about how I feel about that what my strategies are and more so So I actually just got home only to find out that Christian Guzman just uploaded the same Video that I'm making right now. I guess you can say great minds think alike But the weird part about it was that he said stuff that I was gonna say literally almost word for word So we're gonna try to do this in my own unique way as much as possible, but he said everything I was gonna say so that's just like Okay guys, so we're just gonna get right to the point alcohol and fitness my opinions look alcohol is not a good thing I'm not gonna sit here and say it's a good thing, but it's just a part of our culture Or at least my culture what I do my lifestyle I don't go out and drink a lot right now sense them in prep all right So I guess I should start this by saying if I was not in prep I'd be going out probably three nights a week maybe four Madrid is a huge Nightlife city and also like I'm traveling in my broad like this is kind of like a like a fun time to be supposed to be at least So but since I'm in prep. It's only gonna be like once or twice a week literally probably Right now at the most twice a week, but as I get further into prep it'll start going down to once a week And that'll be you know for the next two weeks and then after that zero So within a few weeks here. There's no more going out So I just got the goods aka the vodka and the zero calorie accessories, which I'll talk about in a second So I figured the best way to explain this would to be just to write it out a little bit So what we know is that we have carbs Proteins and fats those are our three main macronutrients carbs are four calories I'm doing this from weird angles from a hand or anything you crap proteins four calories and fats are nine There is a fourth macro Alcohol alcohol is seven calories now. This is per gram. So when you see one gram of carbs It's four calories one gram of proteins four calories one gram of fats nine one gram alcohol of seven A lot of people think when you look at a beer can or shot a vodka or whatever that the calories are coming from carbs It's usually not that high in carbs. It's usually just because it's alcohol Alcohol is where you're gonna get the most calories because it's so high per gram. So a little bit of an amount has a large caloric impact So my macro goal is 300 carbs 68 fat and 218 we're just gonna pretend that one 98 is 200 and I'm gonna hit my protein So I probably did you know off one or two macros. It's usually okay as long as you're within five of carbs and protein within three of fat But that means that I have 77 right? Yeah 77 grams of carbs to play with and also 25 grams of fat to play with now. I'm gonna go ahead and Basically write that out as far as how many calories that equals So I have 77 grams of carbs which equals out to 308 calories and I have 25 fat which equals out to 125 calories if we add that up I Have 533 calories that I have left over for today for drinking tonight Okay, so like I said I'm one prep now when I drink I'm not gonna drink to get so messed up that I have a crazy Hangover the next day if I was on prep if I was not on prep that would probably be a different story But the fact that on prep means that I have to watch what I'm doing because tomorrow every single day Need to be productive. I can't ruin the next day from the night before and that brings me into my next topic There are some negative side effects to drinking number one It's not good for muscle mass obviously like like alcohol is known to mess up protein synthesis Increased the length that you have domes delayed onset muscle soreness. You're not gonna feel good if you're living a fitness Lifestyle if you're drinking so much that you just get plastered like you can't have a good balance with that You have to have a balance with enough to have a good time But not enough to just get destroyed it can happen every once in a while don't come you wrong But for contest prep. I don't know if you should do that so Another thing you know Recovery is not good health. It's not good for health. Obviously it's literally poison like alcohol is actual poison And it's high in calories. So it's not good for weight either So the reason why you have to be so accurate when it comes to alcohol is because of how just Impactful such a little bit of amount can be for your calories like you can do some serious damage if you're not accurate with your alcohol So if you're prepping or you're cutting and you want to be super accurate definitely be on point with your alcohol Like you don't have to drink but if it's part of your lifestyle I wouldn't say just throw it out especially for the first few weeks of prepping you don't have to cut it out completely But be on point with it. So at the end of the day I am a wine guy. I like wine more than anything else. I really do not enjoy beer that much Mix drinks are great like all and if everything except beer I am I enjoy there's I don't enjoy beer that much I'll drink it But I don't really enjoy it and I also don't want to drink beer because it's so low in alcohol that I would need to use So many calories to get any type of feeling from it And I feel like the whole point of drinking alcohol is to get some type of feeling from it because wine is probably one of the Higher ones in calories especially because I like red wine red wines higher in calories than vodka or anything else I just get some vodka This is just some cheap really cheap bottle of vodka. This is 80 proof and Basically the key to drinking when you're dieting the key to drinking and when you're trying to practice fitness or prepping or whatever is Do not waste any calories. You're already wasting calories now call do not waste any calories on mixers on chasers Nothing like that only drink zero calories substances So my number one thing before I get into what I actually got because I don't have it yet amino acids the most amazing thing the most amazing drink you'll ever have is a white monster amino acids Particularly the ones that I am obsessed with is the ghost amino because they have up I'll tell you why in a few minutes actually but mix that together vodka white monster or Sprite They literally taste the same and Aminos the reason you use aminos is because it's flavor You'll get like a blue raspberry or that fruit punch or something else flavor and it'll help with your hangover to help with You feeling good the next day. It has a hydration complex in there. I'm talking about the ghost one at least has a hydration complex in there NBCAA is good for muscle protein synthesis and it's like you're basically Curring your hangover before you even have one if you have BCAAs with your drinks So I highly highly highly recommend picking up the ghost amino is something similar But I like to go as one is I think to taste the best and you can mix it with alcohol You can just mix it just vodka or mix it with water and mix that with vodka That's a common thing too or like I said white monster or Sprite mix all that together taste great It's zero calories besides the alcohol and you're helping your your fitness You're helping yourself the next day. You're staying extra hydrated because of that complex in there and I just recommend that so much But I'm not going to get any supplements in and until probably tomorrow or the next day I'll be getting pre workout protein aminos and all of that so for the meantime I chose a different zero calorie substance which is I got a can of zero calorie phanta orange soda mix that with some ice and some in this And also a zero calorie lemon soda. I've never seen this till I got to Spain, but it's pretty good now You can use these for two different things one you can take shots and then chasing with that or two what I'm gonna Do since we're gonna be pre gaming literally we pre game and then we go out and we don't buy anything So it's just like our whole drinking happens at the pre game so We I'm probably just it's a long it's a long duration that we pre game So I'm probably just gonna make mix drinks and just sip on them for that whole time and since I have 500 calories I'm gonna put this on the screen right here. So you can see it as I talk Since I am I have 533 calories, but I'm just gonna estimate it and call it 500 just a low-ball Myself so that I can you know basically fix anything before it happens 500 calories Every 1.5 ounce of 80 proof vodka is about equal to 97 calories or if you want to just call it a hundred calories It can so 100 calories that gives me five shots to play with so I'm literally going to put in a water bottle 7.5 ounces of this five times 1.5 7.5 7.5 ounces of this bring it to the pre game with my two cans of Zero calorie soda get a cup get some ice and Hit my macros hit my calories not damage my results at all obviously the alcohol might play a point zero zero 1% role and how I look at the end of the day weeks or now probably not honestly but I'm gonna have a good time and I'm not gonna feel bad about it. That's key guys You can't if you're you we got to find balance this whole series while I'm teaching you about fitness and How to get shredded and all these type of things and all the basics that you need to know and everything you need to know about fitness I also want to show you that it's possible to balance this lifestyle You can go out once or twice a week even on contest prep Oh much more serious than just a diet and still achieve your results still have a great time and Feel good about it a lot of people have to sacrifice that when they do something like this They throw away all that stuff and it's not about that and even if it is I don't want to live that way That's not fun for me. You know, I want to have a good time and this is how I'm doing it So we're gonna have a good time tonight We're gonna go out have pregame a little while I might have like a few little b-roll clips at the end I'm gonna throw on here if something from tonight. Maybe record my iPhone meet my camera. I'm not sure yet But I have to head to the gym now. I can't record my first actual workout video and my new gym will be in probably three to four days And I'll definitely I'm excited to start recording in the gym again because it's really annoying that I can't that's what I'm doing tonight Guys, I hope this makes sense. I don't want you guys to think that like you know out like I'm living an unhealthy lifestyle like I ate extra microbes today. I'm doing cardio tonight like I'm drinking a ton of water today There's a bunch of things I do to balance this out So it's not as dangerous or not as dangerous, but not as damaged as it would be typically so Hope this made sense. Let me know in the comments what you think and I don't recommend it But I recommend you do this way if you do plan on doing it. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video You