 Easy Connect multi-purpose no-dig landscape and paper edging can be used for a variety of applications. It's great for delineating landscape beds, making tree rings, or even holding brickpapers in place for sidewalk and patio projects. And because easy connect sections are shipped flat, there's no fighting long, difficult to handle coils that seem impossible to straighten and install. Easy Connect multi-purpose is designed to sit on the ground surface so you don't need to dig a trench. And with a wall height of 1.5 inches, it's just high enough to provide a clean, crisp barrier between your planting bed and the lawn. Remove any large rocks or excess bedding material that may decompose over time. This will allow the edging to lay flush on the ground surface and provide a better finished edge. Push the locking connector into one section of edging until the pin locks into place. Push the two edging pieces together until the second connector pin locks into place. Continue connecting all pieces. Put the connected sections in place and make sure the pieces are laying flush on the ground surface. Look for gaps between the edging and ground surface, which may indicate low spots. Remove edging and fill in any low spots. Push a spike through a pre-drilled hole in the tab on the back of the edging. It isn't necessary to spike every tab. In fact, most basic installations require only one spike every 24 to 30 inches. Certain installations with tighter curves or pavor applications may require more frequent spiking. Use a rubber mallet to pound the spiral spike into place. Aggressive pounding can result in damage to the spikes. Sometimes rocks and roots can make it difficult to fully anchor the spike. Simply remove the spike and try anchoring through the tab on either side of the problem area. Pound spikes until the nail head is flush against the anchoring tab. Once the edging strips are connected and the spikes are in place, you are ready to backfill. Pack soil over tabs and against the back of the edging until you reach the top lip. Make sure the soil is compacted well by either walking or using a hand tamper. Then finish your installation by adding mulch, stone or any other bedding material that you prefer. Congratulations! Your edging project is completed! With great flexibility and absolutely no digging required, easy connect multipurpose is truly the easiest and quickest landscape edging you'll ever install.