 Nishamadhulika.com Nishamadhulika.com Garmi ismaasam If you want to eat a cold Malayi Kulfi then what to say Malayi Kulfi Let's start 1 liter full cream 1 liter milk 2-3 milk 1 green chilli 1 cup powdered sugar 1 cup powdered sugar 8-10 cashews 4 small cardamom 10-12 pistachios 1 cup powdered sugar 1 tsp milk 1 tsp milk 1 tsp milk 1 tsp milk 1 tsp powdered sugar 1 tsp milk 1 cup powdered sugar 1 tsp milk 1 tsp milk 1 tsp milk 1 tsp milk 1 tsp milk 1 tsp milk End of the month changes Dadel明秋 21 minutes 1kg COVID delivery 1kg overthrutter Rest for 30 min Laiji, we have fried it. Now, we will take it out. Laiji's powder is ready. Now, let's add the milk. The milk is boiling. Keep the flame high. Keep the milk in the fridge for 2-3 minutes. We will take 1-3rd milk. Let's add the milk to the pan. Keep stirring it in the fridge for 20-20 minutes. The milk has boiled. We will add more milk to the pan. Add the cashews and mix. Add the Laiji's powder and mix it. Add more milk to the pan. Keep the milk in the fridge for a while. We have added the milk. The milk will get a little bit soft. The milk has boiled. You can see that it is boiling. It is boiling in the milk. The milk has boiled. The milk is still boiling. The milk is ready to be added to the pan. Let's turn off the flame and let the milk cool down. After that, we will add the milk. We have added milk to the pan. We have added milk to the pan. The milk has cooled down. Now, we will keep the milk in the fridge for a while. We will add the milk in the container. Close the container and let the milk cool down. After 6-8 hours, the milk will be ready to be cooled down. Our Kulfi is ready to be served. We will take the Kulfi out of the fridge for 10 minutes. We will cut it and serve it. Let's cut it. We have cut the Kulfi into pieces and serve it. The Kulfi is ready to be served. The Kulfi is ready to be served. It is very easy to make. So, make the Kulfi. Eat it and share your experiences with nishamadhulika.com See you again with another new recipe. And do subscribe to my channel.