 Hey guys, this is MedusaMakeh as promised. Unfortunately there is no tutorial on it. I had midterms, I had two essays, I had assignments, I had readings, I had yoga, I had swimming, I had a gym, I had a family situation, I had a friend situation, I had work issues. Unfortunately I wasn't able to keep my promise to its full extent and make a tutorial on how to do MedusaMakeh up. But I will give you a few points and tips and tricks right now. The eyes are my marijuana and green hulk video, so there is a link to that right here. The only difference is I add a yellow right on the inner corner and then for face I will show you what I used. Again it was a variation of cream makeup, so I used a white, I used a green and I used a black and I just mixed them. And then I have some loose pigments from gosh. So after I applied my black edge, I applied my black edge around my forehead and wet nigh. Then I did the green and then I just blended in a little bit of white at the edge. So we did a little bit of contouring. And on top I just mixed the dark eyeshadow on the dark makeup and it mixed the lighter green on the lighter side of makeup. So as you can see my face, it just has that kind of sculpted multi-dimensional look. If you want to do your whole face cream, you can buy all means to do so. If you just want to do the outer edge, if you want to do just your forehead, it's okay. I still need to go and get my fake snakes and my green hairsprice, so my costume still isn't totally completely finished, but for makeup it is. So yeah, anyways, I hope you guys have a great, happy and safe Halloween tomorrow. Please, if you're drinking, know your limit, nobody likes to care if someone will not be drinking, especially if they're in class because it just makes them a charter. And if you're not drinking, good for you. You can still have fun without substance use. And regardless of what you are doing, please be safe, please keep track of all your friends. You know, have a cell phone, have an emergency contact, and don't eat candy that's not open. But anyways, I will talk to you guys soon, and I hope you have a great one. Take care.