 Hi, YouTube's today we're going to talk about cleaning your little friends your little ferrets ears. Now I'm going to make a quick little drawing of what I think the inside of a ferret ear looks like from cleaning these dies ears. Now I try to do this like twice a week. I mean I try to do this. I try to do this ferret ear cleaning like every two weeks. Now you see these little guys are always like crawling under things and in the corners and the couches and chairs and along the walls and the little dusty spots of your house. So you tend to get a lot of dust in your ears which cakes with the ear wax and the ears get like full of like black brown black waxy wax like ear wax. So you've got to get it out because it's not good for them. So this is what I think the inside of a ferret ear looks like. So here's the ferret skull. So we'll put an eyeball there. That's the ferret. Well actually their eyeballs are more like it's more like one of those irises. Okay so that's the ferret head. Alright so here's the mouth. Okay ferret teeth. Now let's just say that this is the head and then they got like a little ear over here. Now let's say that this is the ear canal. So you definitely don't want to go into ear canal because there's an ear drum in here and we don't want to puncture the ear drum. But there's like a little pouch here that fills up with this stuff. So we're going to use Q-tip and we're going to come in here. We're going to clean all the stuff you could see in the outside and then we're going to try to find that little pouch without going in here canal and we're going to scoop out that little pouch. I use Q-tips either moistened with water. Okay like really wet with water and I'll do like two with the water to kind of loosen up the wax and then I'll go with like five six or seven dry ones until they're coming out pretty clean and then I'll give them a break. I'll go to the other side same thing like two wet Q-tips with warm water wet, not hot water, not cold water, warm water wet and then six seven or eight Q-tips until it comes out relatively clean. Try to keep them comforted the whole time. You'll probably have to scrub them by the neck because they really don't like stuff going in their ears. They do a lot of head shaking and they do a lot of yawning and they're going to try to get away. If you comfort them and keep them calm and talk to them and be as gentle as you can yet firm enough to get the gunk out, it won't be too horrible of an experience for them and within a minute or two they forget what you did and they're your best friends again or they're back asleep one or the other. Let's get the camera set up and actually show you a couple of fairies getting cleaned the way we do it in this household anyway. And thanks for watching as long as you're here. Let's give a thumbs up or thumbs down right now because the comments definitely helped me with this YouTube gig I got. Feel free to leave a comment in the box below because other YouTube users down the road they look at these comments and they read them and you may indeed even by asking what you think is a silly question or posting what you may think is an important comment. Indeed may help another fairie owner down the road so feel free to use the comment box and subscribe while you're here. Care for fairie channel it's all about fairie. Fairie care fairie fun fairie games so hit the sub button while you're here. Here we go we got our red we got Bella we got Rascal and we're going to give you a little demo on both of them. Now they just both got up but they're going to wake up right away when you start cleaning their ears so you don't have to worry about that. With something like if you were trimming their nails it would be better if they were sleepy because sometimes I don't even know what you're doing it but when you go sticking what Q tips in their ears they're going to wake right up. So what I like to do is I got a little cup here which is like a half an inch of water in it because you only need a couple of drops. I just want a little in here in case like I put them down for a second because they're definitely going to knock it over I just don't want a lot to clean up. Now I have like one drop of like liquid hand soap in here just one drop but you really don't need any soap. So I'm going to take one of these cotton applicators and just get it wet all right, soak and wet. Now I'm going to keep common her the whole time and I'm going to tell a good girl everything is all right. So you want it to be as pleasurable as an experience as possible although they really don't like it in your ears cleaned. And then I'm going to start just take the Q tip and in a second I'm going to have to scrub her but right for now I'm just letting her know what's going on and you see how they shake the head a lot so that's why I took my glasses off so I don't get like drops of water on it and maybe you're not going to want to wear like your best clothes when you do this and I'm actually going to take my shirt off in a second because again they shake their head a lot and it's like a teeth are going to be drops of water or ear wax that's ferret ear wax that's coming out so definitely not some good clothes and keep common them. And now at this point she's getting all squarely so I'm just going to get a good scruff on a neck here. I'm going to support her body over here and hold it close to me. Okay. And then slowly working on the outside. But I'm not going in yet. I'm just letting her know what's going on and I'm getting a little moisture in there to kind of loosen up the wax. Just as I showed you on that diagram we want to get the outside stuff but then there's those pockets. Now like I just scooped a pocket there and we'll let the auto focus catch up. Now I'm going to switch to the other end and again I'm going to get it wet on this. And we're going to get in that pocket if you could see. I'm getting in the pocket but I'm not going into ear king now and I'm kind of scooping. Now that's basically enough moisture in there so now I'm just going to go with the dry cotton cleaners and I'll try to get you the best shot I can in there. And maybe seven or eight of these and just get as much dirt as you can out. You don't want to go crazy because it's just going to get dirty again anyway. We don't want to hurt them but we definitely as long as we're doing this we definitely want to get them clean. And I have a piece of newspaper on the ground where I'm throwing these used ones because they do get pretty dirty. And don't be scared to get into that. See she just shook and I got like little fair ear wax all over me. But I mean as long as we're doing it we want to get in there and clean but we don't want to hurt them but you do want to get it clean. Here we going. And that's a good girl belly. You're a good girl. Maybe one or two more and we're almost done belly. That's how that one came out. Let's get. Now I'm trying to get in those pockets and stuff because I'm almost done with this ear and they want to make sure we get that that came out. See Belle? Look what coming out. And she definitely likes it when it ears are clean. So we're doing a good thing. Okay. Maybe that's the last one for that side. Okay Belle, let's do the other side. Now when we come back we're going to do the other side. How about we're going to do the other side. We're going to do this one. The gloves aren't for them. I just have some hand cleaner on. Hand cream on because my cuticles are a little chapped so I want it to soak in. Your gloves are nothing to do with this but definitely want to at this point, taking my shirt off because she's flipping around at ear wax. Some switching hands because I want to get in with the left hand. I'm scruffing her and again I'm supporting her. Right girl? That's a good girl. You're a good girl. And we get it wet and again we just gently go in and outside. We want to get some of that moisture in here. Start loosening up the wax. No more moisture. It's just, now in the past I've done the mineral oil on the Q-tips. The mineral oil is fine but if I'm going to do mineral oil it's going to be right before like I take a shower because they kind of like to run around the edges of the shower and get spritzed. So if I'm going to do mineral oil which leaves their fur a little oily, I'll do it when I'm ready to take a shower so that when I towel them off after the shower I get like the mineral oil off their ear area. But if I'm not doing that I'll just use regular water but either one is just fine but again you don't want any more than just whatever the Q-tip can hold. I'm going to do Q-tips worth and then 6-7 Q-tips. You just do you waxed me. 6-7 Q-tips worth of drying out and cleaning. So I'm getting all of them bumps into ear and stuff. All you don't like that huh but you're a good girl. We got a couple more to do okay Bal and then you're done. You're such a good girl. You're such a good girl. Ugh. You just do you waxed me again. Okay, couple more Bal okay. Let's just get done and I'm looking for that pocket in there. I'll show you. I'm looking for that pocket. You kind of know when you got the pocket because their back legs start twitching but again you don't want to go too deep. You just want to get that pocket. Look at that. Came out of that pocket. And these guys got done. I would say about eight or nine days ago was the last time they got every week and a half two weeks I tried to get the ears same thing with the nails. Okay, almost done, Bal. Almost done. And then you don't go too crazy but you want to get them. Okay, you're done little girl. What are you thinking about that huh? All you my best friend again. You're a good girl. You're a good girl little Bal. And here's our big boy. This is our rascal. Some of you have seen him before. He's back twice the size of Bella. He's a good boy. He's a good boy. And there he is. So you know they got these little bit of ears but they do get dirty and we got to clean them. So let's get those ferrity ears. Can you see it right there? It's a little cute little ferrity. You're a good boy. And again you want to calm them all the time. Okay, he just kind of got up from a nap so he's got the little ferret shakes. But as soon as I get that wet Q-tip in his ear all of that's going to stop and he's going to be wide awake. So here we go. And again just kind of get it. Let them know what's going on. Right Rascal? It's that time again huh? It's that time. So let's just scrub them and get them going. So again I'm going to scrub them good and I'm going to support them on the arm. We're going to get that wet Q-tip in there just to get that stuff moist and wet it off. Okay. And this is just the first one in there. Okay, then we got the second wet one. We try to get a little deeper into that ferret pocket that seems to get all the dirt in it. Okay. Now we're going to go with the dry ones. Four, five, six, seven dry ones. And like I said, as long as you're in here doing this, mind as well try to do a good job but don't puncture the little eardrums. And again if you're going to get like really too deep that was back legs, you're going to start shaking and kicking. I'm trying to get you guys a good camera shot. And what I'm doing exactly is that pocket, right? And that's where that crunchy, okay, a couple more rascal and bell is running around right by my knees here because she's done and okay, get all in there, right? Rascal, okay, that's pretty clean. So we're going to go to the other way. You're a good boy, Rascal. You're a good boy. We're going to the other side. Right, good boy, huh? One more left. Oh, he's a good boy. And this year you could see those tattoo, they give those two blue dots. One of them means that he's been, uh, castrated. And the other one means that he got his shots, right, Rascal? Look, he's just coming around to check out what's going on. And you see how smart they are? She knows exactly what's going on. She's checking his ear to make sure it's all right. Right, pal? He knows exactly these guys are very smart, they're smart and dogs and cats. I'll tell you that. All right, see she knows exactly what's going on. He's almost done, Bella. He's got one more ear when he's done, all right? Wanna just check him again? No, you know. All right, so we got to do that side. So I got this hand, I got a scruff on, I'm going to support that butt of his and again the wet ones, two wet ones, just to get everything wet and loosen up. And just kind of on the outside with the first one, it's okay, Bella. She's keeping a close eye on her friend, Rascal. These two are inseparable, they keep each other busy, they keep each other happy. When we had just Rascal, he was not a happy fella. I mean, he was happy, but you really didn't see happiness until he got his little friend. Now they keep each other busy and they're very hyper, they need stuff to do. Okay, so, look out, that's coming out. These are the dry ones now. And I'm just trying to scoop in all those little pockets and crevices and you're giving the YouTube audience a great shot, aren't you, Rascal? You let, ooh, look at that one. That good out there came out of there. See your Rascal? See what's coming out? A couple more and you're done. Look at that, I think I found a gold mine, a ferret ear wax here. Oh, that's looking pretty good. A couple more, little boy, a couple more. Oh, look, it's coming nice and clean now. One more, right Rascal? Just lightly on the outside. Try to find that little pocket and scoop in there. These are looking pretty clean now. All right, Rascal, I think you're done. All right, coming out pretty clean. And you're all done, Rascal, okay? And you see there, you're best friend right afterwards because they know they got to have it done. Now, well, they don't like having it done. As soon as it's done, they don't hold any grudges.