 Even though this is a little tiny hot tub that we put on this deck, the deck does not appear to be hooked to the house, they've just got these little hangers. So we're going to reinforce the deck by running some 4x4s across and then straight down. Okay, so we've got the reinforcement done. What we did is 4x4 this way, 4x4 this way across the joist. You see they run the other way. And then straight down directly under the tub, just 4x4s. Locked them in with the gal and I still holders and this is done there, just that quick. Okay, so reinforcing the deck is very, very simple. Basically, all you're going to do is just get you a good flat spot under it, put your pylons down. You're going to, what we do is hang the joist against the joist under it. So if the joists are going left to right, you would hang front to back like in this case. You would see the joists are going the other way, which is most time the case. We put the legs about, you put the joist about a foot in from the end of the tub and then you put the legs about a foot in from the tub going the other direction. Very, very simple process. We hang the joist first, you can see there's metal brackets that hang them up. And then once we put the legs down or put the concrete under it, we cut the legs off at the right length from the bottom of the joist to the concrete. And then we would hammer them in. We use a three to five pound hammer to just kind of hammer them in and it's going to take a little bit of effort. You got a hammer in, you want to make sure the blocks are flat. And then we screw the legs to the cross beams. And by doing that, when there's no water in the tub, theoretically the cross beams could get loose. Of course, you want to do this installation with no water in the tub and then put water in it will settle a little bit. But that's a simple way to do it. It does work. We've done many, many of them. And it's very inexpensive. You'll have $60 to $80 in these materials. Very simple process. Do it today.