 Namaste, I am Manjula. Welcome to my kitchen. Today I will be making black eye peas salad. It is very colorful and very delicious. Ginger dressing gives a very nice tangy flavor. This salad can be served as a light lunch. This recipe will serve 3 to 4. For the salad we need 115 on scam of black eye peas washed and drained. 1 medium size boiled, russet potatoes peeled and chopped. 1 fourth cup of green bell pepper chopped. 2 medium sized tomatoes chopped. 1 green chili seeded and chopped finally. About 1 teaspoon of chopped ginger. 1 tablespoon of chopped cilantro. 1 tablespoon chopped mint leaves and 1 tablespoon of oil. For dressing we need 2 tablespoons of olive oil. 1 tablespoon of lemon juice. 1 tablespoon of ginger juice. Little less than 1 teaspoon of salt or adjust to your taste. Half a teaspoon of roasted cumin seed powder. Half a teaspoon of black pepper. First I am going to stir fry the potatoes and black eye peas over medium heat. So heat is on. First I will add the oil. Peas and potatoes. Stir fry this for about 2 minutes. I stir fry the potatoes and black eye peas for about 2 minutes. And now we have to wait till this full off before we add the tomatoes and bell peppers. While black eye peas are getting cold to the room temperature we will make the dressing. So oil lemon juice ginger juice. Salt, cumin powder and black pepper. Mix it well. This dressing can be used over other salads also. Peas and potato had cooled off. So now we are going to add the other ingredients tomatoes, green bell pepper, mint, cilantro, green chili and ginger. Mix it well. This already looks very good and very tempting. As you see it's easy to prepare. Add the dressing about 10 minutes before you serve the salad. So salad looks great and you can smell the ginger juice and mint which makes it very tempting. I am going to eat it. Salad looks great and taste amazing. As you see this is a very easy recipe to make. And like I said before it makes a great light lunch or serve as a snack. I hope you will enjoy this. I will see you again with a new recipe. Thank you.