 9 Secrets Movie Theaters Are Hiding From You We all love watching movies on the big screen. However, many things in movie theaters seem quite strange. For example, the fact that popcorn can be as expensive as your ticket. So what's up with that? Right side decided to explore what movie theaters try to hide from us every single day. 9. The Workers Do Not Properly Clean The Movie Halls Have you ever noticed that movie theater floors could be sticky and quite dirty even though the workers clean the halls after every screening? Because of tight timings between the movies, all the cleaners can do in that little time is sweep the floors. Sometimes that is done quickly and carelessly. The floors are properly cleaned and mop with cleaning solution only at night. 8. It's easier for the workers to pick up trash if you place it on the seat, not under it. Of course, the best option is for you to throw it out yourself. If you decided to leave your cup or popcorn box, put it on your seat instead of throwing it on the floor. This will make it much easier for cleaners to collect the trash once the movie is over. 7. High volumes in movie theaters can be dangerous to your hearing. I'm sorry, what did you say? Despite the fact that audio system standards and volume level requirements exist, some movie theaters regulate them to suit themselves. Be aware of action movies with many bombings and battle scenes. During which the volume usually exceeds the approved level, at least for your health, do not watch too many action movies on the big screen. 6. Until 1981, seats did not have cup holders. Interestingly, cup holders were only invented in 1981, about 60 years after the first air condition movie theater opened in the US. By the way, popcorn started being associated with movie watching in the USA during World War 2, when a sugar shortage caused movie theaters to stop selling candy. 5. White does popcorn smell so good. There is a reason why we cannot resist the alluring smell of popcorn. Firstly, movie theaters have their secret recipes, which help create this incredible scent. For instance, some add a mixture of coconut and canola. Secondly, well, there's always food additives. 4. The workers kick an amorous couple out of the movie hall at least once a week. Those who like cuddling, making out, and embarrassing the viewers around them should know that most movie theaters have cameras which capture you in action. At that moment, you are detected, given a warning by a worker or kicked out altogether. The best solution is to cut it up in front of your TV at home. 3. Popcorn prices are unjustly overpriced. You think? According to several sources of data, 10.5 ounces of popcorn costs more than a good quality steak of the same weight. The prices for this beloved movie snack are so overpriced that it would be cheaper to go to a good restaurant instead. In the USA, a large popcorn bucket costs an average of $8, whereas it is supplied to the movie theater for only a buck. The same price will pay at a grocery store. 2. Combo deals will not save you money. What? Combo deals consisting of popcorn, soda, and other snacks will not save you money. If you add up the prices of all the components of the deals separately and compare with the combo price, the benefit is not all that big. It will save much more if you simply go down the size on your order. And number 1. Popcorn is not always sold fresh. Most movie theater workers admit that one of the best qualities of popcorn is that it does not go bad for days. If popcorn is not sold out at night, the workers will pack up the leftovers and store it in plastic bags, heating it up and selling it again in the morning.