 It's K-Mex, a few great systems in this scale are from ToursSolutions.co.uk In this demonstration video we take the stainless steel T-N and show you how to remove Henry Limescale deposit that has been all up inside. K-Mex is a strong concentrated three grade system in this scale for both use in the best and commercial environments. This product designed the all from Henry Limescale and Limescale from Tals, Bath Thumbs, toilets, shell walls, cattles, heat system and removing Limescale from block shell heads. The thing you got the amount of Limescale build up, scale its professional needs will be used to demonstrate the little speedy A. What can be done with your water to a solution of 100 ml scale bits, 20-part water. Scalics is safe to use on cream, stainless steel, ceramics, glazing, glass and most bathroom plastics. As you can see from the demonstration video, let's go ahead and let's work by removing the scale build up on this copper element inside the T-N. Following on from this demonstration, you can now see how we use scale bits to tackle the interior wall. With the stainless steel T-N, scale bits will literally break down Limescale deposit and compact. The top of this lid is also heavily built up Limescale. Simply apply scale bits with the trickest braille on a fine jet. Leave the product to work for a few minutes. Then we recommend with a dense sponge simply wipe the surface clean till reveal the outstanding result. As you can see from this demonstration video, the right side of the T-N lid is been treated with scale bits and leads to no Limescale to cause it. 15 minutes later and here are the results. Interestingly, the scale bits professional has completely removed all the HML scale deposit that was built up around this copper element inside the T-N. It's also been removed all Limescale from the interior walls and the base of the T-N. This product is available in 5 and 20 weeks to contain it. If you wish to place an order for this product, you can do so by ordering through our company website at www.choiceslushens.com.uk Or you can find ourselves on the O-1767-677-445.