 Hello everyone, welcome to With Heart. Today I'm joined by Brian Maxfield with Rocky Mountain Opulstery. Now we're talking about fabrics specifically how much fabric you need for what type of furniture you're going to be refinishing. So, one of the most common types of furniture that you have come in and out of here. Well, obviously you have your standard 7 foot sofa, club chair, wing chairs. Wing chairs we do a lot. A lot of headboards. Really a variety of everything. Everything you can imagine. Yeah, I mean. Nothing is worse than finding the right piece of fabric and cutting it too short. Right. Then sending it off to the rear poster. It happens all the time. And nothing there's nothing you can do, right? Right, it happens all the time. I always recommend, you know, I'll talk to my client and I'll say go find a piece you like and then let's talk about it, you know, because there's there's different fabrics out there. You know that we have to maybe cut a different way or it's got a pattern in it, you know, we want to match everything up. Right. So it's always it's always good to have that communication with with your poster to make sure that you're on the same page because if you cut it short, who knows if you're going to find the same dialogue? Very Charlie. Same color. You've got a lot. You may be out of luck. Two winged back chairs went on average. Two winged back chairs on average for a standard winged back chair. You probably 13 to 14 yards. Different types of sofas. For a seven foot sofa, just, you know, with cushions and cushion backs. Probably about 18 to 20 yards. And again, it depends on how you're cutting that fabric. If there's a pattern in it, you know, the valve that's got to be running the right way, there's lots of things to think about. If you do a tight back, if you have a tight back sofa, probably about 16 yards, you know, that's the tight back with no cushions. So it's eliminating some of that fabric. Tough team makes a difference, all right. Tough team always makes a difference. It takes a lot of fabric to fold in all those tuffs. So again, you want to make sure that you check with your poster because it's it varies by the height and the width. And so, you know, a tough did sofa, you probably want to add about four or five yards. Wow, that much. What about like an average size set? Oh, about seven, six to seven yards. And is the top team add on to that as well? Yes, yes. Always tough team. Yes. Yes. It's so pretty, but it makes the price go up, right? Right, right. It does. What about just an average chair with just a cushion and maybe like some cane on the back? Oh, probably about four yards. And then you obviously, you have like a club chair, the big roll arm chairs. They go about 10 yards. So the best thing to do then is if you find a great piece, maybe snap a picture of it. And so it's to you or your poster, just to make sure. Send it to them, make sure. Usually the company you're buying it for or from can't tell you what the pattern repeat is. And then your poster should be all figured that out. We can figure that out, you know, how much exact yards by the length of your piece, the width, the depth, you know, we can figure that out. We do it all day. So make sure you just stay in contact as you find those pieces. Well, Tim can also up the yardage, right? If your piece has a quilting, it can have to go a certain way on the fabric. Right. Yeah. So on a standard sofa, you could add probably about a yard and after two yards just in welding. So Welting's piping along the edge of your sofa. Right. Yeah. Okay. So yeah, a welting adds every little thing at skirts. If it has a skirt, that's gonna add more fabric. Okay. And any final messages for anybody heading your fabric store? Again, just find that piece you like and make sure there's enough. Make sure that you get the the color and the style that you like. But make sure you find out that there's enough before you fall in love with it and buy by an amount that's not gonna be enough. Then you'll be sad. Yeah. Don't cut it. Tell you know. Okay. Great. Thank you so much to Brian from Rocky Mountain of Pulse Tree and thanks to you for watching.