 Good morning, adventurers. Yesterday we got in kind of late here at the YHA and we stayed in this awesome yurt. We are in the lands end area of Cornwall. Which is literally the lands end. It's the like southwest end of England. And this was all really foggy this morning but it just cleared up. And we have this awesome view of the ocean down there. This beautiful flowing countryside. It's pretty sweet. It's amazing. Anyways, we wanted to give you guys a quick look inside of this little yurt that we were staying in. It's pretty meadow. Check that out. Pretty cool. It was nice last night sleeping because we had like the sound of the rain. It was all chill. It was pretty cool. Did you sleep alright? I slept great. I just landed yesterday so it was my first night here and I just passed out. Allison didn't sleep so well on the other hand. There was like some rain drop was just like pounding our tent. It stood out from all the other rain drops. Yeah, it was just like a leak and it was just in my head. That sucked. But the rain sound was very nice over in that. Alright, you guys ready to go? Yeah, let's do it. So we are going to explore a bit of Cornwall today. We are on a mission to get some proper cream tea because we did not have it properly last time when we made our British food video. They were out of a clotted cream. So we just had like typical whipped cream which isn't really the way you're supposed to do it. So we're going to check that out. But first where are we headed to? We're headed to the Monac Theater which is this amazing open air theater that was built in 1932. I believe is when the first play was done there. But it just sits on a cliff over the ocean and it looks freaking amazing. It's going to be sweet. It's going to be sweet. So we made it to the Monac Theater. As you can see, this place is pretty insane. It's built completely into this cliff side. And the story of it is that a lady named Rowena in 1932 built it with the help of her gardener. They carried all the stones down here and did it all by hand just so that they could have a cool little theater to perform. I think it was a mid-summer's night dream was the first one. And now unfortunately she passed away. She was pretty old. She was born in the 1800s. But it's still going today and still a functioning theater. And you guys, the views out here are just absolutely bananas. This is all really steep. They have all these hazard signs all over the place so people don't die. I think that these kids are either rehearsing for a play or it's some kind of an acting class. I'm not sure. It's an acting class, isn't it adorable? They're trying to be a house. They're different parts of a house, apparently. So the woman who created all this, I read that she couldn't really afford the expensive stonework. So what she would do was use concrete for this stuff. And then she would carve all this by hand. This is pretty awesome. These kids are having a blast over here. This is a really cool spot. What a cool place. It's pretty amazing. I'm sadly didn't book a show or something. Yeah, I really want to see a show here now. But at least we got to see all these little kids goofing around. It's as good as a show. I'm going to see a show. I'm going to see a show. I'm going to see a show. I'm going to see a show. I'm going to see a show. I'm going to see a show. At least we got to see all these little kids goofing around. It's as good as a show. It's kind of hard to build that one person. This was all made possible with just one person. Yeah, it's crazy. It was like her life's work. Our next stop is a place I think you guys are really going to enjoy. We have come to the port Guarra Cocafe, this lovely little tea house on the edge of Cornwall. To try some proper cream tea. I want to say a huge thank you to visit Cornwall. We are partnering with them this week to go to some of these cool places. We have a few more adventures in the week plan thanks to them. So thank you guys. Which way is the Devon Wayne? Which one is the Cornwall? Devon is cream fast. And then Jam on top. And then the Cornish ways. Jam fast and not talking cream. Okay. I'm not sure you want to do it. All right, we've got our cream tea. And so our English viewers have informed us that there's this big, huge, between Devon and Cornwall with how you, what do you put the cream first or the Jam first? I guess first I'll try the Cornwall way. I have a feeling it's not going to make much of a difference. That's really good. I've never really had clouded cream before. It's super thick and really, it's not that sweet. I thought it was going to be really sweet. Not sweet? It's more like buttery, you know? But it's nice because the Jam is pretty sweet so you mix it all together and it makes it real good. It brings out the flavor. That is just absolutely delightful. It's really light and airy and the Jam is fresh. It's still got the seeds in it. The cream on top is nice and thick. I like it. I think I kind of like it on top. I'm used to buttering my toast and then jelly. And so, or Jam. So it, for me, I would have done it the opposite way. But maybe I like it with the cream on top. When in Cornwall. Now I've got to try the Devon way, I guess. I'm not really partial to either. Figured it doesn't make that much of a difference to me. Anyway, it tastes awesome. I definitely, after trying it, I would probably put a little bit less of the cream on there because it's just super rich, isn't it? It's like eating a big mound of butter. But it's so yummy. Yeah, it is. By the way, we didn't really mention the tea, but it's really delicious. It's the perfect side for the, well, I guess it's the cream taste though. Yeah, so you gotta have it. Also, can I just say, like, check out the spot that we're in. This is awesome or what? There's a huge cliff over there that we're gonna go explore once we're done here. But this is the most amazing possible spot to have cream tea. I'm so glad we came out here. Yes. Whoa. Jeez. It's pretty cool that you can see how the rocks have just like eroded away from the cliff side there. And falling and making this, made this huge bed of rocks around it. I think we're gonna head out. I was going to fly the drone a bit, but it was kind of really misty and really windy a while back. But now we've kind of run out of time. Nikita's got a meeting and we've got to get a little bit of work done. Yeah, sorry. I gotta have a tape for my life. Yeah, but hopefully we will have some more clear days and we will get some awesome drone shots. Oh yeah, we'll be down here for a while. We'll get them for you guys. We keep getting busted on all these narrow one way roads. We keep having them back up because we keep running into people. So we have arrived at the Eden Project YHA. We just wanted to give you guys a quick look at our chipping container that we're gonna be staying in. This huge lung chipping container. It's crazy. Check it out. So we got some bunk beds there. We got our bed over here. We've got our own bathroom which is sweet. Oh, and a shower. Check it out. Yeah. And you just turned this circle. So this whole thing is just a bunch of shipping containers that are connected together and made into individual hustle rooms. Pretty neat. We're in the kitchen of the YHA. There's like 50 people in here. But we've just been out. We kind of took it over and we've been cooking. We've got some broccoli. What is that? But in that squash noodles. Yeah. And some courgettes, aka Tsukis over there. We got to shout down and some beer, of course. I've also got my computer sitting over here. I'm desperately trying to upload the vlog. It's been here for about 40 minutes and it's about 15%. So I think it's gonna get there, but it might still be a few hours. All right. We've sat down to dinner. We're gonna smash this. Get our drink on. And then I think head back to our little shipping container to watch a movie or something. It's so cozy in there. I'm just gonna go in there and chill. I have a lot later than it seems. The sun's still up. But it's like almost 9 o'clock. Yeah. We're back in our container. Our little container room. We literally were just chilling in there for hours playing games and stuff. Just killing time. Getting the vlog uploaded. Yeah, I was trying to upload the vlog and it took like three hours. It was crazy. Yeah. But we had a lot of fun. Yeah. The vlog is uploaded now. But anyways, we wanted to give a huge shout out to YHA. They have, if you guys don't already know about YHA, they have tons of hostels like this all over England. All over England and Wales. Yeah. This is one of the most unique so far. But they're all very different. Usually they're in like these old buildings in the middle of nowhere, but this one's in like a shipping container. Tomorrow we're gonna explore. So this is the Eden Project YJ. We're gonna explore Eden Project. Yeah. It's like a system of vions. Yeah. It's these huge domes. We shouldn't see when we drove in, but we'll see them tomorrow. We'll make sure to link below to the places we have stayed and the places we have visited today, as well as later in this week. So make sure to check it out if you want to come and recreate the stay for yourself. And with that, we'll leave here. Can I end up in choice? We'll see you on the road.