 Hello to all my friends out there so I want to make some dry rub chicken But I want to make like hot wing dry rub chicken. So what I did Let's see if I can get in here. I melted a little margarine because I don't want to just rub the taste of my dry rub And then I want to put some instead of you know, this is not my first rodeo on Barbecue chicken or this would be really good on a barbecue however Okay, but what I want to do is I want to add my Tabasco to my Quite a bit, you know, I want to flavor my oil. I want to mix my I want quite a bit. I want to be able to taste my Okay, this is gonna be good Not too much but you know enough All right, I'm gonna move this because I don't want it burning. I Don't think it would but I don't want to take any chances. Okay, I made this before but I want to alter the recipe a bit This is a half-batch three tablespoons white sugar two tablespoons smoked paprika One tablespoon kosher salt. Okay, what I did is I substituted Salt for garlic salt, you know, you don't need to much salt. Okay, well two tablespoons brown sugar or one tablespoon Cumin. Okay, here's where I decide to switch it up one tablespoon Worcestershire sauce. Okay, it's not dry when you add the Worcestershire sauce So I I substituted one tablespoon flour Because I make really good big chicken and it's basically flour salt and pepper and I usually use margarine But this time I decided to use shortening Okay, one tablespoon onion powder One tablespoon garlic powder two teaspoon chili powder and then I put the Tabasco sauce in the oil So here's my spices, so I want to put them in here This is really good dry rub I already made this once the only thing I didn't like was I mean I wouldn't say I didn't like it But that's not what I want to do. I want dry dry rub Okay, and so I buy chicken all the time this this week chicken is really really cheap But I don't need any chicken. Okay, so what I want to do is I want to I Want to coat my chicken with the dry rub best I can I Want to get as much as I can on there I don't want any leftover. I'm just gonna use what I have you know get it on the chicken as best I can It's gonna be good anyway if you get a good recipe You know then you know when you find a good recipe you can switch it up a little to Make you know make it your own way and Then the other thing I want to do is I want to put the black pepper directly on the chicken because I Don't see how you can have you know if you're a dry rub chicken is not Peppery black peppery I Always say I could win a chili contest or you know one these dry rub contests especially if I stalled somebody else's dry rub recipe, right? Nothing worse than a know it all stealing someone else's recipe and saying they could win a contest That's really funny. Well, you know what I mean, you know, it's got to be chickeny you got it's got to be peppery Okay, so I have my chicken it takes a couple and get more chickens or dry rub stuck on myself Than the chicken, but oh I must go crazy This is a worse tripod I hate it something's got to be done here Okay Okay, so now I just want to put my chicken This may not be the highest quality video, but this is gonna be some good chicken. Okay, so now Now what I want to do is I'm gonna put a little black pepper on my chicken and okay, so what I'm gonna do Is bake this at 350 and turn halfway then I'm going to make myself a little salad and I'm not having bread So I'll have to have a few croutons on my salad. Let me give you another shot and I will I will put the Recipe on the contents God bless you all