 So we've all been spending a little more time outside. Time to pretty up our yards. Joining me now is blogger Michelle Gutschick. So we're making something kind of fun. Yeah. You know, we're having stones. We're stepping stones. They're concrete. So yes, they're heavy. And you probably don't want to drop it on your side. But they're super easy to make. They're fun to involve the kids in. It's a good project for that. Or just making some bright colorful things until the flowers come in. Yeah. Yeah. Let's do it. All we're going to use is some quick set concrete. So you can pick this up at Hobby Lobby, not Hobby Lobby at Home Depot or Lowe's, 50-pound bag, five bucks. So pretty cheap. And it does set quickly. So you don't want to work with a whole ton at a time. You're just going to add a little bit of water to the concrete and mix it in. And that's really the hardest part is just getting the water. And you can put some kind of fun things in there. You want to decorate it. So you can do lots of different things. You can pick up like mosaic tiles at the craft store. Or these are from the dollar store. These little glass bead things. You can use all sorts of things. So once you get your concrete mixed up well, you're just going to, these are trays that flower pots sit on top of the drain. So I picked these up also at the dollar store. You get like four in a pack for a dollar. All right. So super cheap. They're totally reusable for this too. I think that'll help a ton. So then we're going to just pour the concrete right into it. This is like a hard horse craft. This is like the messy kind. Exactly. Yeah, the kids love it. They like to do the hand prints. Which is how solid doesn't need to be. You kind of want it about an oatmeal, maltomeal kind of cereal mixture. How technical is that? How technical is that? So from there, we can just go ahead and we can add all of these pretty little things. You have to drop them in. You want to wiggle them in just enough so that way they don't end up falling out after a dry. You said you also have a quote or something in here, right? You could. You could take, once it firms up a little bit, you can ride in it or use a stamp and you could stamp into it to get a bunch of different things. So after they're all in, you're just going to let it dry. It's going to be dry enough to take out of the container. And then about an hour to two. And then after about a day, it's totally ready to go. And so it'll be done. And then just wipe it down, get a bunch of wine. Very fun. And that's it. And they'll last a long time. So here's the hands and hands. Very quick. Very quick. Alright. Thank you so much for being here.