 Welcome to Smoothies Intermediate. Now if you haven't watched my video on Smoothies for Beginners you might want to watch that first because I go through some things a little more detail. And this smoothie we're going to put a little more nutrition into it in the form of greens. We're still going to start with flaccid. Although this time my blender is wet and if you put flaccid into a wet blender it's going to blend and the flaccid sticks to the side and it doesn't blend right and it's kind of chewy and nobody wants a chewy flaccid. So I use a coffee bean grinder for this. If you're going to get a coffee bean grinder don't spend a lot of money on these. You can get these at a big back store or at a hardware store that's where I got mine. They should only be around $15, $20 if they're on sale. So I'm going to put a tablespoon of flaccid into my coffee bean grinder. Put the lid on. Get it going. And now I have ground up flaccid that I can put straight into the blender. Get the coffee bean grinder aside. Then I start with a banana just like in the beginner. But this time I'm going to put in some greens and I'm going to spit it. Just a big leaf, spit it. Just a handful. If you have a regular blender, not a super duper blender like I have been a regular blender, spinach works great or some other soft green like Swiss chard. Or I've also used dandelion greens that I've gotten from Whole Foods. Dandelion greens are very nutritious. They are kind of bitter so you want to make sure that you're putting sweet fruit into the blender. If you have a super duper blender like I have, I have a Vitamix. You can use tougher greens like kale. It's very nutritious. K-A-L-E is what I'm saying. So once you put that in, I do some fruit. I do some water. Here I have 8 ounces of water. And the other nutritious thing I'm going to put in is a green powder. Now I'm using Garden of Life brand. This is the perfect food original. If you go to Whole Foods or a vitamin type store, they'll have a section where they have things like this, green powders. And I don't put in a lot. It comes with a scoop, but I'll put in maybe half a scoop. I can taste this. And I don't really like the taste, but if I cover it up with a lot of good fruit, I'm good to go. Now this time, I'm going to use frozen fruit. Excuse me. Flaxy. I'm going to put in some frozen strawberries. Now you'll see. And we mix, oops, we mix red fruit with green. The color is very pretty. So if you want a pretty smoothie with your, when you're putting greens in here, spinach and that, you'll want to use lighter color fruits like juice and pears. But not the red. Red and green are pretty at Christmas, but they don't mix all together. I'm also going to put in some frozen blueberries and like with the beginner recipe, I froze these after I bought them at the farmers market, so I have to rinse them off. Because I don't rinse them before I freeze them. Okay. You're not going to do them all. So I put everything in. I'm ready to go. Now if you use a more bitter green, some additional things you can put in here to sweeten up, you can put in dates. I buy dates in these containers, the medial dates, because they're sweet and are chewy. Or you could put in some honey or some agave nectar to sweeten it up if your green is a little on the bitter side. Now because I put frozen fruit in here, I didn't put it in the icing. I might have wondered what is this. While with these superblenders like a Vitamix, it comes with a pusher. And it helps to push things down. I like the pusher. Now just like in the beginner, if you taste your smoothie and it's too warm, put it back in the blender and put in some ice. If you taste it, it's too cold. It's going to give you that freezer headache thing. I hate that. Put it back in the blender and blend it for another 30 seconds or a minute to warm it up. And just like before in the beginner smoothie, you can put it into this Tupperware cup. And you can take it with you or if you're making your smoothie the next before and you want to drink it the next morning, this is a great cup too because it steals out all the air. It's got a little place to put a straw. It's not a hole. It's actually rubber and it's cut. So check with Tupperware to buy a set of this, come in the set of four. So that's a very nutritious smoothie. Make sure you watch my video and smooth the advance because it's even more nutritious. I throw even more things into it because I want you to have a great start to your day.