 Good morning everyone! It's bright and early and I'm getting ready to make this easy and delicious breakfast. Amish-style baked oatmeal with apple, raisins and almonds. I'm Tess and welcome to my kitchen. These are the ingredients I'm using in the baked oatmeal. You can find the list and recipe in the description box below. I'm preheating my oven to 350 degrees and I've liberally buttered a casserole dish for baking. So let's get started! In a bowl I'm adding 3 cups of old-fashioned oats, 1 cup of sugar, 2 teaspoons of baking powder, 1 healthy teaspoon of cinnamon and I'm using a good sagan cinnamon, 1 teaspoon of salt and a half a cup of raisins, giving that a good stir making sure everything is well mixed. If you like this recipe and video, remember to like, subscribe, share and comment below. You never know what I might be cooking in my kitchen and I always love to hear from my viewers. Next I'm mixing my wet ingredients. I have 2 beaten eggs and I'm adding 1 cup of milk, giving that a good whisk and then adding 2-3 cups of oil and I'm using coconut oil. Giving it a final whisk then adding the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients. At this time I'm going to add my chopped apples and I'm using granny Smith apples, but you can use whatever apples you have on hand. You can use red or golden delicious, cortling, crispin, wine sap or even honey crisp apples are really good. Giving everything a good mix and putting in my buttered casserole dish and leveling out the top. The almonds I'm placing on the top, the original recipe calls for crushed walnuts baked inside the oatmeal, but I prefer almonds and I like them whole giving it a nice bite. Baked oatmeal is a traditional and comforting, omesh breakfast casserole. This recipe can be easily adapted with whatever fruits and nuts you have on hand, but this version filled with the tart apples and plump raisins with a crunchy almond topping is my favorite. Bake for about 35-40 minutes or until the oats are set and the top is golden brown. And this is the baked oatmeal right out of the oven. My kitchen smells wonderful. Going to let it cool for about 10 minutes and then I'm ready to eat and get this day started. This apple and raisin baked oatmeal is easy, healthy and delicious. The best part is it can be made ahead of time and reheated. It is yummy hot or cold and it is great as a dessert or snack. Serving this morning with a little milk, once you start eating you can't stop. It is that good. I hope you give this recipe a try and enjoy. Thanks for joining me here at Test Cooks for You. Please remember to like, share and subscribe for future recipes and videos. I appreciate all my viewers and until next time, much love.