 Hey guys welcome back to my channel. Back again, back and back, make back, back the end. Hold on, let's shake it back the end. Once we go back you'll be back again. So I'm set at cross time at the minute. If I cut my Chanel and imagine then. She did the gym imagine then. But the maybe boom, mad again. Uh oh, back to them. I leave the pack for my back to them. You have to prove back what happened then. When you're on, I'm making a wrap again. I'm gonna shave them and end down. Then I'm gonna cut like a shite out. I'm gonna tell you what the day's gonna be for. So I'm gonna tell you what the day's for. Okay y'all, so today I'm just gonna be straight to the point. I'm gonna be dying attempting to dye her hair. With this wet and wild, uh, it slides me a little bit to wet and wild the key palette. And I did, like when I did some feet in braids on her, I just took them out before this video. Yeah, but when I did some feet in braids on her, I used some of this in her hair. When I think the feet in braids down, it was still in. But it was easily washed out easily. So we're gonna try to dye some of her hair today. And yeah, I have no life. So this is what this is happening. So let's begin. And if I could just think he'd open. And I don't know where my little brush is. I don't know that little perm brush, the soft point. Yeah, that's all I know that is. So we're gonna to work without it. But I don't know, we're just gonna try. I'm gonna, this is now how I did the coloring with her braids or feet in braids. Because I'm gonna, this time around, I'm gonna try to put foil on it to see if it will come out better. I don't know. We're really trying things here. So I'm just gonna do this section here with a little bit of color. Yeah, I'm gonna do it with the blue. So I'm gonna get my comb and put it all in here. And her hair is damp because we had to wash out the stuff. But you know what? Screw up. My hands are gonna get dirty. Period. So yeah, we're just gonna get my hands dirty because I don't carry all. Create soap, water, all that good stuff. I can't always do it in smaller sections. I just have a life and I choose to do it in these sections. So yeah, we're just gonna do this. You know, I'm gonna speed through it like power of editing. I'm just gonna speed through until like I'm done working it into this section. We have it as worked in. These are gonna get produced section. And all this gonna be made because all we're gonna do is run this project and run my hands to get the residue off life. But then many don't need to go in here. I'll see her face is all nicely colored too. So yeah, now we're gonna pick a different color to do all the noise section. You know, we're kinda just getting rid of the night now. So yeah. Well, this is an interesting color. We used to tell each other everything. I even went in about a diamond ring. But she didn't ring, everything was so cool. Maybe they'd be better than I could so. I don't know what somebody's up to. But I got diamonds to hold you. Keep up being a star citizen and then they don't know you. I know I should've known you. But everything I do for those and those don't speak in my mind. Thank you, my dear, she's happy. I had a new lucky life in my silver ball. Be a spulche. Every single game I do make you my fiance. Say I'm a boss bitch. She'll like me, I'll say for them what I'm a boss. I don't know how to fight her. And she'll be anywhere I want to fight her. And if we never speak in, I mean. When I did this on her, there'd be four. She had her own dress. So I don't know what necessarily how it's going to be. I couldn't go in. Because when I did, put this stuff in her head before. It was a draw. So, where am I going to get to the knitting guru of all this color? I just wasted this palette, oh my gosh. This is such a nice, battered text. Oh, you like nice colors? This is what's left of my palette. So yeah, now we're just going to put the foil in her hair. Hey, hey, it's a foil. I don't know how I like people in this long do this. Right, so they just like, plumble the hair into the foil. That's going to work. So I just have to foil it out of like a dessert to get more foil. So this is how hard you're looking guys like, oh, she's stylish. I get the colors. It looks so cool. So like, I'm going to come back later. Or am I just blow dry? I think we're going to blow dry. And see what we can do. I'm going to dip your these foil inside. Because, you know, I'm not but foil, it's foil for guys. So take this foil out of her hair. Wow, did that foil out? It's warm. But yeah, I'm just going to blow dry this stuff. Get it all dry. And her hair is going to look cute, period. I got pale on my face y'all. But y'all see my hair like, I got pale on my head. It's got to be, oh my gosh, this pants are real. While it's crusty and dusty now, this paint everywhere. It's okay because I'm still going to go get a blow dry hair period. I need to stop talking about it. I'm going to just go and up sink. So yeah, I'm going to go get a blow dry hair. Her hair is so wet dry like, I mean, it's a bit of a bit to get better. Yeah, it's so wet dry, it's not completely dry, but y'all. Just like, help with the part. She looked like, what's the problem? She looked like that one. I'm going to put a picture of maybe like that. I don't know if I'm not. Yeah, wait, I think I'm going rainbow dash. Yeah, we don't know who rainbow dash is. Look at that. Okay, y'all, look at that pony doughnut. I think it's so funny. I think it looks pretty cool. I mean, you don't have to do it to your doll like some of y'all going to be like, no. But I think it looks cool overall. And her ends that are green, those look really cool to me. But we're just going to comb through her hair. Don't see signs of dry. So we're going to nourish it in a little bit. We're going to take in the coolness of her hair y'all. Y'all don't know. And after this video, y'all might get a box of our tutorial. And her hair is still going to be this color. And I won't get it because she's my doll. And I want her hair to be this color. And there we go. Here we go. So y'all, I'm going to put the link to... Yes, here she lost. Period. I'm going to put the link to this stuff. So just in case y'all try to put the link to this stuff wet and wild. I mean, it'll get them business. Maybe not. But they're trying to use it for the first time. Okay, let's start. Okay, y'all. So this is finished product. It's not still not all the way dry. But no, it's going to be anything to do. So yeah, we got this colorful leave out. Then to this ponytail. I really like how this center hair came out. Like with the green on the end. And here it looks really, really nice to me. Then with this side, you know, we got some more colors gone, gone. Not as nice as the other side, but you know, it's going to do. So yeah, hope you guys enjoyed this video. Don't forget to like, comment, and subscribe.