 Hi guys, welcome back to my channel. This is Aeroseli. Today we are going to be doing a recipe on enchiladas. I know, so a lot of people think of enchiladas as these baked, drenched in enchiladas sauce from a can type of recipe, but the recipe that I'm doing is it's pretty simple, it's kind of messy and it's normally how we do it at our house, how my mom does it, how my sisters do it, so it's going to be like a real Mexican not the restaurant type enchilada. So stay doing it. Alright guys, here we go. This is what I need or what you'll need for your enchilada recipe. You're going to want to get Mexican cheese, which is Guesofresco. You can find it in the same section where you find any of the other cheese. Sour cream, we're going to have chile, bojillo, I will show how to spell it on there so you guys know what to look for. I got my chicken, chicken flavored bouillon cubes, tortillas, iceberg lettuce, salt, two can tomatoes, onion, Mexican oregano, and garlic. I'm using two chicken breasts, half an onion, and two bouillon cubes, and I'm going to show that with water. Just put it covered and then I will go ahead and put it on medium to high heat to let it boil. Chicken on the chicken. See, has that nice brothy color in there. I'm checking on my chicken again, and it looks like it's not frozen anymore. If you're going to do this for dinner, you might want to get chicken that's not frozen, that's way it's a lot quicker. Alright, so the chicken is ready. Sorry if my lens gets a little fogged up here with the steam. So I'm just going to take it out and pieces probably and just transfer it over to my little tepperware. Alright, so after you let the chicken cool down a little bit, you can start shredding it. I'm going to dice my onion for my chicken mix. Okay guys, so for my enchilada sauce what I do is I just put, I don't know, about 10 of these guagillo chiles in a pot and then put water in there. Just enough to cover it on and boil them. So what I do is I actually rinse them off a little bit. So any dirt or anything that's on them will come off. Okay, other people may do it differently, but I just, I like to put a little bit of salt in there. Alright, we're going to check on our chiles here. You can feel if they're soft to the touch or still kind of hard from them being dried. I'm going to leave them in there a little bit longer to cook more. And I think they're pretty much ready to go. Okay guys, so we're going to go ahead and get started on the enchilada sauce. I went ahead and put some of that broth from the chicken that I was cooking into my blender. Just so it'll give it a little bit more flavor. Just out of the way real quick. Be careful because they're really hot. So what I'm going to do, I'm going to take the stems out of the chiles and the vein should come out with it with all the seeds. So I'm just going to start putting these in there. I'm going to add a half a tablespoon of the minced garlic. And I'm also going to put more of that broth that the chiles were boiling in. When you blend anything that has a hot liquid, just make sure that you cover the top and the lid because sometimes it'll create some type of like force or pressure and it'll explode. So really be careful. All right, there we go. And just so you can see, you definitely don't want to have that come out on you, especially when it's so hot. You're going to want to transfer your enchilada sauce into a pot or a deep pan. While I wait for the oil to warm up, I'm going to take that half an onion that I slice and pour it into the chicken. So I kind of changed my mind on how I want to do this. There's two different ways. One is really messy and one is just easier. The messy part is you dip your tortilla into the sauce and then you deep fry it, which you already know if you put any kind of liquid into oil, it's going to spray and it's just going to go all over the place. So I'm going to skip that part and I'm going to do the easy way. How many do you want? Hmm? I mean they're just regular tortillas. Okay, hang on. Once you get that out, you're going to be chicken. It's really hot and you just hold them. You see how myself, I'm going to make a few at a time before I start rolling them. All right, so for my tomato sauce, we actually put this on top of the enchiladas. We just take the can, the canned tomatoes. I do a little bit of salt to taste however you like it is fine and a pinch of the Mexican oregano and I put that into my little mini blender. Oregano is really potent so don't overdo it. Now start to roll it like a pudding. Are you recording? Yeah. Oh. Alright guys, I hope you enjoyed my enchilada recipe. Let me know what you think and if you try it, don't forget to like and subscribe.