 Hi, welcome to Show Me The Kari.com, I'm Anujja. And I'm Hito and today we're making black-eyed peas. Not to be confused with the musical group. We're going to be eating these. Yes, also known as Lobya in Hindi. And it's a very simple recipe. It's going to be in the crock part. So it's literally throw, throw, throw, throw. Turn it on, walk off, come back. That's about it. That the crock part, do the work for you. Actually, slow cooker do the work for you. So we took one cup of black-eyed peas and we soaked them overnight. We washed and soaked them. And they've puffed up nicely and we've drained them now. So this is what they look like. It's kind of nice to do the soaking beforehand. That way it speeds up the cooking process. And you kind of get rid of all the gassy water. And some people don't like the flavor of that water. So that can go away. And so these are ready to go. So if you have a blender over here, you're going to start putting in the masala stove. This is half a medium onion. The other half we've used for something else. But this is exactly the half. So I'm just going to cut it into big chunks. Dump it in. And tomatoes, two Roma tomatoes. Green chili to taste. Two garlic pods. Same amount of ginger. So... And we're going to take one tablespoon of oil. And put that in there. Cover this. And we're going to grind this into a smooth paste. Now like we said, it's a very easy recipe. This is a five-quart slow cooker that we are using. And we're going to put again the rest of the things in here. The black eyed peas. Now sometimes, you know, blenders don't grind very well. So if you need to use water to grind it, it's okay. You can just use the two cups of water that you are going to be adding in here. You can just use it to help you grind that tomatoes and onions. But ours did not need it. So we'll add that in. And again, this is the two cups of water. I'm just going to use this to clean this out. Two cups of water. And we're going to put spices now. I'm going to put salt to taste. Be a little conservative on the salt right now because we'll tell you a little later. I'm going to put red chilli powder to taste. Corridor teaspoon turmeric powder. Half teaspoon chaat masala. Half teaspoon cumin powder. One teaspoon garam masala. And one teaspoon of freshly ground coriander powder. And we'll mix the salt up. So all the spices get coated. And we'll cover this up and put it in a crop pot. Now this is going to take total of six hours of cooking time on high. And the first five hours is going to be covered and cooking. And the last one hour we're going to uncover it and let it go. But total six hours and it should be done. Now there's a reason why we uncover and cook it. Now we notice that if you do not uncover and cook it with onions and the tomatoes don't show. We still have a little raw flavor to it. Because originally we were supposed to make the panjani masala on the stove and we were supposed to cook and cook and cook and cook. And we say until the oil separates. Yes. Which basically all the moisture goes away and then the onions actually have time to cook in the oil. So the same thing here. Once it cooks and cooks and cooks it's still going to have a stewie flavor. But when you uncover it and let it go the flavor changes dramatically. Absolutely. And it's still a lot easier to do it on the stove top. So honestly let the crock pot or the slow cooker do the work for you. So five hours on high covered one hour open cover on high itself. So it evaporates a little bit. You get that nice masala flavor and it'll be right on. But how easy is that? We're going to put it away and we're going to forget about it. That's how easy it is. Tada. Yes. Let's have a look. Oh yummy. You guys just look so good. So look at that. A lot of the water is evaporated and it's actually cooked down and it's nice and thick. And it's good enough to eat either with chapati or with rice. Either way, I mean it's a perfect texture. And it smells so delicious. That slow cooked flavor is just amazing on here. Right. Now that's the reason why we said big, big. Because the water is going to reduce. So you know you get all this salt is such an easy fix. You can obviously put it later on. So just you know that's a word of caution and a word of advice from two cooks who have learned the highway. You've experimented about this for you. So make it easier for you. But this is ready. It's the only thing now we're going to do is we're going to pour some lime or lemon juice and we're good to go. And of course signature Indian garnish. So lunch, right? Up a day. Then yeah. Yes. And that's the time we're serving. It's all done. We're ready for dinner already. Yeah. So now for all the folks out there who do not have slow cookers or who are going to bake this in a slow cooker. It's very easy to do it on the stove. On the stove top. You can just pressure cook your lobeer or your black eye. With some water. Again, you can use the same amount. Pressure cook it. And it will be, it will take a little longer than you're just one whistle. Probably like three whistles. And you can open it up and make some masala on the side. So make your onions. Again, use the same amount of onions tomatoes. And all your masala's boulevard or cook it. So little oil separates. Add it to the black eye. And then you can open it up. So little oil separates. Add it to the black eye piece. And let it boil together. It's really simple. It's really easy. Yes. Enjoy it. Enjoy this again on another episode of Show Me The Curry.com. Adding a pinch of spice to your life. And then you can add a pinch of spice to your life. And then you can add a pinch of spice to your life. And then you can add a pinch of spice to your life. And then you can add a pinch of spice to your life.