 Hi guys, welcome back to my channel. I hope that you're enjoying your December holiday. Today's DIY is going to be really simple and super easy and fun to make. These customizable wine charms are going to be super adorable with your perfect table setting that you are going to have when you host some friends or family over during the holiday. You can use them as gift favors when you have a holiday gathering. This DIY is super personalized and it's an awesome thing to have since everybody's going to be drinking wine this holiday season so that they'll know which cup is going to be theirs. So let's get going to this tutorial. I have been using this 3D fabric paint for the longest time for a ton of crafts that I do and it's just great. It works on practically any service that you can do and we're just working with these ornaments that I got from the dollar store and they came in a pack of about six for a dollar 25. So anyways this 3D fabric paint I really thumbs up the idea of using it. If you guys are not comfortable with using this as far as you know writing something really small then you can just use a Sharpie which also works great but it's not going to be 3D just like this one. So I'm doing the names on both sides. Be careful they are both wet and I'm just sticking it on this barbeque stick and I'm waiting for it to dry for about two hours. And these hoop earrings I got from my goals. I got them for very cheap using my 50% off coupon that I love to use and when the names are dried on the ornaments you can basically stick that on to the hook of these earring hoops which is so easy and you can stick them on to the stem part of your wine glass. Got these beautiful little gift bags that fit this little ornament perfectly. It has this ribbon that you can just pull and it just looks so fabulous especially when you put it on somebody's plate setting on a dinner table. And that is really it super useful and super creative little gift favors for this holiday season. Give this video a thumbs up if you liked it and I'll see you in the next one. Bye!