 The windy season is upon us and it's the perfect time to make some good music. In today's project we're going to be making wooden chimes. To do that we're using a jigsaw to cut out the wood and to cut the copper pipe for us. Then we're also going to use a sanded to give that nice soft finish on the wood. To drill our holes we're using a wood drill bit into the wood and then our copper drill bit for the copper. Now to make the holes in our shells we're going to use a Dremel Multitool with a diamond bit. And on today's materials we're going to be using wood. This will be used to hang the chimes from, a washer and then some string to attach the chimes on. Then for a little decoration and more noise we'll use shells. And don't forget our copper pipe. To start things off we're going to drill some holes into our shells. When you drill the hole into the shell it can start spinning. So hold it tight and if you feel your fingers aren't going to be strong enough draw the clamp each shell down before you start rolling. Oh that's nice. We've got four chimes coming down on this string and we've got 16 shells. I think that should be perfect we've got enough rigging. Let's measure out our copper pipe for the chimes. We're going to make them different links because the longer the piece of pipe the lower the note. The shorter the piece of pipe the higher the note. So the first one we're going to make 20. The second one 17. The other two we will measure 13 and 17 centimeters. That's the sound we want to. Now we're going to smooth the edges. Regan while I drill the holes you can clean the pipes with a sanding sponge again. Now to drill the holes I'm using a copper drill bit and it's a 4mm. We don't want to be the hole. Look at the difference between a clean and dirty pipe. It's amazing what a low sanding can do. I'm going to mark the circle for the base. I'm then going to cut it with a jigsaw. I think that is a parents job. Oh here's our circle. We're now going to drill four holes into a 4 hour string to run through. Just try and keep the same distance from your edge. I can now you can drill the holes for us. There we are. We've got a 4 holes. Because our wind chime is hanging outside we need to protect the wood. And for that we're using a clear coat of awning. As soon as it's dry and that will be rather fast. You can turn it around and do the other side and the edges. Now we're going to start threading. We're going to need four pieces of string like this. Not too thick otherwise you will have a bit of a difficult time. And we start with the metal pipe, with your copper pipe. And we put the string through here. You make a knot and then you take about a hand in between and you put your first shell, then the second shell and your third shell and your fourth shell. So we have four shells on each chime. But once you've learned in ATZR1 is to take masking tape, tear it off and put it around your string. Now you fit too. Man I'm having finger trouble here. So how are you doing with the shell see? It's a bit tricky but I'm doing it. Remember four fingers in the three if so. So let's stop stringing. There you go, you keep it up like that and then you take it from this side. We do now that one day because we want to go from short to long. So now we can hold it. So I think a good idea here is to tack it here on top. What do you say? I think and then we can work on the race to hang it from the top. There you go, even now we can go and hang it in the wind. YY captain