 Hi it's Joellean from Yummy Inspirations and today I'm going to show you how to make chocolate cashew milk. To make the chocolate cashew milk get yourself a get yourself a cup of cashews pop them into a bowl and then cover them up with water. I have covered my cashews with water and now they are going into the fridge to soak for at least four hours up to overnight. I like to make my cashew milk with soaked cashews because it just gives such a creamy texture then if you just use hard cashews straight from the bag so that's what I do. It's going to go in the fridge and I will show you what it looks like in a few hours time. The cashews has been in the fridge for four or six hours and now I am going to drain it and pop it into my blender. Okay so my cashews have been drained and rinsed and I've popped them into my blender over there and I'll just talk you through the rest of the ingredients. We have four cups or a liter of water, we've got maple syrup and we've got organic cocoa powder. So two my cashews I am now going to add two tablespoons of cocoa powder, one and a two and two tablespoons of maple syrup. You could use honey or any other sweeten of choice but I just love my maple syrup. Two nicely table spoons. Taste it once it's done and you can see whether you want to add any additional sweetness and then what we'll do is we will pour about half of this water so about two cups of water will pour into our blender without making too much remiss as I have done and then we are going to give that a nice blend. I blended it till it was smooth and frothy and now we will add the rest of the water in and then just continue to blend it until it's completely smooth and there's no little bits of cashew left. Okay check that out it's all nice and frothy. Here we go it's pour a nice big oh yeah look at that beautiful big glass full of chocolate cashew milk. See it's frothy and chocolatey let's have a little taste of it. Mmm so good it's chocolate it's quite dark so if you prefer a little bit sweeter add a bit more maple syrup. I've also made this before we have added a whole frozen banana so it makes it extra sweet next to creamy that's another option you could also add dates to it if some people do. I don't think this needs to be drained it's up to you if you want completely smooth but I really don't feel any little bits of cashew it feels really smooth get a nice close up of that frothiness oh it's so good. If you like to pop it into the fridge to store and get it nice and cool that's a really good idea it'll last a couple of days in the fridge but around my family it lasts a day or two. They boys just go through it whenever I make it. So there you go that is how you make my chocolate cashew milk. Thanks so much for watching if you liked the video give us a thumbs up and subscribe because there's lots more yummy treats to come. Thanks bye!