 Hello photographers today. I'm going to show you how to make a light box like this for under $10. So to make this light box, you're going to need five pieces of 20 inch by 30 inch foam board from your local dollar store. One of their rectangular party tablecloths. Two paint sticks and then for tools you'll need a marker, a scissors, a cutting tool. I'm using an exacto, a ruler tape measure and a straight edge. So the first thing you're going to do is set aside three of the foam board pieces and then you're going to take two of the pieces and cut them. So we need to cut each of these 20 inches long. Now we have our side pieces, but we're not done with these yet because with your light tent, you need to be able to shine light in there to photograph the things you want to photograph. We need to cut openings in these side pieces in order to allow light to pass into our light tent. So in order to do that, you're going to take these pieces and you're going to use your ruler or tape measure and measure in two inches from every corner. When you're done, both should have markings that look like this and what you're going to do next is cut all of this center piece out. Careful when you take this out, you don't want to bend this. You want to maintain the integrity of this as much as possible. So now we have our two side panels here, but we need to put our diffusion material over them. That's what this tablecloth is for. So what you're going to do is one at a time cut out a piece of this tablecloth to cover up this hole. Once you have it cut out, duct tape it on. If you have any overlap, just fold the tape up and press it down. It's not a big deal. Now these paint sticks are to help give the side pieces structural integrity. So what you want to do is take your paint stick and just tape it right to this edge here to give this edge some extra integrity. Now we assemble. Assembling it is probably the trickiest part. The first thing you want to do is grab those pieces of foam core that you set aside and find the best surfaces for your bottom and your back. And what I need to do is tape them together here to make a joint. So what I like to do is take one of these edges and put tape across it so that it is ready for me to join the two together. And I'm going to overlap onto the table some like that. So now I have this flap of tape here. And what I can do is set this other piece up against there and then tape it up like this. The next thing we're going to do is put in one of the side pieces. So grab one of your side pieces. Make sure your paint stick is towards the front. And what you're going to do is tape along both of these joints here. Now we need to put the top on. To want to share a little upgrade that you can do in order to change the backdrop on the interior because right now we're fixed with white. But if you want to be able to switch it around, you can pretty easily. So let me show you what I'm talking about. At your local dollar store, you can buy white and black poster board. And if you don't have them, you can buy binder clips. And the idea here is to take the interior of the box and make a spot where we can clip a piece of this poster board in there to create a different colored background for the subject you're about to photograph. So what you want to do to achieve that is come along here to your backside and just take your piece of poster board and lay it across the top. And using your marker or just your knife, mark two spots where you want to cut an opening for your binder clip in order to be able to clip onto your poster board to create your background. Now I'm going to grab my binder clip and just cut a little opening that is wider than my binder clips. So my binder clip will fit in there pretty easily. And this is just to allow me to clip it in. So I have this little opening right here now and I have my binder clip and I can just clip it like that. So I'll cut my other one out over here. And now I can put my piece of poster board in here or tip it on its back like this because then the paper just falls inside into place and you can clip it pretty easily using a clip here like so. And then on the interior, now you've got a different colored background. So that's how you make a DIY light box or product photography. Super cheap and super easy. And in my next video, which will be linked here as soon as it's ready, I'm going to show you how to take amazing product photos like this right here, how to get that beautiful clean white background. If you want to make sure you see that video, subscribe to my channel and hit that bell icon. And then get out there and take some damn photos.