 Hello everybody welcome to my channel in this video. I'm going to be showing you how to make my all-time favorite red which is Focaccia red. Let's get started. Okay, so simply for the ingredients you're going to need flour which is actually in my mixer bowl right now We've got some olive oil, some sugar, active dry yeast, some salt and warm water. The recipe is going to be in the description box as you can see it's very easy. Let's get started. Okay, the first step I'm going to do is just add to my flour the salt. And let it mix on my mixer. You can make all this dough by hand but I'm going to use my mixer and do it by hand so it happens half. And I'm going to mix it till it's like all-time-to-operated about one minute. Okay, now after mixing the salt with the all-purpose flour, we're just going to add in the yeast and the sugar. Okay, after mixing the salt, the all-purpose flour, the sugar and the active dry yeast, we want to add in our mixer bowl to all the oil. All of it warm and mix that. Okay guys, now all there's left to do is just adding the warm water. Now I'm going to add it by using the lowest speed on my mixer and add it gradually. Don't let it dump it all at once because we want to know how much we're going to use. We may use all this amount, we may use less than all of the amount we may use more. So we'll see how much the flour absorbs of this water and we're going to start by adding the water. So gradually add it. Okay guys, so I used it up by using the entire amount of water. Now we want to knead this dough on the mixer for about, on low speed for about seven minutes. If you want to do it by hand, it's 10 to 15 minutes. Now on low speed and let it start for seven minutes. Okay guys, so I mixed my dough on the mixer for about six minutes now and it's very tacky and sticky. So I'm just going to take it out of my mixer and heat it on my van here that has been floured well. So I'm going to take it out of the mixer. Okay guys, so after taking it from the mixer, I have it here on my bench and we want to heat it on our floured surface. Now as you can see this dough is very smooth and very elastic and so soft and incredibly soft. Okay guys, we have our bowl of dough here and we have this bowl here which we're going to let the dough cool thing and I have some olive oil inside it. I'm just going to grease the sides so that the dough doesn't stick. Now I'm just going to cover my bowl with some plastic wrap. And the other direction. And I'm just going to use a kitchen towel to cover this and make it warm and it will rise for about one hour to get almost double-dum-sides. Perfect. Just take super fluffy. Super super fluffy. I love this dough. And now we're going to cut it into sections. We're going to cut it into four. Okay guys, now that we have formed our rounds of dough, we're going to cut it into sections. Okay guys, now that we have formed our rounds of dough, we're going to cut it into sections. Okay guys, now that we have formed our rounds of dough with a fkach red, we're just going to add in the toppings. Now the toppings, people use different ones. I usually use the classic basacons which are really coarse salt. You can use kosher like regular salt but I highly recommend this because it gives this nice crunch. Here this is super optional but these are chili flakes. Garlic which is chopped finely. Some olive oil. And the rosemary is going to go at last so I'm just going to add in all of these and the end I'm just going to add in the rosemary. You know, these are on top and then we're going to make them. So I'm just going to start by using some olive oil on top of each one. You don't want to go crazy with the olive oil. Just general couple of drops here and there. Just like this. And you also want to put in the... Here we've got the garlic. Just do not toss it around. Okay, I'm going to add in the coarse salt. Not too much because this is super salty. Okay now I said I'm just going to add in the chili flakes. This is optional. I'm gonna add in the coarse salt not too much because this is super salty Okay now I said I'm just gonna add in the chili flakes. This is optional Don't use too much because this is very hot And I also better clean my hands after this because this gets into my eyes. I'm gonna go crazy Okay, and I'm gonna add in the rosemary. I said before it goes into the oven Now this is actually proofing for the next time it's gonna take about 20 minutes It's gonna double in size then we're gonna bake it. It's gonna be absolutely delicious Okay, so the last step is that there was my on top Just like this now this has been proofing for about 20 minutes now We're gonna make it an art 400 per heated degree oven So it comes golden brown You