 Hey guys, so um, I hope the lighting is okay. It looks pretty good on my phone. I know no, I'm not good with cameras. That's one thing that bothers me about YouTube is like a little successful people have good cameras. And know how to do lighting and ring lights and soft boxes, no, I'm not good at that. I'm also really bad at photography. Anyway, anyway, I'm an actual topic for this video and you can tell by the potato title, BIT by the title, obviously. I've talked before about DIY, I do silk screening. I don't do it as much as I used to, but I have all my silk screen supplies over there. And I used to make shirts. I made shirts that say moist on them. You're probably thinking that's really creepy, but hold on, I'll show you how uncreepy it. Okay, it's still kind of creepy. I made them because you can't get in trouble for wearing shirts as moist if it makes someone feel uncomfortable, but it still makes someone feel uncomfortable and it's all areas. So yeah, I don't know if it's focusing on it, but there's also glow in the dark crystals on the sides. Also, the shirt is really wrinkled. So get over it. Anyway, I can, and sometimes I do make a lot of my own patches. I have a lot of patches that I've made in a pile over the giant box and back patches and all of that. So obviously this is for the people who like DIY. If you don't get out of here, scurry on out, go to hot topic and grab a 21 or something like that. I don't know. Anyway, I may have shown these off in other videos, previous videos, but this is what my cross-punk pants look like right now. When I got these, these were size one. They don't fit me anymore because I made them too tight with patches. So keep that in mind if you're making pants. Keep it in mind. Also, I don't have a butt so they like sag on the butt but then like the other rest of the pants are too tight. Also, you can tell there's too many patches on the butt because they started ripping a lot and I just wanted to save them. They're like children that died. And you just keep the corpses slugger out into room. Okay, I'm getting really off topic. Okay, so I'm gonna be informing you on some of the best ways that I've learned to make sure your patches don't fray. I know that's a problem with some people. And some people don't care, which really pisses the shit out of me. Okay, it's someone's artwork that's on their patch. So take care of it because I invest in people's art. It makes me feel good because I know that if I sold art, I would want people to do that but I don't like selling art. I just give it away because who's gonna buy my art? Have a few patches. If you guys want, I'll comment that you guys want comment below asking where I got some of these patches because some of them I did get off companies on Etsy and I do have a few of my favorite ones. Maybe I'll go around and get them but right now that's not the point. The best way to prevent fraying I have learned is at first what I used to do is put model plain glow that gloss dope stuff. That's what it's called. I know it's not a drug but you could probably get high off fumes. I don't know. It's really toxic but it was used to seal model planes and stuff and it worked really well and that's what I used that I didn't fray on the edges and I just sewed them on but after a period of time that stuff wears off and it just kind of starts fraying anyway. So the best way to prevent fraying is hem it. I have a Sailor Moon patch here. This patch. I didn't make that one. I made the Sailor Moon one. I have a John need the Homicide Olmaniac patch. The best way to prevent them from fraying is to hem them. I use black string because it goes with all of my patches. That's just me. I like black and white patches. I preferably don't like color patches. That's just me. Also most people sell black and white patches. So it is. And after you hem them, you're gonna want to get some. It's not just hemming because obviously they can still fray underneath. So you're gonna need to get some stuff to prevent that. I use these too. Instead of what I used to use because that stuff's actually really toxic and kind of annoying to get. I had to special order it and it doesn't last that long because it's from model planes. This is both by E600 and E6000. My bad. Is it E6000? Yeah, E6000. Okay. This one is the extreme stretch fabric fuse and the fray lock. And this one's the fray lock. You can get them at Michaels or wherever you want to get them, wherever it's close to you. Hold on. Hold on. Okay. There's a reason I have two of them and one of them is because I don't know if you can see. I don't know if my camera is good enough for the focus. But if you can see there is a clear line. And this clear line is the fray lock. So what I do first is I take a paint brush and I paint pretty a lot liberally. I think that's the word. There's a word that I don't remember. I'm trying to remember it's not working. I'll take up maybe I'll think of it later. But um use the fabric fuse to paint because it says it gives extreme stretch and stuff like that. So what it does is just seals everything. But as far as like sealing the actual frayed ends, I find that the fray lock works a lot better. So yeah. And I'm sure people who do DIY already know how to sew your patches on. You do it with floss. Damn it. Do it with floss. No, I'm kidding. You don't have to do it with floss. It's just stronger. There's a reason people do it with floss. It makes it pretty damn strong. I use dental floss. The kind from Safeway because it's really cheap. And I don't care about your designer brand floss from Crest or just Crest even make floss. I don't know. You can get them in twins. I don't know what that does. It's green. I don't know if that'll wash off or if you want to lick your pants later. Maybe you do. I don't think that would last after a while. It might make your pants sticky. I'm not going to tell you what to do. I'm also not going to tell you the effects because I don't know what the effects are. I just I'm assuming the color would wear off and it wouldn't stay green. I don't know. Don't come to me and say, Jay hasn't been my pants are all sticky now because I'm worn to. The best way to keep them together is when you tie it with your needle after you tie it. I usually end up tying it in five different knots but leave probably about an inch extra of string coming off the end of your knot and then take a lighter and just light it a teeny bit. Don't let it go past the knot but it'll make the strings stick together because it'll melt because all of the wax on it so that helps a lot. I'm saying for a little preference wise this is my tiny takeout hello kitty box that you step candy and it don't judge me. These are the missing my favorite ones that's sad. These are little pins that I have. I know they're really cool. I know. Be jealous. But anyway they for me they're I don't like when they have little dots on the ends they just don't hold as well. These are kind of sturdy I guess in that sense and for me they help they help my purpose and they they could help your purpose. I don't know where to get them my step-dad bought them for me but maybe when you're pin shopping you can find those. Hey I don't know I don't know your life. You could live in the middle of Ohio and have a tiny hobby store. Go to that. Go to that. Any case I hope I helped you guys. I've had friends asking me about like how I seal my patches and all my friends know that I'm kind of like a fanatic about making things last when I do DIY because I don't like my art or anyone else's art being destroyed in the process because I don't know how to properly take care of it. So yeah that's just me. You can do what you want giving advice. It could be horrible for you. You could set it on fire. I don't know. Good luck.