 So far, official! YouTube Facebook, Twitter, and Shameleon, and James Ross back again with another So far, official! For the video, I said, Connecticut wasn't getting it popping when it came to Monterello sticks and then everybody hit me up from Connecticut from my old hood. Apparently in my old stopping grounds, I'll hear in Straford, Connecticut, they get it popping. Apparently in my area, they don't get it popping. But in Straford, Connecticut, they get it popping. So we about to bust open these Monterello sticks. Yeah, why are they so tiny, B? Well, these Monterello nibbles, you don't call these sticks. Now here's the deal for a dollar. You can get three Monterello sticks. Give me a second. I have to look at them little sideways. I can't even open it up with my hand. My hand take up the whole box. I better just open it up with my pinky. I need a magnifying glasses. It takes a small money. I'm gonna have you take a look at them. Alright? Yeah. And I'm not gonna stun because they say the best of things come in small packages. And that's what they say. You know, and it's true. You know, I'm married to a very tiny woman and she's the best of things. So I guess there's a point there. Yeah. My lips are bigger than this Monterello stick. Alright, this marinara sauce. Hold up. Hold up, buddy. This marinara sauce doesn't look like a regular. This looks like some, you know what? We want to step further because we want to all type of flavors and just a scent. Woo. Woo. Let's go. Let's go. Y'all know what we're checking for, right? I need to see if it has that cheesy pull. Woo. Look, you got so much cheesy pull, you don't even want to go back up in here for the double dip, huh? You know I got to get that double dip. Oh, let's go. McDonald's, let me be the first to apologize for going at you so hard in the beginning of this video. The flavor on the breading game, the seasoning, it's something else. It's something else. It's something. It's like you got somebody grandma in each one of your kitchens looking at this personally. Oh, $34, high on sun. Y'all know I play no games. But all three pieces had true mozzarella pull on them. All three, bang, bang. But all three pieces had that mozzarella pull. I am no hater whatsoever. The mozzarella sticks here at McDonald's are complete bangers, not even small bangers. You know what? This is a tiny package that's going to provide so much flavor for your face, your taste buds will burst inside of your mouth. I'm giving these bad boys a five or a day sun straight like that all day everyday McDonald's. Give me a pound, put your fist in here. Man, if you work for McDonald's, you put your fist up too. You give me a pound because y'all just doing it proper, doing it proper with these mozzarella sticks. Sun straight bangers, get a bite of it because I'm so upset right now that I need to get probably two more of these boxes. They tiny. They tiny, oh they are so small. Little oop oopas all over the box. The oop oop oopas. We love this one. Okay? But you know what, I'm a big boy. I'm a big boy. So I got to go back up and get two more boxes to satisfy my appetite. Curve my appetite. Until I go visit some family members while I'm out here and see what they're cooking for dinner. Yummy. Hey guys, thanks for rocking out on me. This is definitely a Monday's Munchy. That was Munchy size for real for real. You know how we get down. Every Monday, Wednesday, Friday, oh Monday, Wednesday, Friday, oh Monday, Wednesday, Friday, oh, no, no, no, super official. Foodies can't dig a baby. I know you can't listen man. Right, not too shabby. I bring you in on the situation. All right. Lots of relistics within side of the Monterello Stake Corp. They look dead right. Don't they? They look like they decided hot dogs wasn't where it was at no longer. And that's when they decided to go with burgers and milkshakes. Now author and activist Kathy Preston started a petition which requested for McDonald's to bring