 Hey everybody, it's me, Hetty and let's make some black eyed peas. This is going to be short and quick and all the recipes are always down below. Okay? So we're going to get started. I got four pounds of black eyed peas. You can cut this in half. You can cut it into one. I always like to life-divers, so I'm making four. All right? To do this, I'm at eight cups of chicken broth. All right? And I'm probably going to top that off with either more chicken broth. See, I've got it almost covers it, not quite. But I'm going to want a little more, either water or chicken broth, and I'll do that in a minute. I'm going to start this to cook it. And we'll bring it up to a boil. Then we're going to cut it down low and slow. I'm a holy trinity. And what this is, in particular, because I'm doing four pounds. I've got three medium to large onions minced. I've got two bell peppers, and I've got one celery heart. I've diced it. It's all tied off with my extra bacon grease from my bacon. Not using a ham hot this time. I want to use bacon, because I'm going to make hot and giant tomorrow. So let me get this in here. All right? That's easy. And I have one pound of bacon that I have already cooked. And I use most of my, I did drain all some of the gravy and put it in my bacon grease keeper, but I did keep some of it. OK? And I sauteed it in a little bit of it. And next here's my spice nut. I've got three tablespoons of garlic, a tablespoon. No, three tablespoons of garlic. One and a half teaspoons of black pepper. One and a half teaspoons of salt, which the garlic juice kind of ran into it. And I've got two and a half teaspoons of Cajun seasoning. And yes, as always, I do make my own Cajun seasoning. And if you want to make your own Cajun seasoning, I'll add a little annotation somewhere around here. All right? So there's that. Pretty quick. I'm going to give this a really good stir. I'm going to bring it up to a bowl. And off camera, I'm going to add a little more chicken broth. I'm going to bring it up just enough to top these peas. Then we'll bring that up to a bowl. And I'm going to cover this. And I'm going to cut it down to a simmer. You can control your temperature. That'd be about 200 degrees. You don't have to be exact. You ever take a little bit. Just keep it down. You give it a good stir once in a while. And you'll have you some yummy black eyed peas. We'll be back when this is done. OK, everybody. We're back. It's been about two hours. Low and slow is a way to go. You don't want to rush it. You've got to keep it around 200 if you can. Or just to a simmer. You don't want it bubbling at all. Look at this. I've got to tell you, had to fight my teenage boys off, tasting this, trying to taste it over and over. These are perfect. I only stirred maybe twice. And that's it. They're perfect. So we're having black eyed peas, cornbread, steamed cabbage, and cream potato tonight. And the rest of this, I'm going to show you part two tomorrow when we turn it into hop and john. You're going to love that. We're going to add sauce that's going to be good. All right. Thanks for joining me. Just go buy this recipe and you will come out. You'll love it. You'll adjust your salt and pepper at the end. I started with what I started with. You can also add more Cajun seasoning if you want to. Or add a seasoning if your choice. But this is how I do it. And this is how I'm showing you. I appreciate you joining me. And I'll see you next time. Take care. Bye bye.