 Hi dear friends and welcome to another episode with K1 cooking with me on the island and this always a pleasure having someone to cook with. Today we are going to make a communion gato. Gato is a snack that is similar to doughnut. It's just close to doughnut, a little bit firmer than doughnut if I can say that way. So I will teach you how to make it this afternoon and a quick show on the things we are going to be using. First we are going to make three cups of all purpose flour. Our ingredients are made using a cup of milk that is slightly above 200 ml. You can use water but at preferable with milk for a rich consistency, rich taste. And we will have a cup of vegetable oil, a teaspoon of nutmeg, half a teaspoon of baking powder, half a teaspoon of yeast, one teaspoon of salt and three tablespoons of sugar. So there is a difference. So the first thing we do is we are going to pour our milk into this bowl and my milk is warm, slightly warm. And into my milk I will pour the yeast and put in just three tablespoons of sugar. You know I say it is similar to doughnut but it is not as sweet as doughnut so it makes it a healthier option and we don't make use of eggs. Some people put in eggs but I am not going to use eggs. I am just going with the recipe, my mom taught me back home so we didn't use eggs for that. And so I am just going to add a teaspoon of salt into our milk and yeast mixture and into all of this I will add the baking powder and nutmeg and in goes half a flour. I am going to make use of three cloves of flour. And my oil, I am just putting everything together. And I will go right in with my fingers remember, my fingers, my hands seem to be the best kitchen tool that I use at the moment. Welcome back friends. I have been kneading my dough for like five minutes and I think I love the consistency now. It is not sticky, it is not hard, it is not too soft, just the consistency I want for my dough. So what we are going to do with this right now, I will just put it right in here. Then I will cover this up with a cloth with a cling cloth, kitchen cloth, just like that. Now I will leave it to rest for an hour in the warm environment. If you are in the tropics, I think I am already doing really have to worry about way to keep that because room temperature is fine with all the sun. But now I will make use of my oven, so I will leave it to rest in my oven for an hour. So I will turn it on to this surface. And I will sprinkle some flour, just to make it a bit easy to walk with because you see it is sticky. So what you want to do is just to cut this into, so you can use a knife to cut it. But some kind of a way I just prefer to do things with my hands sometimes. So what I will do is I will cut it into small balls, into small balls, I said balls, into small balls and I am going to mold them and show you how to go about it. So if you give me some time, I am just going to cut this into small balls. I have my small balls already here. If you can make them to be a uniform size, that would be great. But I am not sure how a uniform size. So what I will do is just to mold them to kind of just mold like that and hold it together. You see? Then place it on the flat pan like that one. I think the next one is just kind of plain. I am giving it a kind of massage but not really. Just like clay dough for kids. You just do the side. I will do that for the rest and I will be back with you guys. Welcome back friends. I just got my gato molded into small balls and I am going to give it a look. Then we will dive into the frying pan. We just want it to rest again for 30 minutes. Then we will proceed with the frying. So I will put it again in the oven for 30 more minutes then we will fry. We are almost there towards the end of our gato and I am just going to take it out from the oven and we will fry another one. So that is what you want to have. That is what you look like when you take it out from the oven. I will just wait for my oil to get hot. Then I will proceed with the frying. You don't want your oil to be too hot. I don't want it to be warm or cold. I don't want it to be hot. I don't want my temperament to try. So the trick is always to do that. I take a little piece of dough just like that. I drop it into the oil and if it floats then the oil is hot. But if it sinks like the case now, then I will wait a little bit more. So I am going to give it some 2 more minutes then we will proceed with the frying. Okay, friends, what we will do now? Just pick up it each of all. Welcome back guys. So our gato is frying. It has been frying for like 5 minutes and it looks already brown. You see those cracks? I love to see them. They just look gorgeous to me. Just the way I like it. And I am going to take it out. Just take it out and drain it up from paper towels. You notice I already had some. I couldn't wait to taste. So this is what you want to get. Very crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. And to be sincere already they stand before having this on camera. And if you like you can have it with some chili peppers. Just the way I am going to have it this afternoon. And it also goes perfect with the chili fruit juice or just one hot chocolate. Anything goes but I am just going to have some chili pepper. I am not going to throw it out at this. I already did this color. Thank you so much for watching. And if you like the video you can always give me a thumbs up and be mad to subscribe. See you again. Just leave this. Bye.