 Hi guys, welcome back to my channel, head chef mom, I'm Kendall Lawrence and I'm so happy that you're here again with me today. Today I'm going to do a recipe for cheesy garlic bites and this recipe is so simple yet so elegant and delicious and delectable and what other other adjective you can think of that means wonderful. Anyway, I got this cheesy garlic bite recipe from another channel, a young YouTuber who's new in YouTube and the YouTube community and he has such a wonderful channel. His name is Gino and the name of his channel is simply elegant. You absolutely must go over and check out simply elegant because Gino has some wonderful recipes that are simple yet very, very elegant. The recipes are not very complicated but if you make these recipes it will seem like you put a lot of effort into it because he's got just a ton of wonderful simple and elegant recipes. I'm going to put an eye card above so that you can head over and check Gino out and show him some love and please subscribe to him guys. You won't regret it because Gino has an awesome channel so please go check him out. I'm going to go ahead and get started with these cheesy garlic bites so come on in and let's take a look at our ingredients. So here are the ingredients for our simple yet elegant cheesy garlic bites. So here I have a block of mozzarella cheese. I have some canned buttermilk biscuits, these are eight biscuits. I have some grated from the canned kind of stuff Parmesan cheese. I have a stick of butter, I'll be using about half of it. I have some minced garlic and I have some dried parsley flakes. So let's go ahead and put this simple and elegant little morsels of wonderfulness together. Here's what we're going to do now. So I have a biscuit and these are the large biscuits like the grams and I am going to simply cut one of the biscuits in half and I have a baking sheet lined with foil. And I'm just going to kind of stretch it out a little bit and I am going to I cut off some strips of mozzarella cheese and I'm going to cut off a little chunk about an inch long and I'm going to place it in the middle of my biscuit dough and then I'm going to seal it all up rolled into a ball. Make sure that there are no openings so that your cheese won't ooze out and then I'm going to place it on my cookie sheet and I'm going to do this with all of my biscuits and that should give me since we have eight biscuits that should give me 16 wonderful little cheesy garlic bites. So I'm going to get all of this done and then I'm going to pop it in the oven on 375 for maybe 12 to 15 minutes and then we'll move on to the next step. Okay, so my cheesy garlic knots have come out of the oven and in a saucepan I have melted some butter, my parsley and my Parmesan cheese and I'm just going to take a brush and brush over each one of my garlic bites. Okay, so here are these amazing cheesy garlic bites guys let's let's take a taste. Have a look see look at the cheese in there. Whoa. Delicious. Those garlic bites are so wonderful and cheesy and garlicy. Just great guys, please. Go check out Gino Over at SimplyElegant and don't forget to comment, like, subscribe, share and go feed your family. I love you guys. Bye bye.