 Hello friends welcome to Chukla's Necesary Garden. I hope you all are doing great and enjoying what it has as well as gardens. Many people want to have beautiful plants in an around there. Palkanian or Teres' Garden is a hobby to many of us. But often we end up with a dead or dried plant in a Hindu garden or balcony. Most of all we need to understand that plants are leaving leaves. Therefore they can die. One of the major reasons behind an unnatural death of a plant is incorrect watering or mostly overdoing. Yes, too much of water can kill your plants just like an other incorrect working technique. So today we will see more of the tips and proven methods of proper watering. First understand that container planting is different than that of ground garden. Plant and plants require more frequent water than of ground garden. But this frequent watering must be complemented by a proper drainage system in pots. In simple words have a hole at the bottom of the pot. This hole will drain out the excess water from the pot and will prevent drowning of plants. Constantly wet soil cannot have air packets, and therefore very less oxygen for the root to breathe. If you want to see more of the water, you can see that the plant looks like a plastic or a belt. Leaves will drop down, the appearance is similar to very less water. This will eventually rot in the roots of plant and plant will catch other diseases. So how to decide when to water the plants? Very simple. No need to be a plant expert for that. You yourself can determine the time. A very simple way to determine the correct watering movement is by using your fingers. Yes, just put your finger. 1 or 2 inches deep into soil or media of your pot. And if you feel the moisture do not water the plant. Only if you feel the dryness in the soil or media water the plants. And now the next obvious question. How much to water and how frequently remember whenever you water your pot plant, what it really? Will the water come out of a drainage hole? Also remember do not water the plant like a canal flow. Do it gradually. Let the small quantity of water sink in, then add small amount, then again wait and so off. This will evenly distribute the water throughout the soil or media and will not make water drain out without enough moisture in the soil. Through the cracks in soil, different plants or media require different watering frequency. Keep it in mind. Always water, early in the morning or let evening. Avoid afternoon as most of water will evaporate and deep roots will not get enough water. And yes, once a while, wash the plant leaves also. It will clear the dust from the leaves which will help in photosynthesis and breathing of roots. I hope you have liked this video. We will show you what arrangements are to be made for plants care. If you have liked this video, please subscribe to our channel for more videos like this and have a happy time.