 Hi y'all, welcome to Southern Staples. Thanks for joining me today and if you haven't already subscribed to my channel, please do so and I'd love for you to invite your friends and family as well. Thanks so much and have a great day. Hi y'all! Thanks for tuning in to Southern Staples again with me today. We're here in the Southern Staples kitchen and we're going to be making a great Southern drink that everybody can enjoy and that's Fresh Glee's lemonade. Now don't be intimidated that it's fresh glee's. It's really a lot easier than you can imagine. It takes three ingredients, fresh lemons, sugar or you can use this sugar substitute if you'd like to and water and that's all. Alright so here's the first step and it's very easy. You're going to take one cup of water. Now I do have my pot on about medium high heat, one cup of water and one and three quarters cup of sugar or like I said you can use a sugar substitute if you'd like but here in the Southern Staples kitchen I'm going to show you how to do good all-fashion lemonade so that would be real sugar. So one and three quarters cup sugar, one cup of water, over medium high heat and what we're going to do is actually stir this until the sugar is dissolved and it's also coming to a boil. Alright so we've brought the one cup of water and one and three quarter cups of sugar to a boil and as you can see the sugar has completely dissolved. So now that it's at a rolling boil what you're going to do is turn your stove off and remove it from the heat and let this cool off and then put it into another dish and transfer this into your refrigerator and let that chill. Alright so the next step is to juice your lemons. Now these are obviously fresh lemons and I used about 10 or 11 because you need a cup and a half of fresh lemon juice. So all you need to do is you just take the lemon, cut it in half, what I haven't doing is just squeezing it over my measuring cup and it really does not take as long as you would think. Now if you have a real juicer or something you can totally use that. I'm just doing it the old fashioned way and just squeezing them right into this and as you can see I already have a cup of strained lemon juice in this bowl from the lemon right here. So we'll just squeeze this final lemon and it does it takes probably 10 or 12 lemons. If you have a real juicer you might be able to get more juice out of fewer lemons so you might not need a sitting. And what I'm going to do to just get the make sure it's okay to have the pulp in here since it is fresh squeezed lemonade but you don't want to give the seeds. So I just have this big strainer which you can use any size you want. Then I'm going to pour this remainder half cup of fresh squeezed lemon juice through the strainer and as you can see that just separates the seeds. That way you don't have that in your lemon in your lemonade. So here we have it. We have a cup and a half of fresh squeezed lemons lemon juice which we will then add to seven cups of water. So we'll go ahead and do that. And I'm pre-measured seven cups of water into this pitcher. And then our last step is to then add our chilled sugar and water mixture that we made earlier on the step top.