 Here I have my tool and this is how it kind of is off the bolt still folded it half. And you're going to go up to where the crease is and make a casing by just sewing an inch wide seam along the edge here all the way across the entire length of the fabric. Now that you have all of this sewn, you're going to take your elastic and cut it the length of your waist measurement and search your elastic through the casing. I'm using a tool but you can use a safety pin. Once the other end of the elastic gets to the edge here, you want a pin at in place so it doesn't slide through as you're feeding the rest of the elastic through the casing. Now it takes the two ends and sew them together. You can overlap them a little bit or put them right next to each other and zigzag in between. I zigzag between the two back and forth a few times. Now you have this section where it's open. So you're going to separate the two layers. So one layer together just sew all the way down. It's okay if it's not even at the bottom. We're going to be trimming it later. I'm going to take these two layers and then just sew them together as well. So it's all one continuous piece. Here's what it looks like. Once it's been sewn together, it doesn't have to be pretty or neat because after all it's a petticoat. Now as you can see, this is not even least spaced around the elastic. So you're just going to space it out evenly all the way around. So it's nice and even so there's no gaps or anything. So here is what my petticoat looks like before I trim it down. Here's my skirt without petticoat. Here's my skirt with the petticoat on and as you can see, I have to trim it up a little bit. Okay, so before you trim your petticoat, you kind of want to see where you want it to sit on your waist. It's kind of depending on how you want your poop to be shaped at the top, I guess. First figure out where you want your petticoat to sit and then you're going to measure to see how much you need to trim off. You want to cut your petticoat about an inch or two shorter than the length of your skirt. Fold your waistband in half and then fold it in half again and then put some clips at the top just to keep everything nice and lined up. Now any folds or bunches. Meantly gather up your petticoat so you can measure how much you need to cut off. And then trim away. Now you're going to fold your petticoat in half, lay it down and trim off the uneven bits. And here's what the trim petticoat looks like. I need to trim mine down just a little bit more but you get the idea. Till next time, bye!