 Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do. It's one of the most inventive and most most sensitive people I know, it's no different. Ken is here with this amazing super duper creative way and affordable by the way to make summertime dresses for your daughters. This is nothing new. pillowcase dresses have been out there forever. I've never made one, I was researching all the different ways. And I sort of wanted to experiment with some to find the simplest yet she-kissed. It's the cheapest way to do it. I want to say something straight away. You're one of the best fathers I've ever met. I really do. I watch you with your kids. I see how you're supposed to break them into your life and enough said we're going to keep moving forward. You're not going to die, bro. I was going to say no. I'm going to say really great dad to her. I'm going to say really, really. No, make a dress. No, make a dress. So it's funny because doing this I thought of my grandmother because my mom, the story you were talking about, but my father made me dresses out of, her mom made her dresses out of flower sacks. Flower sacks used to be printed cotton. Oh, wow. So I sort of feel like I'm passing on that tradition. Nice. Something for them to complain about. Just say our father made us wear pillowcases. Exactly. So you're going to start with just a standard pillowcase. This is a standard, you know, you get them usually in a set of two. And what you're going to do is you're going to fold it in half. Just a king size pillowcase. This is just a regular. I actually bought a king size thing. I would need it for cocoa, but a standard is absolutely fine. Then you're going to measure from your daughter, what is this? Clavical. Clavical to the length you want to get this measurement, measure that up, and then add about a half inch for seam allowance, and you're just going to cut straight across. The nice thing about this is once you cut one once, you can use that to cut the others, then you're going to measure from under her arm to sort of get that length you want. Okay. And for that, you're going to then cut a J out, just a simple J. So you're measuring from under our arm to the bottom to where they're going to be. Exactly. So you're going to do what that measurement is. You're just doing that freehand and you're going to do that. And then what you want to do is slightly tapers, sorry, I had to flip that upside down, or I wouldn't know what I'm doing. You want a slightly taperet, go from like half an inch to about an inch or inch an hour. So this is going to create a bit of a flair. You're going to make a gala wearing a total skirt. Yeah, she's not an up pencil skirt. So she's wearing an airline. Well, I'm very much TV for women. I know these barriers. I'm just making fun of the way I walk. Well, that's you in these dresses. That's well-cut. And then, so this is what you're going to end up with, which is basically your outline. That's unbelievable. That's so easy. Next thing you're going to want to do, let's toss that aside, is just do a slight hem at the armholes. If you can see this here, just roll it over. It gets a little funky around the curve, but don't worry about it. Get an iron, press it out later. And then you're going to turn this over about an inch and a half to create a pocket for the ribbon. Turn that over and seam that, which I've done here. If you can see here, you've got this little nice little pocket. So put them face to face now. So you've done that on both sides. And I also just want to point out here one of the nice things about this is you don't have to hem the bottom, because you're using the bottom hem from the heart. I was going to ask you that. Okay. So you've already got a nice some of the bottom. Line those up, and then all you're going to do, a seam up each. Okay. Let me ask you. So we go ahead on. Well, let me ask you this, because I, I, can sew. Okay. I know how to do some buttons. I know how to sew. I know how to use a sewing machine or listen. She's going to teach me. But do I need a certain level of sewing skill to actually do this? All right. Let me talk like this in general, because our viewers like, you know, we get some criticism. People go back and forth online about how good you need to be. Okay. So for this, I'm like, fourth of July's coming up. Cute matching dresses for the daughter. I want it to be easy. They're going to get catch up on it. They probably won't wear it again. Don't worry about it. You see, I have ragged hands. I haven't like done a zigzag. I haven't folded over. I've always liked the Christmas tree skirt I made last year. I want to pass it on generations. I took my time. I did a rolled hem. I see. So really, this is a great, simple dress making start. Okay. Simple things. You can't mess it up. Super easy level. And that's what I can do. Exactly. So once you've done that, all you do is turn it inside out. So we bought our seam where we did them together. Here's our little pocket. And then all you're going to do is get a piece of ribbon. I actually started to see that little popsicle stick or you use a pencil. And then you're just going to get the ribbon and put it through. Now, for this one, I used the ribbon as you see here. But you can also get your scrap fabric for the black and gray one. And I sewed my own ribbon that would match. And the base, that's all you do. Look at that. Draw it. Tie a bow. That is so cool. This is how I think, because they dress the same or look at great photo up. Right. Exactly. Exactly. I have a photo I think. I'm not sure if we showed it earlier. Yeah. We did. We did. We love little girls dressed the same. A little note as far as decorating it. If you don't have, I got these actually at IKEA. They were super, super cheap, like $10 for a set or two. If you have a really basic pillowcase that has a little pattern, make it exciting by, let's say, get, you know, Growgrain Ribbon. And now, the bottom. Love that. And then it's so chic. That's something. Get felt and add a little applique for a pocket. Or what I did with Margot when she put this one on. Tie it around the top. You will leave this. Exactly. You can glue some of the bottom stuff on if you didn't want to sew it. How about this top to bottom then would you say? Per dress, $6.8. $6.8. I mean, thank you. I mean, thank you.