 Hey guys it's Jessica and I'm gonna show you real quick how to remove the calcium buildup from the side of your pool. So for example the pool tiles, first swimming, a backyard swimming pool, acquires if you don't have soft water which a lot of people here in Arizona don't have soft water flowing into their pool. So if you don't have soft water then you're going to get this really ugly calcium buildup on the side of the pool and I'll show you right here. So here it is, this is the calcium buildup I'm talking about, it's where the waterline hits the edge of the tile and as you can see it goes all the way around the pool. I'm gonna use my hammer, my small hammer and it will get a little rusty so make sure that the hammer is not one of your favorites but make sure it's small or else you might break the tile. So what I'm gonna do is I'm just going to, this stuff has been kicked on for I don't know, 20, 25 years since the house was built originally. It's just a calcium buildup with I don't mineral deposits and stuff that just won't come off with scratching or scraping so we're gonna use this hammer. Here we go. Just gonna hit it until you get a little bit of a break. And watch out for your eyes because it may come back and hit you. Hit your right knee. See how it just chips off. So just make sure you kind of go at it with an angle and I would test it on a small portion of tile that's not right in the middle of your pool first. Make sure that the hammer can withstand, or I'm sorry the tile can withstand the hammer. So see how that works. Be extra careful on corners though especially if they're exposed to the sun because I had some experience in the other side of the pool. That chip the tile and it wasn't very pretty. So just be extra careful. But see how it chips right off. No expensive machinery or services. Just a hammer. Your wrist a little elbow grease and it right out of tune. So that's it for today. Thanks so much for watching and if you like this video leave a comment below or press like and make sure you subscribe so you can get the most recent and updated videos like this helpful video today. See you next time. Bye!