 The dog was just brought in on emergency. We were almost ready to go home and little dog came in. Yeah, let's do this. It's coughing. And it's coughing up blood and I'll show you its mouth in a second. And then it got as coughing and you think that was kettle copper. But it's coughing up blood and that's not normal. We had several dogs that have had a lot of problems with eating squirrels or poison with decom. So you can see this heavy breathing and the coughing. We always take X-rays to make sure that the heart isn't failing or there isn't any problems. But in this X-ray you can see the grayish fluid filling the lungs in its blood. And then our larynx is swan again filled with blood itself. So we're putting the catheter in so that we can make sure and give her I decided to give her a bunch of ID dogs in addition to some subcutaneous drugs to make sure the dogs get in there or hurry because you can hear she's having trouble breathing and we wanted to feel better. After about 10 minutes, the blood from the dog with decon has not really clotted in this blood. You can see the clots in it. I've spread it out so you can see the clots in it. So that's a normal dog. The clots are coming and this is a dog that is bleeding. So let me show you with the needle. You can see the clots here. They start. They start. You can actually pick up the clots but with the blood with the decon blood, there's no clots. So that's what's so ever. It does a clot. So there's no dark areas, no clots. So after now 11 minutes, normal blood should have a lot of dark areas in it and a lot of clotting. Whereas the decon blood, the dog that ate the decon, his blood is a clotting. But what happens is dogs with no clotting capability in the blood. The blood also will just link through vessels into the lungs and the stomach and the colon and out the gums and cause the dog to have really a lot of problems. So we're breathing about an hour after I give the dogs, we're breathing better. You can see still coughing up some blood. But I think the swarming and his therings has gone way down. He's actually watching the cat. Aren't you? Are you watching the cat? Stepping at the cat? There's some blood in the run. You can see. But you can see the color is pretty pink. That's a good sign. You can see when it gets excited. I get invited to catering the warfront. Gave him some stuff to dilate as long as the M&O flood. Gave him his quarter zone to help him breathe. Gave him antibiotics and casers and infection. So he more kinds of stuff. The blood value shows that the red blood cell count is down and the maticrid is down. And that's what you see in dogs that are bleeding. That's what the lab work shows. This is about eight o'clock and she's breathing a lot better. I have a lot more blood problems. Every now and then she'll just have a nap, so far. But as long as I leave her alone and she's resting quietly, she's got good color. She feels better. Well, Shania needed a blood transfusion the next day. Be to make her blood continue to keep clotting in the shui'an home on vitamin K, which is an antidote for decon poisoning. And also some prednisone in case she had some autoimmune component that made her blood not want to clot. So I'll again a week later and she's doing fine. I'll try to give you an update as it goes, but she's doing fine and we're going to see if we can wean her off the medicine. And check out dog dish diet. I have a free downloadable crock pot ebook that shows you how to truck pot, crock pot. And if you keep your dog on crock pot recipes for 60 days, sometimes all that itchy skin and bad ears and diarrhea and vomiting, that can be chronic will go away and then you'll know food allergies part of the problem. Have a great day.