 Hello friends this is Munendra from India. I am here to say how to do a simple homemade can egg incubator. This is a paint can. Now I will see the process. Take a small or whether it is bigger or small. You can take a paint can and put two holes here. Another another two holes and one hole. Totally six holes at the top of the paint can. Then at base you have to put a bigger holes throughout the base and a small holes throughout the base. This will help to allow the extra temperature outside and you can put these holes by using bigger nails and this is the one step and another step you have to make a door for it which will cover through this and you can use 20 watt bulbs or 25 bulbs. I use 25 watt bulb for this incubator. You can see this. This is the plug. This is the second step. Then third step you have to take another small paint can and pour water for certain level here which was I shown here. I shown here and put this incubator on this. Put this incubator at the top of the water can. I use this stick for the support because these two are totally different from each other. Then fourth step then fourth step place the thermometer. You should wash this thermometer thoroughly with hot water and it would be a clean. Then place this thermometer at middle and last step you have to put the eggs into the incubator. The temperature should not increase 97 to 102 degrees Fahrenheit heat. If heat will transfer to 102 degrees the eggs will boil. Be careful in that. These holes will help you. Don't worry about that. Then place the eggs. The eggs must be a fertile eggs and the eggs should not exceed the 8 days. This is the 8th day from my garbage or a chicken factory. You can take anything from anything. I want to place the fertile eggs thoroughly. Before placing the eggs you have to mark every egg one side one and another side two. You have to turn the eggs three times per day. For every six hours you have to turn. If you put this egg in one side then after six hours you have to turn second side. Another six hours you have to turn and return one side. Place the eggs properly. You should not keep the below six eggs. You must keep the six eggs in incubator. If you want they will spoil. This is the scientific reason. One of the scientific reason. After placing the eggs we come to the conclusion. Finally we made a simple homemade paint can egg incubator. This incubator is really a very cheap without a rupee cost. You can use a wooden piece for this tap. I think you can understand what I want to say. I am anxiety for 21st day. Thank you for watching this video. This is Manandra from media. Thank you. Bye.