 Okay, it is ridiculously hot out. So hot, but I'm currently working on making my way through two bottles of water because I'm constantly standing in the sun. The reason I'm constantly standing in the sun though is actually pretty good. The reason I'm constantly standing in the sun is that I actually have a flash pass. This is the first time I've ever done this. I've been attending six flags parts for a long time now. I'm out here and I paid a bunch of money for a flash pass. I actually bought the platinum flash pass for 100 bucks. But that means that basically I can walk onto all the rides without waiting, which is a pretty good deal. So it's 402 now and I don't know if you can see this yet. So you can see that the weight for these rides is like one minute or a bad minute. The pool is going apart. They're just making this infomercial. And yeah, so Superman is the longest line I've got and it's a 10 minute weight. So for me, if I'm only going to be here for one day and I want to get in all the rides, this is it. It's sort of like a Tomogouchy. It's a flat, oh my gosh, that was not my napkin so I don't feel too bad. There's a flash pass. So it's got all the rides listed on it with times and everything else like that. I think I can see, where's my camera? There it is. Yeah, so basically I can, wherever I am, I just click on one of these things and then when I get to the ride, I just click on it and I walk right in and up the way to any lines and I have to do anything else like that, which is great. So earlier I was on the Wicked Cyclone and the Wicked Cyclone was a sea. I was walking past the line, which was only one deep, like no rounding backs, whatever else like that. But it was, I was walking past the line and it was about 30 to 40 second walk and I expected it probably would have been about an hour and a half weight. So by taking my flash pass, there's a walk by all of that and walk right onto the ride. Wicked Cyclone by the way, super cool ride. Behind me you can actually see the big up and downy thing. We're over, let's see. Yeah, so behind me here we'll go and we'll flip this real quick. So up there behind that tree you can actually see Superman. Here we can see these people bouncing up and down on this tall thing. We've got other rides here going in. We got this weird circle thing here that people just ride in a circle. Yeah, so overall though, it's been a good day. I'm super excited. The flash pass is super nice. I've been a six legs attendee for a long time. I never bothered with one before, but it definitely is a splurge, but a splurge that I'm super happy about. Unfortunately, it doesn't get you out of the food lines and so I had to wait like 35 minutes for water. So it helped by the fact that when I got up to pay for the water, I realized I could not find my ATM card and so I had to or my credit card, whatever. So I had to actually, what I should have done is just like, it was in my other pocket and I should have just grabbed it. But instead of doing that, I was like, okay fine, I'll go to the back of the line and I found it like 12 seconds later. So I waited through the entire line twice. Luckily, it moved much faster the second time because they actually brought a second person in to do stuff, but it was kind of annoying. Anyway, yeah, so so far I rode the Wicked Cyclone, which is awesome. It's like super cool metal coaster with tons of twists and turns. I guess at one, I like best new ride of the year or something like that. I rode the Goliath, which is a vertical day's out boost style coaster. So you go back up, you go through and around your corkscrew and then do the whole thing backwards. And Flashback, which is pretty similar, but a little bit less extreme. And I rode the Thunderbolt, which is the wooden coaster here. It's pretty safe, but it's a nice little ride. And yeah, so next I'm going to Superman, Batman, and after that I'll see if I go back to Wicked Cyclone or if I try some of the smaller coasters. It's going well. I'm sorry roller coasters. I enjoy being here. And yeah, it's been a fun little ride. It is very busy and I'm very glad that I bought the fast-past for daily today. So I think that's about it. I might do another one of these later if it cools off, maybe other than that. I hope you folks are having a great day. And oh, that's right. I also have been in footer fights while I'm standing in line. So that's fun. I am not a big fan of Puritanism as applied to other people. If you want to be Puritan, you're welcome to be Puritan, but don't apply your Puritan standards to me. Whether I find it tacky or not should not be the determination of whether someone is like, should be doing something or is doing anything wrong. Everyone has different opinions. Everyone has different approaches. And to beat up on someone for there seems a little bit unfair. So yeah, roller coasters are cool. The flash pass is awesome. I'm actually going to push the button and reserve my Superman ride again now that I have demoed it. So it's currently 407. And like Superman, I can get on it for 16. So I just push this button. And by the time I actually walk over there, it'll be for 16 and I'll be able to get on. So they were calling someone over to fix the machines. So hopefully when I get back over there, they'll be fixed. If not, I'll just walk to the next place, the set of lockers. Or I'll change my reservation because all the other things are like two minutes. So I literally walking from Superman to wherever else I want to go is going to give me what I need to do. So anyway, oh man, feel so much better with some water at me. I think I was probably very close to overheated. I still got a bit of a headache, but not as bad as it was without the water. So I'll keep drinking and hydrating in the heat and I'm doing some more roller coasters. Thank you both all forever for stopping by and have a great afternoon. I'll talk to you all later. Bye-bye.