 Well, okay guys, welcome back to my kitchen. Today I'm going to be cooking up still and what's I've been. I've been getting a lot of requests and all to cook up still. So I'm going to show you my way of, oh, I cook up still in my kitchen. So let's go over some of the ingredients here. I have some tomatoes and this is a tomato in the can. You could use the regular tomato from the store. I choose to use this again because it's sweet and flavor and it's going to kick it up a notch. Also I have some pre-mental seeds, chopped onions, and also have some fresh thyme and three stalks of scallion. Okay, so this is what we're going to be putting in the outstale. I have some pouches, spices here. You could use whatever spice you want to use. Well, I'm going to be spicy not my outstale with Mrs. Dash. I don't like to cook with a lot of salt. Most of my spices are salt-free. This is salt-free. You could use that. I'm also going to be using a little bit of my special supreme salt-free seasoning. I'm going to be using some chopped garlic. You could use the old garlic if you want, if you have that, you go ahead and use it. I'm also going to be using some black pepper, some accent, browning to give it color. This is a Jamaican choice. Then I'm about on the shelf but everything made by some reason. They always say Jamaican, but you can use whatever kind of browning you have. As long as you're an island browning, you're about it. I'm going to be adding some vinegar, a pinch of salt, just a pinch, any kind of salt you have. This is what's also going to be added into the outstale butter bean. This is some lamb beans on there but it's butter beans. It depends on the name that you get in the store. It's either as I said lamb beans or as I said butter beans. If you get the Jamaican brand, you're going to say butter beans but it's still the same inside. And two cups of water. Okay. Now my upstale, let me show you what I got. This I'm going to be serving for about seven people. This upstale is already clean, washed, in vinegar and a little bit of lemon juice. So I'm going to show you how I get my upstale dinner going. So come on and let's go. Here's what I'm going to do to start off my outstale dish. I have my favorite spot in the whole world, my Dutch spot, right? So this is what I'm going to cook my upstale in. I'm just going to go ahead and add a little bit of oil to that. Not too much and the reason why I'm not going to put too much oil in it is because the upstale it has enough fat in it already. Okay, I'm going to go ahead and add the upstale in. And what I'm going to do is just kind of give it a little bit of color. For the browning that I'm going to put on it, it don't need no water for all of the color, just forget its color. So you just go ahead and I'll just pop it all in there. Okay, I'm going to add some black pepper. Remember we're just season up soon, right? Then I'm going to go ahead and add some of my salt-free season, my Mrs. Dash. I'm just going to pick it up a good nice flavor. And of course I'm going to add a little bit of garlic about a teaspoon of garlic. I'm going to add a teaspoon of vinegar. A pinch of salt. And I'm just going to add about a half a teaspoon of browning sauce. I'm going to add a little bit of garlic. Alright, so that's how it looks. What I'm going to do next, I'm going to go ahead and add two cups of water to it. Because what I'm going to do is just have it boil. I'm also going to be adding some pre-mental seeds. I'm going to let it boil with the upstale because I want that pre-mental seed seed to give my upstale an extra boost of flavor. So it's going to be cooked with the upstale. And this is going to be boiling for I'll say a good hour and I'll come back and check it after an hour. Alright, so the upstale has been cooking for one hour. And that is what it looks like after it's been cooking for an hour. It's still not tender yet. It's almost there. So what I'm going to do is add a little bit more water to well. I'm going to have two more cups of water on there. And that water should finish it off. And then I will meet you back here in about a half an hour. And I will put the rest of the seasoning on in this can and on the tomato and all of that. Now the upstale has been cooking for an extra half an hour and it is tender. What I'm going to be doing is go ahead and put my seasoning and I'm going to finish the dish up. So I'm going to put some onions, chopped onions, some tomatoes, fresh thyme, and some scallion. I'm also going to add some accent seasoned salt. About a half teaspoon. I'm also going to be adding some culture seasoning. Culture seasoning is an all-purpose kind of season. You can add it to just about any kind of meat that you're cooking. So I'm just going to add about a half a teaspoon of the culture seasoning in the upstale. Also I'm going to be adding some more browning sauce. You don't want to make it too brown because what's going to happen is not going to be browning or it's going to be black. I don't want to be eating no black up steered. All right. So then I'm going to add my butter beans and a half a cup of water. What I'm going to do now is have this simmer for about half an hour. You don't want to overcook this because what's going to happen is your upstale meat is going to fall off of the bone. All right. So our upstale is ready. As you can see the color is perfect. You don't want to have it too much brown sauce on it and then it's come out all black. You just want it to color and nice and just right. And that is just perfect. The beans is nice and tender. But I've been ready. Onions tomatoes everything. The gravy is perfect. It's not too thin. I don't put um flour, pea, or something things in my upstale. So what I'm going to do now I'm going to get this together and I'm going to come back to you guys. Everything came together nicely. I have a little bit of broccoli and carrots to the side. Everything came together beautifully. Once again from my kitchen to your kitchen. Enjoy!