 What's up guys, it's Mitch Savage and I'm back with another Arc Survival Evolved Guide. In my last arc video I showed you how to make your very first base and then I realized that maybe some players didn't want to base on land. So in this video I'm going to show you how to make a raft base. These are great for players that want to stay away from tribes, away from drama, away from toxic players. It's very safe and very easy just to build a raft base, sail out into the open water and live peacefully there. So I made a guide for this and we're going to hop into it right now. Now building a base on a raft really does seem harder than it is. It's a very simple technique that just isn't explained because it was, I don't think it was intended to be used this way. I'm going to show you the technique to get started with a raft base and then I'll build a simple one of my own. Each bases are better when you put your own unique creative ideas into them. So get creative when you build one. Make something unique that people don't know how to attack or defend against and it'll really throw people off guard. But to get started we're going to need one wooden raft, 20 wooden foundations and 20 wooden pillars. So the first thing that you're going to want to do is put the raft down. You can then hop onto it, go to the steering area, hold why, go to option. It's a wooden, and hide sale. That will make the sale disappear and it creates more space to build. Now once you've done this you want to put your first foundation down right in the middle of the raft. Hop on top and place a pillar directly in the middle of the foundation. It should look exactly like this. The next step is where the technique comes in. You want to place a second foundation beside it and if you notice in the corner it actually looks like the foundation is underneath the first one and that's exactly what you want to build. It will place underneath the first foundation and it will make it lower. Then you'll go back to the pillar, demolish the pillar first and then the foundation and then put another pillar in the middle of the second foundation. Once you do that, repeat the steps and then you'll see the foundations will slowly sink into the raft. You're just going to want to repeat that process. That's what we're going to do right now. I'm going to speed it up a little bit and I'll show you the end product. Now as you can see the foundation is now completely inside the raft and that's when you'll place more foundations around the first foundation. Creating an entire square platform on top of the raft and you will see that you'll still be able to drive it around. Now you can make this bigger. It all depends on the settings for your server on how many items you can have on a platform but this is a good size for your first raft base. I never recommend building in wood. I always recommend going straight to stone so I changed the wooden foundations to stone foundations and this is how it looks. It looks a lot cleaner, a lot more durable and now we're going to start putting the walls up. So now that the walls are up, this is how the base should look. Now on a raft I really do recommend putting windows at least one on every side of the raft. You can lock them up with the reinforced wooden windows. It just helps you understand that you're surrounding to see if you're coming up on anyone and if you have passengers they can look around while you're sailing to your destination. Instead of just staring off into the fucking claw of your base, make sure you do put the windows on the window frame. It could be very easy for someone to come up, look through the window and open up your blue boxes and steal your stuff while you're not online. Another very important tip for your raft base is to seal off your steering area. That way for some reason someone breaks into your base while you're in it. You can sail off with them and you can have them kind of as like a captive. They have no control over the ship at all and more often than not. As soon as they feel you start to leave the area they will get scared and they will leave. So I recommend sealing this part off and then you're going to want a door to get in and out. Sometimes you'll get stuck though so I recommend using a wooden ramp at your door. That way you can climb in and out very easily. You just walk right back up it and you have easy access in. You're going to want to put your ceilings up also just like in the other base. Make sure you get the one above the steering area and feel free to organize inside this raft anyway that you feel necessary. And there you have it. You're very first raft base. It doesn't look like much but it's a great start for a new player. As long as you follow the techniques I've showed you in this video you should be able to make a kickass base. This is kind of a plain raft base build. I do know a lot of other different builds for rafts so maybe if you want to see like a warship or a siege dyno transporter base. If you want to see any of those kinds of builds please let me know in the comments if you want to suggest a build for me to try to create suggest that also. And I hope you guys enjoyed and I hope this helped you out.