 Hi, this is Greg with ETX. I want to share with you some facts today about Salttooth grain beetles. Salttooth grain beetles are classified as stored product pests. A stored product pest is one that infests specific types of food products. They hide in cracks and crevices and what they do is infest poorly packaged foods during the packaging process and storage. They're one of the most common stored product pests. Here's what they look like. Adults are brown in color and they're about an eighth of an inch long. Also you might need a microscope to see it, but they have six saw-like teeth on the body segment behind their head. They'll feed off of rice, cereal, nuts, sugar, pasta, dog food. Almost any type of dry food product they'll feed off of. They can produce anywhere between 6 to 7 generations per year. They'll usually have a lifespan of 6 to 10 months. They've been known to live for up to 3 years if the conditions are right. They're often discovered on the shelves of a pantry and inside food packaging. They're brought into the home. They don't enter from outdoors. If they go undiscovered for any length of time, they'll infest multiple other packaged food items. My first suggestion in preventing them is inspect your food items at the store before purchase. Look on the outside to see if there's any signs that packaging has come open. You can always tell that a food item is infested in the store, but sometimes you can. Inspect your pantry and discard old food items every few weeks. Put any food items in sealed containers. They'll also lay eggs in small cracks and crevices, so empty your pantry or wherever the infestation is and give it a good cleaning. They don't necessarily venture out to other areas of the house. They'll usually stay within the confines of any food source area. They can't fly and they're not attracted to light. So don't keep pet food and birdseed in the pantry. They're more likely to come from these sources. There you have the facts on Salttooth grain beetles. My name is Greg with ETX. We serve select areas of Jefferson and Shelby counties. We have a four-step initial pest service called Target Guard. If I can be of service to you, please give me a call. My number's on the screen and you can also visit me at ETXPro.com and learn more about us. This was helpful to you and I'll see you next time.