 Okay so Iris is a really different from what I spoke about yesterday and the day before from the horses and the lilies. Iris is a different because they have these long roots. They're almost like tree roots. They kind of just go on forever. And it's all part of a huge root system, but you can break them off the root system like so. And I can continue through and just pull it apart. Okay, so let's imagine that we've gone through and we've literally taken them all apart. Now the best way to do this is to soak it in water so that the dirt falls right off and then all the roots will kind of fall apart. You might have to tug, but they should fall apart. Once you've done that, you just want to plant it. So you're going to plant the entire thing. Plenty of the same way you would anything else up to about here with dirt. Water it in really well since you're transplanting. You always want to give something water whatever you transplant it. Otherwise it will go into shock. You can cut off the top that you don't have to. It will die back because we're at the end of the season, but next year it'll come out with beautiful new foliage and eventually irises. I'm just going to stick it on the ground here. So I'm going to dig a trench and I'm going to stick them in so that it hands with the part again. I want to make a cover. Okay, so I've put in my dealies in the back, my irises in the middle and then my hosties in front. I just want to, like I already showed you, just rip them apart. You can cut right through them, but you can't rip them apart. Now with these guys you want to leave the foliage on and give them a good tight pull. They should come apart without damaging too much. Okay, so that's going to be one. Add some other. Add some other. I'm going to stick them into the front. Okay, so these are going to look pretty lousy for a little while because they're all going to fall over. They've got to be watered really well and then they're going to start standing up again. And in a few weeks they should fill out and look good. In the meantime, just throw them in there, don't worry about it. If you go to the store and you buy them, you're going to find something like this. For the irises, for example, it's just going to be a root. It's exactly the same thing. Just stick in the ground, cover it over and next spring it'll come up as a beautiful new plant. I'm Scarlet. Thanks for watching. And I'll see you tomorrow. Toodaloo.