 Hello, this is Andy Hobo, traveler in Sosu, Dominican Republic. I just left Tady about a couple weeks ago. I want to make a video showing how to wash clothes. Washing clothes when you're traveling is a required thing. I don't care what you do. It's right here at Sosu. They went $10 per single load. For me to wash three loads would cost me $30. Okay, that's just having washed right and everything. They'll do all different combinations, but this is probably the worst in the planning. So, but when I'm in Africa, I have to wash my clothes. Anyway, I do it. No, but they don't have washing facilities. And of course, a good hotel would seem to have washing, but I don't know why they don't. Okay, come here. I want to show you what what I do is I take my clothes and I give them to dry and for speed, I drop them into this bucket that I've made out of a five gallon vegetable oil thing. I cut off the top, put them in a couple of holes, put some handles, and then I've dropped my clothes in there. Then I turn on the water, and then I fill it up to where it just covers the clothes. You really want the clothes to be compacted in there. You don't want to have a lot of extra water because the clothes, rugged against the clothes, washing. I think the army guys, the stuff used to use a plunger. They used to sit there and just punch, punch, punch, punch. Well, where am I going to get a plunger? I'm sure I can't carry that in my backpack. Okay, so I put the clothes in there. If I was wise, I put the soap in before. But I do is I, to measure this soap, I just put a little bit of this right in my hand. I don't just do it. I use powder soap only, I don't use liquid soap because liquid soap, when it goes into your, you can't put that in the back bag. It's too dangerous. It'll spill, destroy stuff. Powder soap, you can carry like this. I buy small bags like this. I like it when you can just buy the small. There's like a string of them there. A little dekew bags, like one used bag. That way I can use the bag, go it away. I don't have to worry about closing the bag. I put the thing, normally I do this when I take a shower. I mean a lot of people, a lot of travelers will talk about going in the shower and washing their clothes. It's a real pain in the bag. What I do is I put them in here. Then I just take my foot and I go up and down. Kind of extra stuff. So I go up and down about 50 times with the right leg, switch over to the left, 50 times. I knock it out 50 times. And I smash the clothes down. Because come here, closer. Can you see inside there? What I'm doing is I'm moving my foot back and forth, pounding the clothes down. It's just like a plunger with do like the army people say. This is a lost art because the United States, we forgot how to wash clothes. I'm changing sweet feet. Normally I'll do, see, according to how dirty the clothes are. I usually do just about 200, well, 50, 100 with each leg. So it's about 200 times. I can do 300 if it's really dirty, 400, whatever. But that's a good exercise. What happens is it don't, you know, it sets up and spread all over the place. But you can tell that it's going to set up and stuff like this. What people do this wrong is they wear dark clothing that isn't going to show the dirt. If you're normally wearing white clothing at home, you should wear white clothing when you travel. If you wear bright colors when you travel, you should be yourself. If you wear, I can wear a shirt one day two days. There's travelers that wear the same shirt. Six days. Okay. Well, you know, what you're doing is your self-esteem's wrapped up in this too. So I just washed my clothes after I wear on one tiger when I can when I got playing in convenience or whatever. I'm in a hot client right now. It's a tropics. I may take and wear three shirts on a day because of the sweat. I hang them up in front of the fan and try. Okay, so now all I've done is credit it. There's this is the way to do this with the bucket. If I have a big problem with the clothing and I'm worried about the smells, I let them sit in there for a couple hours. If I'm here, let's back up. I have a show something else. I'm going to get it to go outside here. I got a heating. I got all about this. And I as well tell you what I got. This is a heating element. If I have really white clothes and I want to disinfect, say you're worried about the fungus and all this stuff, I'll actually heat the water up and basically cook the clothes. Heat the water for a simple to close and do a hot water heating. There's all kinds of different ways to do this, but this is one way to wash the clothes. There's you know, the rubbing way, which is a whole another process and whole another thing. What I do then is I take my clothes out of here and dump this out. See how that reds coming out? I bring, okay, to get the soap out, because I need the ring, right? Then I fill up the bucket. I put this back in. I'm going to go up four this time. I will end up doing a little bit of the laundry. Eventually it's dry. I mean, you've actually brinsed it a couple of times. If you had the clothes done at the laundry, they're going to basically not really rinse them, they'll leave just a used soapy water. Sometimes my skin reacts to soapy water and I get, you know, little rashes and stuff. If I do it myself, I don't have to worry about this problem. Well, this is how I wash my clothes now. I carry this bucket all the time. I use it for about 20 different things. It's one of my essential gears that I consider necessary. I'm Andy Hobo Traveler. I travel for about 12 years. I visit a 88 countries. I'm a professional traveler. I got the experience. Thank you. Have a good day.