 I'm Neil Haydock here with Rodders and we're going to make a fantastic dinner party dessert panicotto with Cornish clotted cream. The first thing we're going to do is warm the milk. To that we're going to add a vanilla pod that we're going to slice down the middle, remove the seeds, pop those into the milk along with the pod. To that we're going to add the castor sugar. So we're just going to stir the milk to dissolve the sugar and disperse the vanilla. Next we're going to soak the gelatin. People get really scared of gelatin. There's no need. All you have to do is just pop it into a bowl of cold water and just let it soften. Next we're going to stir the cream and as you can see we've got this lovely crust and all we want to do is just sort of beat that together just so we have a nice smooth cream to put into the panicotto and into the pan. So at this point we can take the pan off the heat just to incorporate the cream and we're getting really rich aromas from the sugar and the vanilla. We're really coming up from the pan now. So the cream's incorporated and what we want to do now is add the gelatin. As you can see the gelatin is really nice and soft now and what we want to do is just squeeze out that excess water. I'm just going to pop that into the pan so the warmth of the cream will just help to dissolve the gelatin. We're ready to fill the molds now. I'm going to use a ladle but you can pour this about a half way up. You can go a little bit further if you like. So you can make this the day before. It's a really impressive dish and it looks like there's a lot more work on it but it literally has taken us five minutes to put together. You've got this really great wafter vanilla coming up, really rich, really sumptuous that really marries well with the cream. So I'm going to pop them on the tray and then we're going to put them in the fridge. These have been in the fridge a few hours and now comes the fun part where we take them out of the mold. I'm just going to dip them into hot water for a few seconds. Bring them out. So you could turn this out into the plate but I prefer to turn it onto my hand and sort of get a little bit messy. All that's left to do now is to dress the panakotta and it goes really well with simple berries or we've got some lovely poached fruits which we've got here. Really simple, a dish to impress your friends. Cornish clotted cream, panakotta with poached plants.