 Namaskar, nishamadhulika.com Saagathu Today we will make instant fature We have made small ones And it is very important that we make fature with them So we will make fature So let's start We have taken 2 cups of flour in the bowl And we have taken 3 boiled potatoes We have taken them to peel And we will take these potatoes And we will take them to be cooked And we will take them to be cooked So we have taken these potatoes We will cut them into small pieces We have taken these potatoes to be cooked We have taken 1-4 cups of water We will add this in the flour And we have taken 1.5 cups of water We will add this in the flour We will add 1.5 tsp salt We will add 1-4 tsp less baking soda We will add 2 tsp oil Mix all the ingredients We will mix all the ingredients in the flour And now we will mix them with our hands We have to prepare soft flour for the fature So we will add some water And we will prepare soft flour for the dough As we prepare soft flour for the dough It is very soft and very soft We have taken soft flour We will take some oil And we will take some flour We will add some more flour We have prepared the dough We will add oil on the dough And we will keep the dough for 15-20 minutes After that we will make a dough And we have used 1-4 cups of water in the dough Cover the dough The dough is ready Our dough is ready We will take a little flour and make a little dough And we will add more flour Now we will prepare soft flour for the dough We will add dry flour on the dough And we will add flour We can make a small dough with our own method We will roll the dough We have prepared the dough Now we will roll the dough We can also roll the dough with oil And roll the dough in a small shape And roll it in a small shape And roll it in a small shape And roll it in a small shape So if we roll it in a small shape Then it will become stick After making it, we are rolling the dough We are rolling the dough in a small shape And we are rolling the dough in a small shape We can roll the dough in a small shape For example, we can roll the dough like this We are rolling the dough in a small shape We will roll it in a small shape But we will not roll it in a small shape So we have rolled the dough Now we have rolled the dough And roll it like this Aata, Aata, Turan, Sikkar, Tarkar, Tarkar should be fried. Because we need a good hot oil for frying the bhatura. Aata is fried and the oil is hot. Let's start frying the bhatura. Add the kadaa to the bhatura. Add the kadaa to the bhatura. Add the kadaa to the bhatura. The bhatura is well fried. Now let's fry it. Fry the bhatura till it becomes golden brown. The bhatura is well browned. Let's take it out. We will fry it in a hot oil. So that the bhatura will be fried. Let's take out the bhatura and fry it. We can also fry the bhatura in a dry flour. We have made the dough and we have to fry it in a dry flour. We have to fry it in the same way. But we don't have to fry the bhatura in the same way. We have to remove the bhatura and fry it in the same way. Let's fry the paratha in the same way. The bhatura is fried and it is fried. Let's add the flour in the same way. Place it on the baking tray and fry the bhatura. Similarly, fry the bhatura in the same way. Let's fry the bhatura in the same way. Fry the bhaturas in the same way. Let it fry. If the oil is hot enough, you can reduce the heat. Similarly, we have to fry all the bhaturas in the same way. We have fried the bhaturas in the same way. Fry the bhaturas in the same way. The bhaturas are fried and ready. The bhaturas are very good and they are very easy to make. But keep in mind that we have to fry the bhaturas in the same way. We have to fry the bhaturas in the same way so that they can be fried in the same way. We have to add some water in the bhaturas so that the bhaturas don't stick to the bhaturas. Keep the bhaturas in a low flame. Keep the bhaturas in a low flame because the bhaturas are soft. Sauté until the bhaturi is soft. We have kneaded the bhaturas in the same way as the bhatстрой. We also have Dwai & baking soda in the same way as the bhatur. We have added sweet fimbap Then if you have been making it yourself then place it in the same bowl. Just share your taste on phage. unknown recipe or check our channel