 So today I am transplanting gooseberries. Basically what I'm doing is digging up the runners that have grown into plants. The branches go under the ground and they start growing roots and producing new plants. My mom has quite a few plants. I dug up one, so I'm transplanting one plant and I probably have about 20 or 30 plants. Wherever I have roots, I can put them in the ground. I'm super excited and I'll let you know how this project goes. Hey, so now I'm doing the pruning. You want to look for a nice stem and then I have a ton of roots. And since there's roots coming off that one, I think I will go ahead and divide it into two. There's Emily. But yeah, I'm going to go ahead and divide it into two so I can have more. I'm trying to create as many gooseberries. As possible. As soon as I do cutting, I go ahead and I put it in my bucket of water. That way it will get a chance to get some moisture before I plant it. Here's the next example. This one has multiple shoots coming off of it. And each one has roots, so I'm going to go ahead and divide that into three or more. I got some background dancers. They're playing horses. Say gooseberries are cool. That's what they said in horse language. Gooseberries are cool. I have the perfect cutting. It has a nice stem. And then at the base, I have some roots and I'm going to soak them in water. Here's the roots. So you just need some roots at the bottom. I don't think you can go wrong. They're pretty hardy. Okay, I just planted the one for my mom's house. This is actually just a transplant because it's a huge plant. And I took it over and here because it wasn't very fruit, we think it was not getting enough sunshine. Because she lives kind of in a shady area. So what I'm going to do is some prunings because it's a little not even. So I'm going to go ahead and even it up. We'll go ahead and plant all of my cuttings. Okay, as soon as you plant it, you want to water it in. That helps it row and have a good start. Okay, I've been working for hours and hours and hours. I planted 16 gooseberries in front of the barn. Now I am putting some extras in a barrel. Old rested out horse trough because I just want to let them root. And then I can transplant them from that location. I'll show you what it looks like. Turns out I probably did like a hundred cuttings. So I have a lot of work to do to get them all planted. I'm thinking I'll just bring my little bear around the property and just put them here and there. I probably have about a dozen little starts somewhere to tell some really short. But I think this will be a great place to keep them. Just to get started and then I can transplant them from this location or give them to friends. I mean, I put them back in the water and then find homes for all these gooseberries.