 Hello everybody welcome back I am Visha and I am here to help you transform your house into a home. Sometime ago I shared a video on three fabric panting techniques and you loved it so much in case you haven't watched it yet. Here's the link. So after that I have been receiving requests to share a video on pot panting techniques. So today's video is all about how to pant a pot and along with that I am sharing five pot panting techniques. So without further ado let's dive right into the video. So first step is select your pant. What kind of pant will be suitable for your pot? So first thing is if the pot is of plastic then acrylic or enamel pant would be a great choice. So these two kind of pants give glossy finish and if your pots are made of terracotta or clay then you can choose either acrylic or enamel pant for glossy finish and plastic emulsion pant for matte finish. Now I will share some basic steps of panting a pot. So first is wash it nicely wash the pot nicely so that there is no grease or dust and then let it dry. After that if the pot is made of plastic or terracotta then no need to send it but if it is of clay and if the surface is uneven then you should send the surface using sand paper and then wipe it off. Next step is primate pot can be primed using white paint. If you are using acrylic colors then use white acrylic paint and if you are using enamel paint then use white enamel color and if you are using plastic emulsion paint then white plastic emulsion color will do the job. And once it is dried let's move on to the second step which is giving it a color. So first technique is paint it in any vibrant color. So I like this technique very much because whenever color fades or paint just chips off then all you need to do is just give it a fresh coat of paint and it will be new once again. Now second technique is paint any design or pattern on the pot and for that I have so many ideas like you can draw a hina pattern or you can draw mandala dot art or just draw any free hand design like these ones. Or you can paint any folk art or you can just stencil it. There are lots of creative ideas. Now I am sharing the most requested anthropology inspired planters. So I have already primed the pot and now I am painting it. I am using red acrylic color. And once the color was dried I made patterns on it using pencil and then just filled white color. Then I just left it to dry for at least 2 hours and after that I gave it a coat of varnish so that my work is protected. And you can see this side it doesn't look glossy whereas this side is glossy. And similarly I painted this tiny pot. Now moving on to the third technique which is spray painting. For spray painting I drew a pattern on a piece of paper like this and then I just cut it out using graph knife. Here I am using color gradation method of painting and using water I will just stick the cut out on the pot. And for a spray painting color should be really really thin. So I just mixed some water in acrylic color and using toothbrush I sprayed the color like this. Spray gently until the surface is covered and then remove the cut out carefully and repeat the steps. After using it 2-3 times the cut out will become soggy so you should make at least 5-6 cutouts well in advance. And this is the second method of a spray painting. For this you will need a bowl full of water, some nail pens, tool or a stick to spread the color and of course a pot. And things to remember here are what should be lukewarm and just make sure that nail pens are not dry. So this is the easiest technique just place your pot upside down and start dripping the color. You can use as many colors you want or just use one color it is totally up to you. And I suggest you to use a pot that has even surface, mine has some ridges so color just smudged there but still it is looking beautiful. So once all your pots are ready just give them a coat of varnish. It will work as a fixative so your work will be protected and colors won't fade away easily and water will not ruin it. But if you are aiming for matte finish then I won't just use varnish because it will give you a glossy look. So avoid this step. And I will give you one more bonus technique which is already available on my blog. I couldn't find crackle medium so I can't share it here in my video but you can obviously hop onto my blog and check it out. I have added the link in the description and also there are links to buy all the products that I used in this video description box. So don't forget to check out. So I really hope that this video gave you some ideas to give a new fresh look to your pots and if you have some other ideas then don't forget to share in comment box below and I am talking about painting techniques. That's all for today. I'll see you soon in my next video till then. Wish you all love luck in Sancine. Bye bye.