 Hi, I'm Brian from Flores to your home. And today I'm going to talk to you about one of the most exciting new products in the flooring industry in decades. This is a loose lay vinyl plank flooring. Now let me repeat that. A loose lay meaning no adhesives, no clicking mechanism, no adhesives mechanism, vinyl flooring, 100% waterproof. So far as you can see, as of our day of taping here, we have four patterns in stock. Couple of basic oaks, a bamboo pattern, a two nice distressed patterns. This is a loose lay product, plank product. As you can see, this is how it comes right out of the box. I pulled a sample right out of the box. Extremely pliable and flexible. Five millimeters thick. It's a five millimeter thick product. It's not a piece of paper you're laying here on the floor. This is a very thick, very heavy product that is going to stay down. Your only installation tools. Your only installation tools, a tape measure and a utility knife. You just lay this thing and you go, but that is literally all you do. You lay the planks and you go. When you get to the wall, you measure it, you score it, you snap it, you move on to the next row. As you can see, here's one of the side seams. There's just no gapping here at all. From a distance of four or five feet, you can't even see these side seams at all. Here's a seam. Here's a seam. It's hard for me to even pick them out. These planks just lay so nicely next to each other. They blend in so nicely. It gives it a really rich wood look. And again, you've got the benefit of being vinyl and being 100% waterproof. It's just the simplest, easiest product to install. It's got the real wood look. It's completely waterproof, completely easy to do yourself. It'll withstand heavy traffic, whether you're putting this in a home or in a business. The wear, the wearability of this product is absolutely incredible. Great for commercial applications. Also great for wet areas in the home, basements, kitchens, bathrooms. With this thickness, this five millimeter thickness, you've really got a lot of commercial applications that you're open to just because of the benefit of how thick and stable this flooring is. For a residential warranty, we've given this product a 50 year warranty. 50 year residential warranty. It's an incredible, incredible product. The last time we've seen a revolution like this in flooring was probably laminate, which was about 20 or so years ago here in the US. So again, right now we've got, at the time we're taping this, we've got four patterns in stock. We have more patterns coming in. Please call us for samples. We're happy to send you out some samples. See how thick this product is. Do a little research on loose lay, vinyl flooring, and you'll find some articles about it on the web. It's just an amazing product. Getting realistic wood looks completely waterproof, easy to do yourself. Please call us, ask us any questions. Thank you.