 Hey guys and welcome back to my channel. Welcome to my closet. This is the closet that I share with my husband so everything that you see on this side of the closet is mine and everything on that side is my husband. Same with the island, the side of the island, it is a mine and that side of the island is hits. So we're going to be focusing on a mind point of the closet and we are going to be doing decluttering today because I need a major major spring cleaning. It has gotten to a point where I literally have no more space to put new clothes and that is a problem because I'm fairly certain that I don't wear 80% of the clothes in here so that stuff has got to go. So I brought you guys into my closet so we can declutter together and I'm going to be sharing with you my favorite way of making money by cleaning out your closet. And that is by reselling your clothes. Now there's many many different ways of reselling your clothes. My personal favorite way is to use an app like D-Pop. I've been using D-Pop for a couple of years. This is not sponsored by any means. I just personally really really love using the app D-Pop. It's super safe, super easy to use and I have sold so many items on D-Pop so far so I would highly highly recommend trying it out and I'm pretty sure it's available internationally. If you guys aren't interested in shopping anything that I put up on my D-Pop account it's just my name Nikki Sky. I'm going to leave it right here so you guys can follow me and check it out. Everything is going to be priced super super affordably and all of the proceeds are going to be donated to the breast cancer research foundation. I have been doing this for the last year or so. So everything that I put up on my D-Pop I'm going to sell and everything that remains as profit will be going to the foundation. There's also some things that I might be donating like some things that I don't think I'll be able to sell. I also have a couple garbage bags on the side of my closet where I'm going to be collecting all of those items and then donating them. By the way guys if I do sound a little bit stuffed up that's because I'm currently dealing with a sinus infection so I truly apologize. I know I sound very nasally. I've been sounding this way for the last couple of weeks and I just wanted to be over. I'm sick and tired. I mean sick and tired. Okay I'm kind of in a hurry right now if I'm completely honest because my mom is going to be my mom's going to be here in literally 14 minutes because she's going to be helping me photograph everything and I didn't prepare anything for her so I would only need to rummage through my entire closet in 14 minutes and put it on this rock that I have over here so that we can get on with shooting everything. I don't even know if that's possible but I'm going to try. All right so the first section of my wardrobe contains all of my shorts lead shirts and shorts at the bottom. I'm not so concerned about the shorts because as you can see I still have a lot of space. If I'm completely honest I don't wear shorts that often but when I do I have a pretty hefty selection here so I'm not sure if I'm going to be going through that right now because I'm pretty happy with that situation but as you can see this top part needs a lot of help so I'm going to be going through each item one by one like this top for example I don't even think I've worn one so this is definitely going to be going for sale. This little sexy number I think I've worn it once or twice. I am not sure if I'm going to be wearing it again. It could look cute under a blazer and some high waisted pilotto pants so maybe I'll hang onto it maybe. All right so this is another super cute crop top. I wore also another one or two times and I'm not sure I'm going to wear it again either. I really don't want to say goodbye to this but I don't know I don't know I just don't know where to get it. This is so difficult. This I think I'm going to don't because it is missing a button in the back. It's a really super cute shirt from Zara but I think somebody else will be able to get better use out of it than I will so this will be going in donation. All right so I took out a bunch of my short sleeve tops so this is what is left over. These are actually blouses that are supposed to be in the section next over just I couldn't fit them all so that's why they're here. So hopefully I'm going to be able to get rid of a bunch of stuff in the next section over so I can put these blouses in the proper spot. Okay my mom just got here so I'm going to have to work really quick because otherwise maybe a little aqo kakao. Do you want to see how you because it looks like I'm talking to the wall. She's a personal trainer so she's embarrassed when she's in her workout care. Just say hi. Hi you can't see the frame. Good. All right so now I'm going to tackle this section of my closet so I've skirts down here and here I have my blouses and sweaters and as you can see I have sweater overload so wish me luck. So I'm going through everything basically and deciding whether or not I'll ever wear it. I thought this I thought I was going to wear it and I never ended up wearing it. I'll wear it. I'm really cute. I feel like this is really cute. Let's go take. I will. I'll wear it. I'll wear it to my shirt and you want to keep it to mom? I think I'm going to school wear this. Okay I love you. I love the way you are. I need to wear it. This is very good. I bought this like three years ago and I never wear it. I never seen you wear it. It's very cute. Like a white t-shirt or tank top with blue jeans. Yeah. Yeah. Okay keep your eyes. Keep your eyes. Getting rid of this. You want? I'll give them to you and you put them there on the rack. You're selling those? Yeah. This is so cute. I love that jacket. I have a feeling that is none of this stuff is going to end up on my top. Yeah it's going to be mama. My mom has three cloths. Three. I'm not even exaggerating. She's more shoes than I do. Restraint mother. Restraint. I need more shoes. No you don't need more shoes. Yes I have more shoes than I do. They're not all comfortable so some of them are weird for dancing. Some of the proceedings. So we want this top. Yes. There's a little makeup there. Is that okay? Can I wash it? Yeah. Just on gentle. I love coming for a cycle. I wonder why. This is going on on my deep off. You're not taking this. This is not my style. I have to conserve it. This is going to conserve it. This deep off. And I also have a pile over there for donation. Oh really? Yeah. I'm a punishment. Maybe you'll unlock some of the little beds or Chanel but you won't. I don't even have a little of a ton bag. Oh I can look short. How about Chanel bed that you know want for a cycle? See what she does guys what I have to deal with. This is deep off. This is deep. I mean like how many striped shirts do I need? My mom will be so happy because she calls him zebra. Yeah. But I'm keeping the one that you got me. Okay. Because I like that one. I'll keep two. I love striped sweaters but like seriously. I have like six. Yeah. I'm not exaggerating. Okay. These are deep off. On to the next section. So I have some like longer tank tops here that I like to wear when I go to the gym and I keep them here because they're just easy to access. So I'm just going to keep them here. I wear pretty much all of these. So that is going to stay as it is. Then I have my glazers and overcoats and all of my jeans trousers and just like long longer bottoms. So I'm going to go through all this and see what I want to excel in what I want to keep. Oh look. What is that? The dollar bill. Oh. All this is off the American dollar bill. Yeah. I love Canada. So I have no idea where this came from but mine is mine. So this section over here is just my dresses and I just cleared that out a couple months ago. So I'm not even going to catch that. And that's it. That concludes this part of my declutter. Now my mother who is sitting over there on her cell phone is going to help me shoot everything so that I can get everything up for you guys on a money deep off. I wanted to quickly show you guys just a few other pieces that I'm putting up on my deep hop. Otherwise we'll literally be here all day. I really hope you guys enjoyed this video and I wanted to take a moment to ask you to hit that notification bell right next to the subscribe button under this video. I'm sure you've heard many of your favorite YouTubers recently asking you to take this action because YouTube has been making a lot of changes lately. This not only helps support my work and what I do here on my channel but it also ensures that you will be notified every time I upload a video. I want to thank you for taking the time to watch my video and for hanging out with me as I decluttered my closet and I look forward to seeing you in my next video.