 Let me show you a sauce though. I really wouldn't want to show you. This is one of the best things learned from my mother-in-law who comes from a very old French family and what you need is some extra virgin olive oil, balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper and some mustard. This is a Dijon mustard, this is a typical sort of run-of-the-mill, fine effort which is spicy and there's no beads and there's no grains so it's nice to go now. As I do it, simple. Forget craft, dressings, forget palm dumen, this is the easiest thing to do, it's the most inexpensive and it is the best. I don't like free pork because I'm used to it but what you want to do is put three tablespoons of oil to one tablespoon of vinegar and that's for a ballot family four. So we'll go ahead and we'll do one, two, three and a little container, little dish. Here's the key, put your mustard. Now this is a teaspoon. What is this? This is two thirds but a heaping two thirds you can see. Tee spoon of mustard in there. Okay, this is the trick. Whip this around so that the mustard and the oil are almost completely disintegrated and one another before you need to put the vinegar in. That's the key. A lot of people do it another way and the problem is if you don't put the mustard in first, you'll find it's actually kind of soggy, it doesn't have that sort of rich texture that a great vinaigrette has. This will be it. Now before you put your vinegar in, put this salt and pepper. Put it around again. Now this is what it's going to end up looking like. You're going to break down your mustard so that it's broken down into the oil. Okay, once it's like that it's never going to become a little dissolved but once it's broken down it sort of looks a bit like maybe an egg, a scrambled egg or something. You're going to add your vinegar. Again, once you can use it you'll free pour but you're just going to use one tablespoon. A nice big tablespoon and you whip it around. Once you're whipping it around with a little bit, it's going to get thicker. See that? It's going to change it's going to get lighter in color. There we have it. An excellent really gourmet. Your friends are going to like, why are you trying to do this? Secret. Excellent. Fran told me Fran from my French mother-in-law who's family and her and my husband's father's family, French for, you know, back to the Romans type French. So really, really a real type of recipe here. Very fun. There we have it.