 Hello, welcome to DIY it is. Today I've got another video for you and I've got another glossy box here and we're going to decorate it. I'm a member of the glossy box actually so I'll get a lot nearly every year I think once a month and yeah we always get a little nice presents in there. Obviously we're gonna get the box with it. It looks nice but I'm gonna create it just a bit nicer but it's just gonna look a little bit more like I like to have it and yeah you can put ribbons in there and make up in there pens as you can see got some decoration stuff in there and I'm gonna decorate it I'll show you how and what we're gonna do. So you can yeah you can use a box that you might not like the way it looks but I'm gonna use this one. I've got wash tape, different colors. There's like purple like blue, greenish, pinkish colors combined and I've got some tin. Wow it's not tin foil, it looks like tin foil, it's just foil, silver and gold. I almost got like wrapping paper really. And we've got a glue stick and scissors and some pens. Alright we're gonna do the lid first. Part by part with wash tape. It's completely up to if you want to do it like diagonal or from the left to the right top to the bottom. It's completely up to you. You want a strip there? Bit by bit. So next to this one we're gonna do another strip. So it's better to connect it first in the middle and then connect it to the outside. And then paste it all the way. You can do just two strips you don't have to do it completely the other way around but I think I'm gonna do it a little bit more. Alright that looks really nice. I did it one like a V shape so from left to right and then from left upwards. I'll make it all the way around so it looks really cool. I think it will have time but. Alright after a little while I've done the whole lid. I think it looks really cool. It took me a while to do so but it looks amazing. It has a nice colour combination with the actual colour of the box already. So we don't need to do the whole box we want to take. If you can you can. If you prefer then absolutely of course. So we're going to do a little bit of the other bit of paper that we're gonna use. We're gonna make like a little part. That's a very nice heart and what next. I'm gonna trace this onto the foil and then I'm gonna do it onto there. We're gonna glue that to the lid. Alright love on it as you can see. I think it looks really lovely. The colours wash the tape in the actual box nearly the same colour in the way which is really lovely and I like the silver colour which is nearly a mirror on the top. As you said extra bit that doesn't. You can place a label on the side of the box on top of the box to write down what's in the box. You can even divide. We've got more videos about decorating a box so you can see how to decorate the inside of the box. If you have a look onto that. If you enjoyed our video please subscribe to our channel down below for free. It always be the first one to be informed about new videos. We're gonna upload more video for you. So I have a look on our channel. If you've got any questions or any comments write them down below. If you've got any ideas or things that you'd like to see us to make. Let us know as well and we're happy to have a look into that. I really like this box. I hope you enjoyed the video and you're trying it at home as well. Hopefully we'll see you soon and next time I do my ideas. Have a good day. Bye!