 Hey, what's going on guys? John here at DetailKing.com and today I wanted to show you how to properly and efficiently wash your car at a coin car wash. Now if any of you viewers have any tips, we encourage you to put them in the comments below. So to start off, I'm going to show you some of the tools and supplies that you're going to need to wash your car. Either a washment or a sponge, two buckets with lids if you have them, two grit guard inserts, citrus degreaser, tire white well cleaner, and brushes for the wheels and tires. Black cherry car wash soap, a large waffle weave tile, and some microfiber towels. Final touch, a jelly blade, and most importantly, some money. Before you leave, you're going to want to gather up all these supplies and double check to make sure that you have everything. You don't want to forget something at home and have to drive back and get it. This is why we recommend always keeping a caddy or the box with some supplies in it in the back of your trunk. First things first, you're going to want to get your two buckets and place a grit guard insert inside of each bucket. At this point, you now have two options. You can either fill the buckets with water at home and place a gamma sill lid on them and bring them to the car wash, which saves both time and money, or you can bring the empty buckets to the car wash and fill them up here. It's a little bit more money, but it's up to you. We have the dirty bucket water and we fill it the whole way to the top and we have the clean bucket water and we fill it only three-fourths of the way. We'll explain why later. Now I'm going to take the black cherry car wash soap and I'm going to add about one to two ounces to the clean water. One thing that we want to stress is that most car washes do not allow bucket washing and it's extremely frowned upon if there's a line of cars waiting behind you. So pick your car wash and the time that you go carefully. Now another tip is to never use the brush that they offer at the car washes. These brushes are extremely neglected and a lot of people will just throw them on the floor and they'll pick up all that dirt and debris and it'll get onto your paint and scratch your vehicle. A lot of people will just rinse these off and use them, but we recommend that you don't use them at all. Now the next thing that you want to do before washing is just examine your vehicle and make sure that there's nothing wrong with it and everything's working and now you're ready to start washing. Start by rinsing your car and your wheels to get any of that loose dirt or debris off your car. After rinsing you're going to want to clean the wheels first. For this we're going to use our citrus degreaser to spray on the wheel and we're also going to use a combination of three brushes. Our soft grip wheel brush, our cone brush and our lug nut brush. If you're out in the sun, rinse off the wheels right away before the chemicals dry. If you prefer, you can rinse the wheels before cleaning the tires. Once done, we're ready to clean our tires. We're going to be using our tire and white wall cleaner along with our soft grip tire brush. After cleaning rinsing your wheels and tires from top to bottom, then take the water and fill the clean bucket the rest of the way up to the top causing all that car wash soap to foam up. This is why we only filled it three-fourths of the way up. Now that the wheels and tires are clean, we're ready to begin washing the car. Starting from the top of the car, I'm going to work my way from the top to the bottom. Only washing off the mitt in the dirty water bucket, rubbing it against a great card to get any of that dirt off and then back into the clean water to regain soap. If you have a really dirty car, we suggest using two wash mitts, one for the lower portions of your car and one for the upper portions or whatever you prefer. Continue this process on the entire vehicle. Once you have finished washing the car, rinse the vehicle from top to bottom removing all the soap. Also, a great tip for auto detellers, coin car washes are great locations to put advertisements due to the fact that most coin wash users are inexperienced. After washing, I'm going to take my jelly blade and wipe all the water off the car, then wash it off. Now that the vehicle's dry, I'm going to apply our final touch express wax to give it some extra protection. This express wax helps extend the paint protection for about 30 days. It also helps hide any car wash swirls on the paint and makes the paint really shine. So, there you have it. It's just a simple and easy is that. Now once you're finished, make sure you don't leave anything behind before you go home. For a list of all the products that we used in this video, just look right below. So for more information on car washing, visit us right here at DetailKing.com where we have everything you need to keep your car clean like a Detail King. See you guys next time.