 I've probably been getting this request once every couple days. Secret wood ring, and we're going to give it a shot today and see if we can figure it out. So the real trick here is the splintering. I think the rest of it I can do, but the splintering is a bit of a trick. Oh, okay. I tried a number of different methods for the breaking process to try to make it a more organic splinter. I even tried cutting it curfew. Okay, I think I'm overestimating my abilities here. It's clearly not working. Um, let's come up with Plan B. I wonder if cutting the curfew was a mistake. It seems like we almost got too clean a cut there. I'm going to try it again without the curfew. Oh, I think that's better. I think that's better. I think that looks a lot closer to what we actually see in the pictures. I've got my piece of beach. The wood fits in the mold and I've got a good amount exposed at the top here. I've spent like a year learning how to get all the bubbles out of my pores, but this one I want bubbles. So what I'm going to use, I'm going to use my West Systems epoxy. I'm going to add a little blue color. I don't want to add a lot. I just want a little tiny bit. I'm going to really whip this up as fast as I can. Try to whip in some bubbles, just scraping down the sides and the bottom. Got a good mix. Alright, I think we've got a nice color there. That's what we're hoping for. All I'm going to do is walk away from it, come back and see what it looks like tomorrow. Alright, so I was just walking away, but you can see what's happening. The resin is receding into the cracks and crevices here. So what I'm doing is I'm mixing up a batch of clear and I'm going to pour it high. Alright, I really am walking away. Ooh, I think I like the back here. Yeah, I think this is here. It's going to be what I'm aiming for. Alright, I'm going back now. Here's our first cut. I think it's going to be a cool look. Now it feels kind of thick still, but all of them that I've seen, they look really thick. So I will sand it until it starts to feel right. I'm going to refine this shape a little bit more at the bandsaw before moving on. Alright, so I couldn't help myself. I went ahead and cut a second one. I'm definitely wearing my respirator for this. Alright, I think we've got the facets we were looking for and onto hand sanding and then some polishing. This is hand sanding and it's tedious, but if you don't do it, you're not going to get a good product. One 20, one 80, two 40, three 20, four hundred, six hundred, eight hundred. It's just going down the line. Sanding each facet and taking my time. Here we go. This one is fresh off the belt sander and this one here has gone through all the grits. Alright, so here we are after sanding up to 800 grit and you can see we're starting to get an idea of what we're going to be seeing. Now we're going to go on to the polishing stage and I'm going to use my cremesh and my cremesh starts at 1500 and goes through 12,000. Normally for this I would do wet sanding, but since I've got the wood here I'm going to have to do it dry, which is fine, it just takes a little longer. One thing I have noticed with the foam pads is actually rounding over some of the facets. I wish I had known that ahead of time. I would have bought them without the foam. Still really pretty. I'm going to go ahead and use a little plastic polish next and hopefully take this to 11. Some plastic polish and I've got this Dremel-like tool with just a buffing attachment. Oh yeah, I think we did great. Might take on the secret wood rings. And I don't know that this is the process that they use. I think that it's probably something similar. Super pleased with how they came out. They've got great depth and interest and they are striking in their own right. They're just really cool looking. And I should also note that I truncated the sanding process between starting to sand on the belt sander to getting to 800 grit was a two hour process. It takes a long time. Now from what I've seen on their website, the prices are more than justified just in the labor involved in making these. But if you have interest in making these yourself, then I hope that this video shows you the steps that you'd need and the materials that you'd need to go through and do that process. And I put a link down in the description for most of those materials. I'm officially considering this episode a dip in, even though it doesn't say so in the title. If you liked this video, please share it. That always helps me out. And I will catch you guys next time.