 Hey, it's Dave Wheeler and we are testing out the life hack. Maybe you've seen it on the internet that toothpaste supposedly can clean a headlight? Is this true? Well, we are going to test it out today. What you'll need first is some toothpaste. You'll need whether it's rag or paper towels and you'll need some warm water to rinse. So let's head outside and try this out. So these are the headlights. We're going to test out on one of our vehicles in the parking lot. You can see it's kind of dirty. Like you see headlights all the time completely fogged up. Obviously it's a little clearer down here, but it gets a little dirty up there. So we're going to test it out on this one. All right, so you see we have some of the toothpaste on the paper towel. Just going to kind of smear it a little bit in there. And honestly, you just kind of apply it and rub it into the headlight. You don't have to wet the headlight first. I haven't read that anywhere is online, but you kind of just wipe it in the headlight. See, just kind of apply it all over the headlight. I think I need just a little bit more. Oh, look at that. We are getting some dirt on the paper towel that was expected. The next step is you just use regular water. I chose to go with warm water because I figured it'd be a little bit better. I always recommend warm water and all sorts of stuff. And you're supposed to just pour it on the light. I'm going to pour a little on the paper towel as well, because I think that'll probably wipe it off a little bit better. But just like brushing your teeth, you just rinse it right off. I'm going to pour a little on this towel here. Oh, that's hot water. That wasn't warm water. And you just kind of scrub it off. And honestly, I was a non-believer of this. And this is a billion times cleaner I've ever seen. We'll do a quick comparing contrast to this headlight right here. So it is pretty dirty. Correct? Right. Let's go look at the clean one. Clean. Clean. 100% better. And I'm just going to wipe it off just to give it the real final test. I read online you can let it sit there for a while and let it soak in a little bit more. But I'm testing one blog I found in particular that said you just kind of don't let it sit. It does look a lot cleaner. And you can smell the toothpaste. So I went back and did the second headlight. And the trick was this time I let the toothpaste sit on for about five minutes and I scrubbed it off. And it looks dramatically a lot better. So maybe the trick is to actually let the toothpaste sit there for a few extra minutes. So it turns out the toothpaste can actually clean off the headlight. Who would have knew? I would recommend if you do this at home, maybe leave the toothpaste on a little bit longer than we did. We did it real quick the first time around. The second headlight we let it sit for like five minutes. I would suggest letting it sit on the headlight for maybe 10 to 15 minutes. But there's so many different things across the internet that give you advice on it. You can choose whatever you want to follow. But this definitely this life hack will save you cash, save you time, and make you safer out on the road.