 You stay right there because I'm doing the show day. You got that! Half a day everyone. Today I'm going to show you how to make crab salad that we make in Guam. If you give me a minute I'll be right back and I'll show you how to prepare it. Okay everyone, so the ingredients we'll be using today, 1-8 ounce of imitation crab meat, 1-10 ounce package of broccoli, 1-1-1-1 half cup of mayonnaise, 1-1-1-1 quarter teaspoon of black pepper, 1-1-1 quarter teaspoon of garlic powder, and 1-1-1-8 teaspoon of salt. So the first thing that we're going to do is chop up our crab meat and so let me go get my knife and we'll be back. Alright next step everyone is I finally chopped up some of the crab meat. I have a little bit left. I'm going to finally chop up this crab meat. You can cut it up as fine as you like. You can either use the sticks of the imitation crab meat or you can get the chunks of crab meat. So I prefer really like the chunks. So it's finally chopped up. So the next step I'm going to do is I'm going to put the crab meat into the bowl. So next I'm going to put the broccoli in the bowl with the crab meat. This is going to be so good everyone. This is a great side dish to make with rice chicken. Oranguam, one of our favorite dishes is chicken kcalaguan and red rice and I can definitely show you how to make that later on. So the next step we're going to do, we have our 1 cup of mayonnaise but so far we're just going to use a half cup and then add more mayonnaise as needed. We want our crab and broccoli salad to have a great texture in it. And so if we look and see that it looks dry that's when we know we need to add more. And you definitely want this to sit in the refrigerator to get cool a couple hours before it's served. It's going to be nice and chilled. So I want to add a little bit more. I'm going to add the quarter teaspoon of black pepper and then we're going to stir it, stir it up a little bit. Then I'm going to add the garlic powder. Oh it's looking so good. And then we're going to add the eighth teaspoon of salt. I'm going to keep on stirring to make sure that everything is mixed in evenly. And so I'm going to finish mixing this up and I'll be back. I finished the broccoli and crab salad. It looks amazing and next I'm going to do a taste tester and see how it tastes. Oh this is so amazing. So until next time, Adios everyone. Thank you.