 Hello, I'm Dominic and in this video we're gonna go over the basics of how to ship a semi-trucks transmission I apologize beforehand but the best way to do this is to take you guys with me in the truck which makes for shaky video footage an terrible sound quality especially in this truck but I don't want you guys nervous out here not around me I hauled a giant bomb Siri, I hauled 16,000 gallons of propane the basics of shifting these trucks is extremely simple and once you get the hang of it it's really easy it's probably harder for me than anyone else because I can't even see over the dashboard there's more common types of transmissions, automatics which have the other three types of common transmissions you have a 10 speed basic, a 13 speed and a 18 speed transmission basically a 10 speed is most commonly used for motor-to-road use and you'll have a different gear ratio meaning if it's 70 miles an hour you'll probably be at 1325 RPM when you get into a 13 and an 18 speed usually around 65 here at 1500 RPM you can change your gear ratio, most of them come that way a 13 speed is usually used for a hauling heavy weight an 18 speed is also usually used for hauling heavy weight but you can go from high and low range gears in low range we'll get to that which an 18 speed would most commonly be better for like hilly areas and maybe off road where you're going to be going slow and up a hill with a heavy load that you would need to split the particular gear that you're in in low range this will all make sense shortly this beast of a truck I'm driving has an 18 speed transmission so that's when we're going to have to go on from the one good piece of advice that I can give you is no need to be in a big hurry you're going to put too much wear and tear on the truck and use too much fuel and you're not going to get there any quicker it'll cost you more money in the long run to beat the truck up than to just be gentle this truck is a Michigan special for those of you that don't know or have never even seen any of the trucks in Michigan our weight limit is 80,000 pounds, it's 164,000 pounds so we have multi-axles, my trailer has six axles on it when I've loaded I weigh a combination of 132,000 pounds therefore I need an 18 speed of 13 or more you don't really have hills in Michigan, you've got some bumpy roads a lot of you probably already know how to shift a manual transmission of a car or a pickup truck the reason why you're watching this video is because you're either curious to know how to shift this semi-truck or you know that it's different than a car a semi-truck transmission is unsynchronized which basically means if the truck's run up the clutch is spinning you could have the brake set, the shifter had no trouble if that motor's run up that clutch is spinning which means double clutching you need to get through your road test does any of these truck drivers out here do what I have for their passenger road test? I don't really think so I'm gonna go with no in order to get my semi-truck into gear to take off your clutch has a brake on it when you push your clutch pedal all the way to the floor you'll feel a brake, it'll start to feel like a brake pedal that's because there's actually a brake on the clutch itself so you push that pedal down and then you ease into that brake that way you don't smash the pads against the spinning clutch you ease it to a stop and then you can get the truck to go into gear so you get that push clutch pedal all the way down turns into a brake allows you to get the shifter to go into gear when you're taking it off it's usually second gear, usually second gear even loaded when you release a clutch pedal in a semi-truck it's different than a car you do not give it gas and ease the clutch out at the same time a clutch on a semi-truck has a coating on it and if you do that you will burn that coating and the plates will stick together and then your whole basket will be engaged when you let out of the clutch and your truck will just dump into gear it will pull into gear, it'll dump into gear and if you're loaded and you're out of hill, you'll stall so don't beat your clutch up you always just ease that clutch pedal out and then you get out of the accelerator all right, I'm currently off loading I can see everything in my mirror we've gone over everything except for how to work this litter so I'm going to show you how a transmission is gated for a semi-truck this would be a 10 speed this is a 18 speed okay, they're both the same gate what I mean by that is reverse because up here, reverse is up here you have this gear, that gear, that gear, that gear, that gear reverse, this gear, that gear, that gear, that gear, that gear see what I mean they're the same and a 10 speed your first gear is over here below reverse and then second gear, third gear, fourth gear, fifth gear this splitter here puts you into your higher gears like 6, 7, 8, 9, and 10 and 18 speed is primarily exactly the same is a 13 speed this splitter here is a high and a low for each one of your gears, see I have first gear high and low now on a 13 speed, 1, 2, 3, and 4 this does not do anything you can't split your lower gears on a 13 speed, on an 18 speed you can split each one of your gears, you can split first gear from low to high, second gear from low to high, and so on all the way up to what would be 18th this is a low range gear meant for say your trailer lost air pressure and you were stranded on the side of the road but you weren't fully on the shoulder you might want to go to low gear to tug that trailer over under the shoulder you count that gear to make the 18th speed in other words, 1 and 2, 3 and 4, 5 and 6, 7 and 8 9 and 10, 11 and 12, 13 and 14, 15 and 16, 17 and 18 I'm going to call it an 8 speed because you're really only shifting an H pattern to shift a 13 or an 18 speed if you look at the top of it, you have 1, 2, 3 and 4 each one has a high and a low hold back that is in low, pushed forward that is in high let's sink in for a second most of these trucks most 18 speeds this truck has 355 years I'm not going to actually go into the high range of any of my lower gears so 1 through 4 I'll just go 1, 2, 3, 4 and then I'll pre-load this splitter and what I mean by pre-loading is I still have my foot on the pedal and I'm still accelerating but I'll flip this up and then when I ease off my pedal it'll allow the shifter to go into neutral and then I'll bring it over to put it into 5th gear so now I'm going into the high range of gears and I'll lift into high when it hits neutral and then as my RPMs drop because I don't have my foot on the throttle it'll suck into 5th gear so I'll have this up and I'll be in 5th gear now now if I'm empty I will not split 5th gear in the high so I'll go from 5th to 6th and then I'll rev it up to about 1500 RPMs and I'll pre-load this selector to put 6th gear into high and then I'll ease off from the throttle and it will just drop the RPMs and put it in that gear and then I can ease back out of the throttle and I'll be in 6th gear and then I'll rev it up to about 1500 RPMs and I'll pre-load it by pulling it back into low but I still have my foot on the pedals so there's still pressure on the transmission and then I'll ease off from the throttle and I'll put it into neutral and then as the RPMs drop it'll slide into what would be 7th gear low range and then I'll rev it up to 1500 and I'll pre-load it and then I'll ease off my accelerator and it will shift into its high range and then I'll ease back onto it and then I'll pre-load it again by pulling it back into low range I'll ease off my accelerator I'll let back into neutral as it allows itself to fall in and then as RPMs drop it'll go into 8th speed and then I'll rev it up to 1500 and I'll push the selector into high gear and then I'll ease off from the throttle and then I'll shift into what would be 18th speed or a high I might want to watch it a couple of times when I'm done offloading I'm going to do some shifting videos so you guys will get to watch my video so you guys will get to watch me do it I really wish I could show you my accelerator because like I said for smooth shifts you have to use a smooth accelerator you have to ease out of the pedal and I mean like ease out of it especially in a truck like this this truck is like 650 horsepower it's somewhere around like 2200 pounds of torque somewhere in there it's made for a haul and heavy weight so you don't want to be at like 50 pounds of boost and just let out of your throttle because your inner cooler tubes will actually pop right off and then your turbo's not doing anything at that point because you broke the you broke the air system that it needs to build pressure listen to the sound as I shift but I'm actually only using about a 10th of the pedal until I get higher up in my years when I get to around 15 speed I might use half my pedal and then it depends if I'm picking up speed to get on the inner state I'll use a little bit more to try to get up to speed when I get on the inner state really hope this video will I believe it will because a lot of the videos I've seen on YouTube with people trying to explain it some sort of rocket science scientist because even I don't get what they're saying and I know how to do it so I think that if you guys watch this video a couple of times it'll sink right in no matter what just make it look easy I'm going to go to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the do whatever or go the the the the the the the the the to pressure off from the clutch. Now I'm pushing my clutch in and rolling down to where I can put it into second. I pre-loaded it. Now we're in fifth gear, but I'm not gonna split that one. See now I can already split it, let off the throttle, it shifts it. And now I'm gonna rev it up and pull it back, still on the throttle. Oh, kind of missing gear. I think it had too many things. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. I'm gonna have to go back and pull it back. David Davis David Davis That switch right there this is for my lift axles. so this is for my lift axles. And now we're gonna run ر up to tan stan tum and see here where the bilmiyorum rims pit to the left are for my lift axles. And remember like I said, easing out of your throttle is how you get finesse. I pre-loaded that. We're past 1500. I eased out of the pedal. It shifts itself. When you let all the way out of the pedal, the RPM will drop. You just went into high range. No one coming. I like this ramp because I have all this time to get this thing up to speed. And that's 18th gear. I actually really, really, really, really like my job. So it's cool. I sure hope it doesn't get cold on the way home though because these roads will be a disaster.