 Hey YouTube, one and a next right here. Today I'm going to be showing you how to change brake pads on a 2002 Landzer. 2002 Mishibishi Lancer. What you need is a jack obviously. A new brake pad, new brake pad loop, a C-clamp, a socket wrench with a 15mm and 17mm plugs and a sleeveless shirt. First thing you want to do is jack up the car. The second thing you need to do is loosen the lug nuts on your tires once those are off. Now after your big friend has broken these bolts open, 17 on the top, 15 on the bottom. Just start to loosen them. Now once you loosen these up they should come out about an inch. It's pulling out. Look something like that. This bottom one is usually firmer than the top one, except in this case. And then you should be able to pull the caliper right off. brake pads will start to fall left and right. Except for that one. Set the caliper up here and you're ready for the next step. Well there's your problem. Next thing you want to do is apply some of this brake loop onto the back of the pads. Spray it out evenly. Do not but it come into contact with your skin. Use something like a piece of paper like we're using or the instructions that we believe we didn't read because we didn't need to. We're using the instructions. We're not using instructions. We wear sleeveless shirts. Yeah we do. Boom snap quite. Slide the pad in there. Get the notches lined up. With the back green loop out obviously. Snap it on in there. So much for not letting it come contact with skin. It's more coming in contact with dirt. Sure, I agree. That's man hands. That's a helper hand. All right then you come around the back. Same thing. Push it on in there. Come around the snap. Get both. Have you got any new pads? Once you get the piston compressed, even up the lip. You can see clamp off. Take a caliper. Got to break plans. Metal piece. Once you got that metal piece in place, slide your caliper over. Compress this rubber on top, on the bottom. Slide the bolts back even with it. Just top bolt. Push it on through. Hold it in place. Just bottom bolt. Push it back on through. These bolts snug with your fingers. Get your ratchet back on there. Tighten them down pretty good. Again, the bottom one is 15mm. The top is 17mm. Come on. Congratulations. New brake pads are now installed. All you need to do is put your tire back on. It should be good to go. Ninja. How would you do? I still think Vikings can reap those reflexes. Vikings don't need reflexes though. They do in the up against them. Have you ever watched how a trainer dragon? Really? Did that movie some jit? I think so. First step is to loosen the lug nuts on your tire. Which you go to the left? The first thing you want to do is loosen the lug nuts on your tire. The first thing you want to do is loosen the lug nuts on your tire. This should be four of them on this year. Cut. You're not ready for the next step then. Hey, hit that subscribe button. This fudge is going where the sun don't shine.