 Hi, today I'm going to show you how to harvest my chocolate mint. I've got quite a few runners coming up and so it is spreading a little bit. I'm happy about that I want it to fill in this area and have a nice little bushover here. So right now I'm just going to show you what to do. Basically you're going to want to find a spot that's about an inch above the ground level. So it's about right here and I'm just going to pinch it right above that set of leaves and so I have a piece. It's not real big yet. It's still growing. It's still a pretty new plant but I'm definitely going to use what we've got so far and then I'll keep going. With some of the runners like this one here doesn't have roots coming up just yet but some of the other ones have. Let's see if I can find one for you. Okay it's going to make a layer out of me but there are some that are coming up with these runner vines that are coming out like this and they're just going to wait for the main plant. This plant was about a third of the size when we started it and so I'll go ahead and do our drip line out of the way and I will keep harvesting. And again just about an inch above ground level is where you want to do so. So once I've done this I'm going to dry it and then I'll have it for tea and hopefully this will help also going to propagate it to grow a little bit more. So that's another reason to trim it back and make sure you're using it. So I'm going to link this right here. It's already been snipped once here and it did kind of start going in different directions. So I'm going to leave that one for right now and just kind of leave it as the center of the plant. And you can see where I've trimmed back there's a lot of smaller leaves already that are going to get bigger and start coming up and so they'll fill in those spots that I just trim back. Okay so now I'm going to go ahead and harvest the leaves off of stems. So these are the chocolate mint that I brought inside. You can pick them off just leaf by leaf. And these I've been lightly washed and then padded dry and I'll just leave them on this screen right here to through finishing for the drying process for a couple days. I'm not in a big hurry to have these dry. You could do it in a dehydrated or if you wanted to or in a really low setting in an oven. You just keep going through each individual stem. You can also hang dry the stems upside down like this. And then once they're dry you can strip the leaves off. Basically you would start at the top here and then come up behind the leaves and just strip it down like that. You can do it when it is fresh like this. However it can also take some of the stem off with it as you pull it down. It has more of a tendency to rip and tear than it does when they're dry. But either way is fine. It's really personal preference. So if you are interested in more videos like this please leave me a comment. Let me know. Make sure to subscribe and like the video and then check out my blog handmade by christen. blogspot.com. And you can also check out my Twitter account links in the description. Thanks for watching.