 Hi, I'm Steve Walker from Walkers One Shot. Today I'm going to show you how to make the greatest tasting Caesar, a consistent tasting Caesar. We'll first start off with the traditional Caesar. That's what you see in most restaurants, what most bartenders do. So we'll start off by doing this with the lemon juice, add your rumour, and in most bars of restaurants, obviously we're going to add your ice. They never seem that enough ice. I don't know why that is. Then they'll add a spirit, typically they use vodka, a little bit of vodka. Then they add a three squirts of Worcester Sires sauce, a little bit of Tabasco, they'll add their plumato juice, and they add their dash salt and pepper, this is a mix. Of course, like most traditional Caesar's, they add their celery and steaming. And there you go, now you've got your traditional tasting Caesar. That Caesar was made backwards. We'll show you how to make the perfect tasting Caesar, consistent, not like in a restaurant when you order your first Caesar. At first Caesar tastes great, the second one sometimes doesn't always taste the same. With Walker's lunch I always get a consistent tasting Caesar, not only that packed with flavor. So we start off same way. Lemon juice, rum and glass. We use Mason jars. First of all, if you look cool, we'll add the ice. Again, key important ingredient to great tasting Caesar is always adding lots of ice. There we go. Next we add our spirit. You can choose the spirit of your liking. Again, we'll use vodka for this, but if you want to use gin, tequila, rum, whiskey, whatever you prefer. In a Walker's one shot Caesar doesn't matter what spirit you use, because at the end of the day you should never really taste the alcohol, you should be tasting your Caesar. Next we're going to add our clam juice. We're going to fill that right there. Now, here comes the magic. This is what makes your consistent tasting Caesar. Always shake Walker's one shot very well. It's important. We add Walker's one shot to the top. There's your Caesar right there. That's how easy that was. So we eliminated the process of adding the more chest-ciar sauce, Tabasco, the salt, the pepper. We'll garnish ours with a lovely jumbo shrimp. We'll add a pickle, a little bit of jidisote, and there you go. You have the greatest tasting Caesar from Walker's one shot. That's how easy it is. So if you follow these simple seven steps, you'll never have an issue making a great tasting Caesar. I'm Steve Walker from Walker's one shot. Here's to the best and greatest tasting Caesar. Visit us at walkersone shot.com. Cheers and have a great day.