 Hey YouTube, if you're anything like me, when you're really busy, you get a bit relaxed on keeping your clothes organized and in order. And if you live in a small space, it doesn't take that much time for things to get out of hand. This week, I thought I'd make a video showing how I get back on track with reorganizing my clothes and accessories, bringing order back to this chaotic mess. It's two parts, one for my clothes and the second video is for my accessories, so let's get started. So here are my drawers. Oh my god, you guys, I am so embarrassed. They look like they're about to explode. Well, they look like they did explode. So I like to start by removing everything out of the drawer. Usually I just dump it somewhere. Yes, guys, that is a shoe box. I will explain that in just a bit. I give it a quick wipe down, just because it's better to start with a clean slate, right? Also, I use these drawer organizers. They are great for helping you just kind of get some organization to this mess that I started off with. I typically use two for my bras, one for regular plain bras, and then another one for bras that have a bit more detail or different fabric that I can't wear with every top. So I will have two different ones for that. I also will include in this little section any like little clips, or here I have a bag with straps that I will kind of tuck in this little pouch. I got this pouch from Victoria Security, came with one of the bras, one of my strapless bras, so I just throw all my straps in there and just tuck it in the back there so it's out of the way. The little DIY is if you don't have these drawer organizers, you can simply use a shoe box. You don't have to actually go out and buy these organizers. I have a shoe box here. What I do is I separate my underwear based on type, so I have regular underwear and then thongs and another. I simply just roll them up. I find that it's easier to see them and place them in the drawer that way, but I've been doing this for years and it's just kind of routine for me. Thongs obviously are a little harder to roll up, but I just kind of do a little thing and throw them in there, whatever. So here is the final layout. It just makes me so happy in the morning when I go to open up my drawer and everything's just so nice and neat and tidy. And you say to yourself, it will never get that way again. Yeah, and then it does. But the other sections, I just fold up my night gowns, some robes that I have little nighties and put them in this area. This little corner over here, I fold up my swimsuit, my goggles, and my swim cap. It's just really handy to have everything right there ready to go on my way out to the gym. Moving right along to the next drawer, where my tops are. So I arrange my drawers kind of working my way down the body, starting with underwear, then tops, bottoms, socks, miscellaneous, you get the idea. So I stack my tops by how I would wear them. So if I wear it to sleep or to the gym, that's typically how I stack them, no matter if it's long sleeves, short sleeves, get a strap, etc. I'm to do a little clothes maintenance. I don't know if it's just me, but I've noticed tops have like eight tags on them nowadays, so in the way. So yeah, time to cut those loose. This dress I have no idea where it came from. That's just how unorganized my drawers had gotten. Real bad, y'all. Real bad. Next are my bottoms. And I use the same method of separating out every item of clothing or every stack. I should say the same way I did my tops. So all of my workout gear will be in one stack, regardless if it's shorts or capris or long leggings that will be in one stack. I also have sweatshirts in this drawer. I absolutely love this sweatshirt. I graduated from the University of Oklahoma, so I am definitely a sooner fan. When you're living in a small space, you don't have the luxury of having each drawer for a specific type of clothing. You have to kind of, um, throw them all in there. Here's what it looks like when I'm finished. You have sweatshirts, sweatpants, then I'm placing my gym pants in there, also sleepwear. And I have, I've also included skirts, like the body-con skirts that I get from like each knit or for every 21 those are in there as well. Oh my god guys, I absolutely hate this drawer. I don't even want to do it. Okay, I can do it. I can do it. I can do it. I separate my socks into two categories. One, it's like for my footies, thicker socks that I don't typically wear with shoes. I wear them mostly around the house just to keep my feet warm. So those blue socks, they were actually handing them out at an event and I can have three or four a pair. I am so terrible but can you really blame me they were free? And then the second category are the socks that I would wear with my shoes, also tights and leggings and stockings and all that stuff. So this drawer is kind of random. I also have a, what I call a miscellaneous pouch. So just loose items all in one place. Have my sports bras, swimsuits, cover-ups, swimsuits like bikinis, random t-shirts that I don't wear in a travel pillow. So that's pretty much it for how I organize my chest of drawers. I really hope you found it helpful. I have another video on how I organize my accessories so stay tuned. If you like to see more videos like this, please, please let me know by dropping a comment below giving it a thumbs up or subscribing. All three would be amazing. I'll also be uploading a room tour video really soon so subscribe so you can actually see when that's uploaded. You can also check out more tips at my blog. That's www.flat54block.co.uk. Great ideas tips on how to maximize space. So thank you so much for watching and I really appreciate all the support and have a great day.