 We want to make sure you get the most out of your new Vax 1700 watt pressure washer, so in this video we walk you through all the basics about your machine and how to use it in the best way when cleaning outdoors. We'll also tell you how to keep your pressure washer in great working order for a long time to come. If you still have any questions, feel free to reach us on Facebook or Twitter or give us a call. Your pressure washer comes with quite a few different parts, so we'll very quickly explain what everything is before you show you how to assemble. The main thing we have here is the pressure hose. This will connect your machine to this, the trigger handle. Through this hose, the water will travel from your machine and out through the handle. Your lance connects to the end of the trigger handle and allows the water to travel through with higher pressure and greater power. Your pressure washer comes with two different nozzles for you to connect to your lance. This is the jet nozzle, which you will probably use most often. It's best suited for cleaning cars and wooden surfaces such as decking and fencing. This is the turbo nozzle, which you will notice has a small single hole and the word turbo engraved on the side. When you use this, it will create a high powered circular stream of water. Because it's very powerful, it's perfect for cleaning masonry. However, it shouldn't be used on delicate or painted surfaces such as car exteriors. Along with your nozzles, you will also have one of these, a nozzle cleaning tool. This is for cleaning the small holes within your nozzle if they become clogged. If you want to apply detergent, you can attach this solution bottle to your lance. This will allow detergent to be gently dispersed and will give you an extra cleaning boost. So that's an overview. Let's assemble. It's really quick and easy and there's only one thing to do. Make sure you don't connect your water or electricity just yet. First of all, attach both wheels. Push until they both click into place. Attach the one end of your pressure hose into the metal water outlet at the front of your machine. You will need to hold the pressure hose in place and twist the collar clockwise to tighten. You then need to attach the other end of the pressure hose to your trigger handle. Before you do this, make sure the safety lock on your handle is engaged. To attach, press the hose release button inwards and push the connector in firmly. Once connected, disengage the hose release button and gently pull to ensure it is tightly secured. You can now attach your lance to the trigger handle. To do this, push the lance firmly into the handle and twist clockwise to lock into position. You'll notice the sides of the lance connection appear in the side holes of the trigger handle. To attach a nozzle, press the release button on the end of the lance inwards and push the nozzle in until you hear a click. Release the button and gently pull the nozzle to make sure it's locked into place before use. If you want to apply detergent when cleaning, you will need to fill the solution application bottle with detergent and attach onto the lance until you hear a click. It's worth gently pulling the bottle to make sure it's securely connected before use. All you need to do to apply is squeeze the trigger as normal. Your next step is to secure the end of your hose pipe to the machine, making sure the water supply is not yet turned on. Firmly connect your water hose pipe into the water inlet at the back of the machine. You can now connect the hose pipe to the water supply and turn the water supply on. Before plugging the machine in, disengage the safety button on the trigger handle and squeeze the trigger until water starts to flow. Select the power cord and switch the machine on. You'll notice it will run for a few seconds then stop, but no water will be released. You're now ready to clean outdoors. Let's show you how to do a few things. To clean your car most effectively, we suggest working from the top of your car downwards and using the following steps. The first stage of cleaning your car requires rinsing with water only. Attach the jet nozzle to the end of your lance and give your car a thorough rinse. Stand about a metre away when cleaning. The next stage of cleaning involves treating the surface. Attach the detergent field bottle to the end of your lance and apply detergent generously. Pay particular attention to high traffic dirt areas and apply more detergent where necessary. Once you have soaked your car, you can effectively remove dirt and grime. Reattach the jet nozzle to the end of your lance and working from the top downwards. Spray to remove dirt. Stand closer to apply more pressure where you need to. But be careful of delicate areas such as tyre walls and mirrors. For best results, your pressure washer is also compatible with a range of specialist tools available to purchase, which will help you clean your car. Tackle extra dirty areas such as alloy wheels or car grills with the 360-degree rotary brush, or agitate tough dirt from the more sensitive surfaces such as car doors and mirrors using the specially designed car brush. Once you've removed all dirt, the last stage is to rinse your car. Thoroughly rinse your car until it is free of all detergent and the water appears clear. You should now have a dirt and grime free car. To give your patio and paving the best clean, we suggest working from the furthest point in wood. The first stage of cleaning involves rinsing. Attach the jet nozzle to the end of your lance and give your patio or paving a thorough rinse. Using this nozzle, you can also blast away any loose debris from the surface, such as leaves. Stand about a metre away when cleaning. The next stage of cleaning involves treating the surface. Attach the detergent field bottle to the end of your lance and apply detergent to your patio or paving generously. Pay particular attention to high traffic dirt areas and apply more detergent where necessary. Once you've treated the surface, you can now effectively remove dirt and grime. Attach the high powered turbo nozzle to the end of your lance and blast away the dirt. You can stand closer to apply more pressure where you need to. For quicker results, your pressure washer is also compatible with a range of tools available to purchase. The patio brush, a large circular enclosed brush, allows easier, concentrated area cleaning and is great for scrubbing whilst spraying, helping you clean your patio even more efficiently. Once you've removed all dirt, the last stage is to rinse away the dirty water. You can apply the standard jet nozzle and thoroughly rinse your patio until it's free of all dirt and detergent and the water appears clear. Once you've finished cleaning, you want to store your pressure washer away. If you use the solution bottle during your clean, we recommend you rinse this to prevent any build-up of residues. Before storing, make sure your machine is switched off, the power is disconnected and the water supply is turned off. To avoid retaining water however, make sure you squeeze the trigger to ensure all water is released. Remove any nozzles by pressing the release button at the end of the lance and pulling the nozzle away gently. To remove the pressure hose from the trigger handle, press the hose release button and disconnect. Remove the lance from the trigger handle by firmly pressing the lance downwards and twisting anti-clockwise until loose. To remove the pressure hose from the water inlet, twist the collar of the pressure hose anti-clockwise, then pull away. Your pressure washer is fitted with a high spec aluminium pump to prevent cracks and breaks. However, it's still important to make sure your machine contains no water to prevent freezing and frost damage. If your lance or nozzles become blocked, you can insert the nozzle cleaning tool into the end of the lance and nozzles to remove any dirt or debris. Your machine also has a water filter which you should maintain periodically. To access the water filter, unscrew the water inlet connector and remove. To remove the water filter, pinch the inner tap with pliers and gently pull. To clean the filter, rinse under fresh running water.