 Hello my friend. I think you need a water. Did you bring me a water? I did. Thank you Angel. You're very welcome. We're talking about fantastic water bottles. Not just water bottles, beverage bottles. 4,000 ordered in the show already. Last time and only time we had this on the air, what happened? Filled out. Every single one tonight we introduced four brand new color combinations. We had this on earlier in the show, but it was in the first hour of the show. Many of you maybe weren't tuned in at that point. You are now. So now it's your chance to get a look at it and to go shopping for it. We're talking about Manavogue, a set of two 17 ounce double wall stainless steel water bottles. Miss Melissa, these are amazing because they keep cold beverages cold up to do they take cold up to 24 hours and they caught up to 12 days. Fantastic and that's because of one thing. Man of hydration is known for so it's very important to keep your mind body and spirit intact. And a good way to do that is by really making sure you're taking care of your hydration and your body. What better way to do it than with a man of hydration bottle? You're not worrying about a plastic water bottle. You're able to put it in here, keep your cold cold, keep your hot hot, and you're able to do that, David. Thanks to this, the stainless steel double wall construction, the outside of the vessel. It's also lined with copper lining. So because of that, it's going to keep your cold for up to 24 hours and your hot for up to 12 hours. And then we have this great locking lid right here that actually traps in the heat and it traps in the cold. And because of this, it gives a nice airtight seal. So it will keep the hot hot and the cold cold. And best of all, it's not going to leak all over your purse, all over your car. If it rolls out of the cup holder, it's so great. And then condensation free. It's not going to ruin your furniture if you place it on top. Exactly. And we've got color choices and you're getting two with whatever color choice you go with. This is called the red ombre. One of them is red. The other is the beautiful ombre. And we have fewer than 600 left in this choice. This is blue ombre where one is blue. The other is the ombre. So pretty. Stone and ice. I think that's my new favorite. Pink and rose. Or maybe that one. I know right? Or did you just the brand new vintage pink. So fun. We also have it for you in blue floral. Yes. New is what? Brand new. Also brand new is our black stainless choice. Then green marble. Also brand new. My boys call that the unicorn one. Do they really? Oh, that's funny. Then we've got it for you in the purple marble. Purple marble is our most popular. From there we move over to, I believe this is blue marble. It is. From blue marble, we have black marble. This is the one I bought the last time it was on the year. Very popular. We have red wood. And is this one called oakwood? That's our oakwood. That's right. Beautiful. 40, 300 ordered in the show. Wow. Everybody taking advantage of it. Please don't miss out on this as we continue to be very, very busy. $19.98 for two of these. Yeah, it's not amazing. I mean, the fact that you're able to get that for under $20 truly is amazing. And it's going to keep your cold for up to 24 hours. Your hot for up to 12 hours. And it's because of the stainless steel can double wall construction lined with the lining of copper. So it can really conduct that heat and conduct that cold to make sure that it's going to keep your beverages the perfect temperature. And then this great innovative locking top right here. It's simply take this. You're going to screw the top on. And it's going to trap in all of the heat, trap in all the cold. And the best part is it truly, it doesn't leak. It's BPA free. It has, it's made out of all great materials. So you don't have to worry about that. You're not worried about harming the environment. It's good for your body. It's perfect for the gym, David, because it keeps those ice tubes cold when you're drinking that water. You want it nice and cold? Perhaps you're a yoga person. I am not. But perhaps you are a yoga person. And you take it to that thing called hot yoga. Don't understand hot yoga. It sounds disturbing. But if you enjoy it, I would imagine that a cold beverage after hot yoga is most welcomed. Yes. You know, my idea of hot yoga is sitting in a hot car waiting on the air conditioner to kick in. What I'm talking about. This is K4604 to write, Jameer. Come on now. Going a roulette, 700 degrees and sweat. I don't believe so. $19. I mean, God bless if you do. I'm not going to criticize. I'm just saying I couldn't do it myself. All right. This is K46042. As is so often the case, I have ventured off the path. OK. Let's get back on the road. Over 5,000 of these are gone now. We're very, very busy. Everybody loving that I, that I can enjoy my beverages, no matter where I am, whether they're hotter cold. Is that milk? It is, David. My little boys, they went through a phase where they wanted to have milk all the time in their lunchbox. As well, typically you worry about putting milk in a lunchbox and being in a locker all day and then making its way to the lunch table. But with matahydration, I know that it's going to keep it cold. I know that it's going to be fresh so they can enjoy milk at their lunch, which it's great. It also works for soups. First day of school, eighth grade, one of my twin daughters, 13 Chloe, she packed her up. She can tour to you's soup in this and was able to enjoy it hot at lunch. She said it was still piping hot when she had it. My kids all have these on their bedside tables. I don't worry about it ruining the furniture. They have them right here on the sides of their backpacks. Chloe has one on the side of her backpack right here to get her through the school day. And then she has another one for her soccer practice after school. And they're both kept completely cold. And I know that it's going to really hydrate them the way that they need it. Now, she does something I wouldn't have thought about. It's taking both of them and putting them on the side of the backpacks. So that way your kids have something cool to drink all day long. Not because so many of them are doing something after school. Maybe they're at dance. Maybe they're at ball practice. What if the case may be? This is K 46042. We continue to be very, very busy. Let's go through our color choices again. Reminding you on this side. We'll come over here and show you red ombre. 500 left to the red ombre. Here's blue ombre. I've got stone and ice. Very, very popular tonight. Don't miss out on these pink and rose. Here's your vintage pink. Now, this is brand new tonight. Brand new. Never have done the vintage pink before. And look at that gorgeous pink floral pattern. This is blue floral. Also brand new. Here we are in black stainless. Customary request. Also green marble, which has been very popular tonight and brand spanking new. I love that one. We also have it for you in purple marble. Most popular. And only 100 remain. This is blue marble. And this one is black marble. This is the one that I own. Here it is in red wood. And I've got it for you in oak wood. 6100 of these are now gone. This is K 46042. 6100 in this show alone. Everyone is loving this portable beverage idea. Because just because Labor Day is coming on doesn't mean it's not still hot out. And you're sending kids out to the school bus. Maybe it's a little bit chillier in the morning. But by mid morning, by lunchtime, by after school, it's summertime again. And it's going to be until sometime in October when it starts to cool off in many parts of the country. So this is why you want to take advantage of this now. Get yours while you can. Enjoy for under $20. Not one of these Elizabeth, but two. Two. Now, think about this. If you're going to maybe one of those outdoor concerts. Oh, I know. Oh, yeah. Where you bring your own, you know, beverages and your wine and cheese. Maybe you're going to the outdoor amphitheater and you're listening to a great autumn concert. Yeah. Maybe they're doing maybe one of those out fun outdoor movies. They show outside at night and the community comes together. Wouldn't that be fun? You paint such a picture. I wish I was there now. These are the kinds of things you want to bring your beverages with. Right? They are. All water. I say water. Big, rapid, ear quotation mark water. Yes, exactly. And look how nicely it fits inside the lunch box, David. This is one of my boys' lunch boxes. And it is. It's perfect to fit the soup right in there. You can just empty it on up and pull it on right into a bowl for them. And it is going to keep it hot throughout the day. So you don't have to worry about that. And like you said, you can see right here. It's going to fit 17 ounces of whatever cold beverage you might like it to be. We won't judge if it's wine or some other type of a cocktail that you might like to make. And you can take it to one of those outdoor concerts. And you know, it's great for your coffee in the morning. It fits perfectly in your cup of water. 7,500 are gone now. We are super, super busy. This is called Red Ombre. Pretty. 300 left. Blue Ombre. Stone Ice. This is Pink Rose. Vintage Pink. Brand new. Blue floral. Brand new. Brand new in the black stainless. Brand new in the green marble. This one purple marble. 400 remain. This is blue marble. Black marble. Redwood. And finally oak wood. I love that wood, isn't it pretty? So 8,000 ordered during in the kitchen of David tonight. So now completely the last time on the air and the only time on the air and very popular again tonight. Thank you, my friend. Thank you. You got five lunches packed for tomorrow, don't you? Hopefully, Keith will help me with that. You're a husband. It's pretty good about that. I know. Hey, what if we could put this little device on top of the can? Press a button and stand back and let the can opener do the work. This is Cook's Essentials Auto Stop Safety Can Opener $21.76, two easy payments of what? $10.88. Miss Melissa will see you soon, Angel. Pretty cool. Be sure and get all your kids backpacks home. Sure. Well done. All right. Let's talk about another great item. This is from our friends at Lock and Lock. Now, we know Sunday was a big day for Lock and Lock on QVC. Tonight's a big night for Lock and Lock as well. So many of you were shopping. We had this item on on Sunday and I'm told over 9,500 were ordered and it's very popular already tonight. Chris Prime come in here, my darling. You and I know one thing to be very true about our Lock and Lock customers. They love the glass containers. Yes, they did. And this is America's favorite size. Yeah. 9 by 13. Can this go in the oven? Yes, up to 550 to 3. Up to 500.