 Hi, welcome to my channel. Today we're going to make fried breaded cube steak. And this is what we'll be needing. I'm going to go ahead and season it. These are the seasonings that I'm going to be using. I'm going to use all-purpose seasoning salt or salt or a double or whatever you use. I'm going to be using black pepper, fine, oregano, ground, basil leaves, ground, garlic, garlic powder, garlic powder, and I'm going to season this well. I'm going to season it on both sides. And then what I need is I need two eggs, two large eggs. I also have two tablespoons of whole milk, which I'm going to be using to make an egg wash. And then I need bread crumbs. I'm using the bread crumbs, the talian style bread crumbs. But you could also use a plain and just add seasoning to it. This is my bread crumbs. I also have a plate on the side so when I finish breading it I can go ahead and fry. So we're going to go ahead and mix the egg with the milk. And then we're going to take the cube steak. We're going to place it into the egg and coat it on both sides. And then we're going to take that step of egg wash, step of the egg and place it into the bread crumbs. When it's in the bread crumbs you're going to want to make sure that it's covered in bread crumbs. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to go ahead and flip it and make sure that I get it coated well. And remember if you need to add more bread crumbs you can. But if you make more than two steaks or three or ever as much as you need you can add it. So what I'm going to go ahead and do is I'm going to score a head and place the steak into the plate. And this is how it looks when it's breaded. So what we do is we'll fry it but I'm going to go ahead and do another one so you can see. Okay so what I'm going to do is I'm going to take another steak and add it into the egg. I'm going to place it into the bread crumbs. And I'm going to make sure like I said, to coat it well with the bread crumbs. And then if you need more eggs so like if you make more or you need more eggs you can add more eggs in a week. Just add one large egg and one tablespoon of milk. So we're going to go ahead and place it on our plate. And here I have a skillet. What I'm going to do is I'm going to go ahead and add oils. The oil can be whatever oil you want, vegetable oil, pineapple oil, corn oil. So I'm going to go ahead and add a generous amount because remember we're going to fry this. And I have my heat on medium high. And remember to have your, I mean you're going to have to play with your heat. So you don't want it too hot that the bread crumbs burn and you don't want it too cool. So not in the heat that the bread crumbs come off. So we're going to do the room and go ahead and play for our steak. And I'm going to go ahead and cook here for like about six minutes or one five. And remember that depending on your stove, depending on your pan and your heat, it depends on how high cooked. So we check it. So now we're going to flip it. Okay, we're going to want to cook this again. Like for about six minutes, we always check it. Like I said, everybody's still different. And I'm probably going to go ahead and flip it again on the other side. Run it a little bit more. I like a little bit more golden color. And what I like to do is I like to clean out like the oil from the, like all the bread crumbs that fall off. So I always go around and clean that and just put another plate. But that's optional. You don't have to do that. That should mean. So I'm going to go ahead and let this cook and I'll show you my final result. This is my final result of my bread and cue steak. Hope you enjoy. Don't forget to subscribe and like my videos. Thank you.