 Hey everybody, I'm getting started on supper and I wanted to show you something I really love these things. Not that you make hairs, but I just thought I'd share it with you in case you hadn't tried them yet. I don't know if you look around you for tatas, if you're adventurous and you look around and I've gotten where I love these when using them for good while since I first noticed them really. I don't know how long it's been, but we love to just do something really simple and I like to just roast them. Most of them are pretty, they're not too big. I get these babies, they have the many sometimes but they don't all the time. So if I kind of get a big one, I just quarter it and other than that I wash them good of course and then I cut them in half, okay? And all we're going to do is so simple that I'm going to let me get my oil squirt here. Okay, well I don't have that oil squirt or so I'm putting in, I'm not measuring exactly but you're going to want to put in about, I put about, that's probably just under about two tablespoons, okay? That's just all of your choice, all of oil squirt, I use it sometimes. I forgot to mention preheat your oven to about 425 and I've got, I'm throwing about one clove worth of minced garlic into the potatoes and then I'm going to put some of my Italian seasoning in here, not too much, maybe I'll take a spoon, not a tablespoon, teaspoon of half, okay? Not much. Alright and of course, yes, I make my Italian seasoning and I did that a few videos back if you want to look at it, you're welcome to do that. Alright, next I'm going to add in about, measure this here, okay, putting in about teaspoon salt, about half a teaspoon, black pepper, okay? And this is pretty cat and dry, just going to toss these really well in this bowl. Alright, let me get my cookie sheet and I'll be back in two seconds. Part of my messyness, I threw a piece of foil in there last minute, okay? So yeah, we have our toss potatoes and I just throw them out here on the cookie sheet like this, spread them out. That's it, 25-30 minutes and a 425 degree oven and you'll have some yummy potatoes, okay? That's it, I'll show you when they're done. We'll be back. Okay, everybody, I'm still frying chicken for that other video and I just wanted to show you these. They just came out of the oven, I left them in 32 minutes and they are absolutely perfect. They're perfect. They have a great flavor, I taste one, they're really hot and I want you to try this so easy for a side dish. You just throw them in there and walk away and when you come out, your dish is finished. How easy is that, okay? Alright, I'll see you next time, bye-bye.