 Hello, it's Julie Figaro again and today I'm going to show you how to make a pillowcase dress. The pillowcase dress that I'm going to show you how to make today is similar to the one right here. This is a vintage eyelet pillowcase that I made into a dress. What you need is you will need a vintage pillowcase, you know you can use a neat pillowcase to it. These are really hard to find. Any more of this one is embroidered and this one is crocheted on the bottom. More than likely you'll find something like this. This is also vintage. This is a handmade vintage pillowcase. So today we're going to use this to make our pillowcase dress. You will also need for this size dress you will need four strips of satin ribbon. You can use grograin also. You want to treat the ends that will be exposed with some frayed chat or something like that so that they won't fray. Also you'll want to make sure that it's color safe. So when you wash it with your pillowcase it does run. You will need scissors. You will need some pins. You will need one of our self-healing mats. You will need a rotary cutter. You will need a ruler. You will need some really nice quarter inch elastic. Make sure when you're making anything for children you some really soft, nice elastic. The first thing you're going to want to do is you're going to want to cut your pillowcase. You want to cut your price tag off. I'd say 94 cents for this one. It's for a store. So what you're going to want to do is you're going to want to measure for this size for a two to four year old girl. You're going to want to measure about 23 inches. So I'm going to measure my mat half you see 23 inches. So I'm going to go ahead and measure that. And with my ruler I will cut the end off. Now you can use the end for your binding. You can also use store box seam binding. So after you've cut your pillowcase you're going to want to cut the armhole down. And I have made a template for armholes of about two inches in by about five and a half inches down. So if you just measure two inches in on a piece of paper, five and a half inches down and then cut an armhole shape that will be your armhole. And then what we're going to want to do is we're going to want to cut out our armholes. Now you can mark it with a pencil or if you're really brave you can just go ahead and cut what I'm going to do right now. It's probably a favorite market. Cut your armhole down. Now you can go ahead and put this aside and then we're going to cut some binding. So what you're going to do is take the extra piece of your pillowcase and you will want to cut a strip. You want to measure two and a half inches. These boards are so great. Measure two and a half inches and cut that strip. There you go. So you have the strip cut. Now what you're going to want to do is you're going to want to cut off one of the ends. And you're going to want to go iron your strips. What you want to iron is a half inch in on each side and then fold in half. So I'm going to go iron that and I'll be right back. I have my strips all ironed and ready to go. Now what I'm going to do is I'm going to pin them to my armhole and then sew them. So I will start pinning. So I have my armhole all pinned and now I'm going to go ahead and sew them. So what you want to do is don't sew over the pins. I'm sure a lot of you know that but you can break your needle and that's not good. So you'll want to pull the pins out before you get to them. I would sew the quarter inch in. So once you have all of your fine sewn on, what you want to do is you want to go in and press the arm. And then you're going to want to press a casing to sew for your elastic. So you're going to want to take this top part and you want to fold it under about a half inch and then fold it under another half inch. You can stitch it down for your elastic. I'm going to go ahead and go iron that and I'll be right back. Now I have it all pressed under. So I'm going to go ahead and sew it down so we can put the elastic in. And we're almost done. Again you'll want to sew it about a quarter of an inch in. So now that you've sewed your casing, what you want to do is you're going to want to measure your elastic. And you know it's really cool that the fabric is so that I sew it more I think that this is an old flower sack that somebody may ortillo case that is and now we're making a dress out of it. So that's kind of cool. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to measure what you want to do is you're going to want to measure whoever you're making this for across the collarbone here. Usually I typically found for age of two to four that eight inches is a good length. So you want to cut two eight inch strips to the left. This dress is great because it grows with your little girl. You can go from age of two to age of four and even older and the more at the top over some legging for it. Anything like that you know it's also great about these dresses. It's a set in a way of time you can wear them over turtleneck with leggings. It looks absolutely adorable. So then what we're going to do is we're going to take our ribbon cut. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to take what I did is I cut the ribbon flat on one end and then I planted it on the other end and that's the end that I treated. And then what you're going to do is you're going to take your ribbon and you're going to want to wrap it around about a half inch in of your elastic and then you're going to go ahead and stitch that. Once you have all of your ribbon sewn to your elastic you're going to want to thread into the casing of the dress. So you want to take a safety pin. I like to fold the ends over so I have more of a stronger foundation when I'm doing this. So the safety pin through the ribbon and you're going to just thread the ribbon into the casing. And then just thread. Just keep threading until you get it all the way in on both sides. So once you get them all pulled in you're going to want to go ahead and stitch where the elastic ends and the ribbon with elastic and the ribbon meet here to secure it to your dress. So just want to go make a few stitches that you have to secure it. Make sure you go ahead and clip and trim all of your threads. There's going to be a lot of thread hanging off this dress. So go ahead and clip that if that all is centered. And then we're going to go ahead and tie the bows. I have bows here. You either put it on your little girl on Pieter. You don't have anybody there to tie it on. Just make kind of guess where you think the bows will go. Go ahead and tie your bow to sew it. There you have it. Happy pillowcase dress making. And let me know. Send me videos of what you make. I love to see that. Also on this pillowcase dress right here I was lucky to find a knit pillowcase made out of knit with this great hand right here. And I silk screened in my other video. One of my other videos on the channel I have this how to make a silk screen. And I made this flower with that and it cannot go with you. So until next time, happy crafting. Thank you.