 Hey guys, it's Doc and today I'm going to shoot a power washing video, how to power wash your driveway but I'm going to do it a little bit differently than most people do. So hold on one sec. Hey guys, this is the second video in our power washing series. If you want to see the other ones you can go to our website howtoolidock.com. You can watch it there. The other thing you can do is I'm going to put up links to any of these accessories and products and so forth that I talk about in the video I put up on the website under the video so on that page you'll see them on there. So go to that website. All right let's talk about what I'm going to do real quick. Number one I'm going to show you some tips for the average homeowner on cleaning and power washing your driveway that'll make your life a lot easier. Save you a bunch of time and make a better finished product for you. So the first thing you need to do I'm going to run through them real quick before I actually show them on the video. Number one you need to get a surface cleaner. Surface cleaner is real inexpensive, cost you about 60 bucks. I put a link up on it. Use the surface cleaner. Do not use a wand to clean concrete. You'll have these wave marks. It'll look like crap. It'll take forever. Don't use a wand. Get the surface cleaner. Number two and I don't think I stress this enough in the in the video is after you clean a section of the driveway keep this in your pocket. Take the surface cleaner off, pop this on and spray off the excess material. There's still going to be a light coat of dirt on the concrete. You only get all that dirt off the concrete before it dries. That's how you're going to have that real bright white concrete that I'm looking at right now that I've actually cleaned yesterday. The next thing is is understand the pitch here cement. You always want to you always want a power wash to the lower side first and I'm going to talk about the pitches in here. So if you have a sidewalk, if you have a walkway, if you have a driveway, they typically pitch cement and you don't want to be battling pools of water when you clean. So I'm going to talk about that. Understand that time equals cleaning power. So the amount of time that you as you slow down with the surface cleaner, the slower you go, the more cleaning you're going to get. And I also talk about the methods. I also talk about going back and forth and then a light coat this way. I talk about a bunch of different things that will really step up your power cleaning and make it a lot easier. Now I'm going to do this with my old pressure washer. If you hadn't seen my video on this one, this one I've had for seven years. It's about 2600, 2600 psi, 2.3 gallons per minute. So it's not an extremely powerful one, but I've used it for hundreds and hundreds of feet, a linear feet of fence, countless driveways. We've actually used this in a commercial setting. We've done so much with this thing. And I think what I'm going to do is in my next video. Now on the website, I put up a link to a pressure washer that I really like for the money. And I think I went ahead and I ordered it last night. So I'm going to give this one to my son-in-law and I'm going to take the new one that I have. And I'm going to finish, I think, the sidewalks in my next video. I'm going to use the new pressure washer to do the sidewalks and the curbs because that's a little bit different. So I'm going to put that in a different video. So anyways, this, there are tons of pressure washing videos out there. I hope you like this one. I hope it keeps it pretty simple. I'm going to show you how to do it. I've done this driveway several times and it really looks nice when it's done. Also subscribe, click that subscribe button. And when you subscribe, that way you'll know when you're subscribed. When I put out that sidewalk and the curb video and I'm going to redo, I'm going to do a restoration on this old fence over here with a pressure washer and stain. And so when I do those videos, you'll also know about them there. Anyways, I'll stop talking. Let's go out and let's start pressure wash. So again, on my pressure washing video and I'll put a link to a really good pressure washer that I'm thinking about going ahead and getting to replace this one. I'm going to give this to my son-in-law. He needs one. So I think I'm going to retire this one, give this to him and I'm going to get a different one. And I'm going to order the same one that I recommend on that YouTube, which I'll put a link under this video on the website as well too. This one is 2600 psi, 2.3 gpm. And what I'm going to do today is I'm going to show you that you don't have to have a lot of pressure. That's about the right, that's about the minimum pressure that you can do things like this really easily. This is the attachment that I use. And if you're going to clean concrete, you have to. I forbid you to clean with a wand. We'll say it again. I forbid you to use a wand. You use this thing and I'll show you why here in a minute. So anyways, I check my oil, fill it over the gas, stretch out my cords. I keep this wand and this thing just plugs right into where my tip goes. I'm going to show you how I do it. Oh yeah, one other tip. I put this on that video and maybe I'll put it on the page too again, but this is a pump saver. This is once you're done with this and you're going to put it away for a month or month to six months. Shoot some of that into your pump. It attaches right here. It's a little bit of a mess, so do it outside and shoot it into your pump and that'll keep your pump from getting that corrosion. Okay, so let's look at the nasty driveway. You can see this here. This is my AC drain, which was draining over here and I did a video about how I moved that. That was draining in here and causing a massive mud pile. Now I've moved it over here so where it drains out on the driveway and you can see that that leaves kind of a moldy mark. I actually parked my truck outside so you can see over here. You can see how nasty this looks, but I want to give you a before and after on this too, just what this looks like. So I've got really dark stains. The driveway looks like hell. I had, I didn't power wash our driveway last year, so this has been almost a year and a half probably since I power washed this. I need to wash this. I'll do the whole driveway. I always do it. It looks stupid. I think if you don't do your sidewalks, so I do my sidewalks. I'll do this walkway and I do all the sidewalks down there and I also do. It just looks stupid to have a white driveway and then black sidewalks. So I do my sidewalks and I actually do my curb. So I actually do my curb and this area here. So I'm going to show you all of that. I don't know if I'll get that all in this video, but at least I'll get the driveway and my setup over here. Okay, so step number one is stretch out your hose and make sure there's no kinks in it. Then drain your hose. Actually spray your hose and make sure all the air is out of that garden hose. Attach your garden hose. Turn your garden hose on and then hold this down until hold it down for a good. Oh, I'd say minute or so and you want to hear all that popping go away. I actually use that kind of a tea connector and I use that double tea connector there. So if I want to have an extra hose, especially when I do the fence and I'll be doing the fence later, but when I do the fence, I always want an extra hose. So I always do a split tea there. Okay, so now all I do is I'm just going to remove this nozzle here. Take this off. That's it. But essentially what you have is you have these things are spinning in here and spring water and that's all it does. I'm going to show you that one circle. Ask the grain full of crap on the show it here with the oil. There you go. I was 10 seconds. No chemical just water. The difference is not that dramatic while it's wet. It really is dramatic when it's dry. But I think you can see how dramatic of the difference this is over here in this area. So that's that little spot I did and then this is the area you can see where I've stopped here. Now let me give you one little tip. This little thing has brushes all the way around it and they kind of they kind of have a tendency to grab a little bit. So what I do is is when I'm going when I'm going this way I sort of just very lightly just put a little pressure on my handle to this side. So this side is a little bit more up and it slides a lot easier. Then when I come back I'm actually putting a little pressure the other way on it so it tilts a little bit up this way and it comes back and forth. And you just do that back and forth. Just move your handle just a little bit and a little bit tiny bit and tiny bit. Just put a little bit of pressure back and forth. This thing you can see I'm doing this with one hand. It's real easy. Yes I'm naked. I'm naked because I went and jumped in the pool because it's over 90 degrees. So let me show you I'm going to show you the area that's drying over here. I'm going to show you a little trip, a little tick, a little trip tip. Oh my god I can't talk. Eat strip. You know if you ever get in your car at the end of the day it's like 200 degrees. It's scorching. Well the same thing happens to your equipment your power equipment out here gets boiling hot. So let me show you a little tip that I did. I actually have a little box on here and all I did was you look up under it. I just taped a piece of I just taped a piece of wood and basically what I do is now my machine is actually in shade. So this keeps my engine actually shaded. I still got plenty of airflow. There's no interference with the airflow but this keeps my unit in the shade. The other thing you can do is I actually have one of these that I made for the when it rains because sometimes I'll pressure wash in the rain and I have a little umbrella thing that I made where my unit doesn't get wet. So I took a little break I went inside and had lunch but maybe you can see this. Now this area up here is totally dry and I want you to see that my beautiful feet. I mean sparkling sparkling white and again no chemicals whatsoever. If you use chemicals you're stupid. Sorry you can put it that way but if you're using chemicals to power wash cement it just doesn't make sense unless you have a ton of grease or something. If you have a ton of grease and then put petroleum and that kind of stuff yeah but don't use chemicals on cement. Stupid. Well let me give you a tip. This uh most of your walkways like do this around the house if they're smart they usually slant this way and so you always clean this side first. Why do you do that? That's because if you start over here all this water is going to build up here and the spray heads will be battling a thick layer of water trying to get down to the cement. So you always clean you always clean your lowest side first. Does that make sense? So if you have an area on cement that's going to be with the water is going to be washing towards clean that side first then come back uphill. Oh if you can see or not but this walkway tips this way, it slopes that way. So I want to clean that side first. Now let me show you one thing else about driveways. All right so if you had a good driveway guy he sloped the driveway this way and he sloped the driveway this way so it all slopes in here. The guy that did this one was okay. What that does is that takes all the water down the center and creates a sort of river down the center. That's that's the way driveways are supposed to be done cement driveways. So the water goes in and goes out goes down the center of it. You know I was saying this earlier and I don't know where I'm going to put this in this video but I honestly believe this that if you that if you will power wash your driveway your sidewalks and clean your house deciding on your house you'll add $10,000 worth of value to your home a swear to you at least $10,000. You take that old and make it look new it's amazing what happens. Same thing if you have a house that needs to be painted you add a huge amount of value. Look power washing is really inexpensive really you buy one yourself and do it or pay some of them to do it it's probably the best investment you can make power wash but don't just power wash your driveway power wash your driveway your sidewalks your curves in your house and you'll add $10,000 value to your house minimum if it's a big house you'll add $20,000 a guarantee you guys so it's a day number two I got more than half done yesterday I spent a couple hours out here doing this but I wanted to show you we had a bath thunderstorm last night but I wanted to show you the before and after this is after this is before and you can see the difference on that you can see the difference for sure hey guys excuse the noise in the background someone's cutting their grass over there but I wanted to talk about patterns here for a minute I do several different patterns in here mainly to get footage for this video but I wanted to show you the pattern that I found that works best for these surface cleaners number one treat this and think about this like a hovercraft so you don't want to put pressure on this thing if anything you want to sort of keep the pressure off of it and allow it to float remember it has these little brushes around the edge so and those brushes can grab so you want to keep it so you want to keep it kind of light and let it float but the best pattern that I've found for this is and I'm going to go ahead and set up a camera and let you walk the watch says I use I'm going to do this I'm going to do half a square here and what I'm going to do is I'm going to walk back and forth with it I'm just going to walk back and forth I'm going to overlap about 30% on my pass and I'm going to go moderate speed moderate speed shift over moderate speed moderate speed I'm going to do that whole thing and then I'm going to come back and I'm going to do one light coat this way and what that does a lot of times you'll have these path marks you really get them with a wand but even with the surface cleaning you still have variance marks when it dries you don't see them really but I see them because I'm OCD and then I do you do that sort of back and forth pattern then what I'm going to do is you'll see me I'll pull that green tip out of my pocket I'll put the green tip on and what I'm going to do is I'm going to spray the the rest of this stuff away from anything that's clean and push it down the driveway so I'm going to set up the camera and let it run all right so you saw me do that half area and real quickly just so you know if you see me pick it up blow out that head is because I ran over a rock or ran over a piece of mulch you don't want anything underneath that head while it's spinning the other thing is is when you're washing this off as the last step if you see any like really bad dirt stains or mold stains going there or you can hit those drainage cracks you can hit it with that power not the right way so it's pretty quick pretty easy and it's real even real smooth none of those none of those lines that you get with a wand or doing it the wrong way hey guys so I hope this video has helped simple ways of partial washing again click that subscribe button because I've got several of these power washing series coming up all kinds of different subjects so click that subscribe button don't forget like it dislike it I don't care whatever click one of buttons tattoo later dot