 Hi guys, welcome back to CJ's Kido Kitchen. Happy Thanksgiving. A lot of times after the holidays, you have lots of leftovers and that's what this recipe is all about. This is a day after Thanksgiving casserole. So come along and let's get started. So traditionally after your Thanksgiving holiday or anytime that you have a holiday, a lot of times extra food. It's all about the leftovers and sometimes it can be difficult to make some foods that aren't exactly just putting the leftovers on your plate. So we are going to be making a day after Thanksgiving casserole and initially I was going to call this a turkey casserole because mine does happen to have turkey in it. But if turkey is not something that your family traditionally has on Thanksgiving, this casserole could be made with any type of meat if you had ham, if you had goose, even if you had beef. All of those would incorporate well into this casserole and that's why I decided to call it the day after Thanksgiving casserole. So it's very easy and your family should love it. So let's go ahead and get cooking. So I have softened about a quarter of a cup of white onion and a little bit of butter and I'm going to add just a little bit more butter about two tablespoons because we are going to saute our mushrooms and you need one package of mushrooms and you can use any kind of mushrooms that you like. Baby bellas, cramini, wild mushrooms if you're lucky enough to have those or just playing white mushrooms that they need to be sliced. So I'm just going to put those in and we're just going to soften them and get them partially cooked and sauteed and once they start softening down I'm going to add some seasoning to them. We want to make sure that our dish is very well seasoned because turkey is fairly bland without seasoning. Then they're starting to cook down nicely so I'm going to add some seasoning. I'm going to add a little bit of poultry seasoning. And you can add as much or as little seasoning as you like. I'm going to add a little bit of 21 seasoning salue and then I'm also going to add a little bit of ground sage because I really like sage with turkey. So now our mushrooms are all sauteed and seasoned. I'm also going to add a little bit of salt. So I'm going to go ahead and place these mushrooms into our casserole dish and I have co-ded the casserole dish with a little bit of butter. You could use some kind of olive oil, coconut oil, avocado oil spray, whatever you'd like. I just greased mine a little bit. So in the pan that has the reserved butter and mushroom onion drippings, I am going to lightly saute a 16 ounce package of rice cauliflower. You can use any brand that you would like. And I'm just going to get this a little bit a little bit of salt, recent and a little brown, just so it's slightly softened. And this is going to give us our rice effect in our casserole. It's very traditional for turkey, rice and mushrooms to be together. A lot of times it's wild rice that you will find in a casserole like this, but this cauliflower is going to give us nice texture in our casserole. And we just want to warm it up a little bit, get it soft and just a little bit brown. And you could of course rice your own cauliflower if you desire to do that. But most grocery stores now have it prepared. So it's quite convenient to just buy it already processed because I've done it many times myself in the processor and it is quite messy. But if you don't have access to rice cauliflower, you can absolutely do it yourself. Okay. So our cauliflower is starting to get translucent and it's lightly brown. So we are going to put it into our casserole dish with our mushrooms. So two our mushrooms and our cauliflower, I am going to add about four cups of chopped turkey. And as I stated before, if you don't traditionally have turkey as a leftover for your Thanksgiving holiday, you could use ham, you could use goose, you could use beef. This is a very easily transitionable casserole. The whole idea is using leftovers from your holiday. So what do whatever meat choice you had for your particular holiday, you can use that. So I'm going to season this a little bit before we make up our sauce. Just to make sure that everything is well seasoned. So I'm going to be adding a little bit more poultry seasoning and a little bit more 21 seasoning salute. And I'm going to add a bit more salt because our cauliflower was not salted. And of course you can season this however you like. I'm also going to add a little bit of pepper. Okay, now we are going to prepare our sauce. So I'm going to set this aside. And I'm going to do this in a separate bowl and then we'll add it to the casserole. So we need a cup of sour cream. And that's most of my container of sour cream. We also need a half a cup of mayonnaise. Runaway mayonnaise. We need two tablespoons of dijon mustard. You could use spicy brown, you could use yellow, you don't have to use dijon, but I'm going to be using dijon. And we need about two tablespoons of that. And then we also need just a little bit of seasoning. Okay. And I'm going to use my whisk and I'm going to whisk this around to incorporate our sauce. Okay. I'm going to make sure I get all the sauce out of my whisk. So I'm going to put this into my casserole and stir it all up. Make sure we get all our yummy sauce in there. You could do all of this in a separate bowl. If you wanted to before you put it into your casserole dish, but this just saves on having to clean up too many things. So we just want to try and thoroughly coat it evenly so that all the casserole has sauce on it. Get all of our yummy juice off the bottom. Okay. Now to our casserole, we are going to be adding some cheeses. We need about a cup of mozzarella. And if you wanted to use some other kind of cheese beside mozzarella, you absolutely could. And we want about a cup of this and I'm going to stir it in. And then we're also going to add about a quarter of a cup of Parmesan cheese. And you could use powdered if you'd rather, but I'm going to be using grated. And we want about a quarter of a cup. And I'm also going to stir that in. Okay. So everything is stirred in and I'm going to smooth it all out. And then we are going to put this into a 375 degree oven. And we are going to let it cook for about 40 minutes or until it's nicely browned and bubbling. Okay. So it's been in for 40 minutes. It's nicely browned on the top. So we're going to let it sit out for about five minutes and then we'll suit it. Hi, CJ. Hi. Yeah, another delicious meal. Yep. The sacrifices I have to make. So this is our day after Thanksgiving casserole and it happens to be made with turkey. Yep. Smells good. I guess smell the mustard. Hmm. How do I, I have to really do that. People I might want to make this for the entire time. I know. Right? I have to work. I have the turkey. But this is really good. Well, I need a dark meat which is my personal favorite. It's not your eye. Yeah, I really like it. Awesome. Good job. Okay. Excellent. Let's begin. Bye. Bye. Thanks for joining us again tonight you guys. We hope that you had a wonderful holiday. I know that we did. So please consider subscribing. We are going to be continuing to do some holiday themed recipes moving into the Christmas season. So we don't want you to miss out. So please set the notification bell so that you know when we upload new content, we do new recipes every Sunday and we also have keto conversations on Wednesdays. And if you need any of the recipes we've made holiday recipes last year, there's stuffing, there's different types of pies and cheesecakes, all of those full recipes that our principle can be found on our blog and that is cjskitochitchen.com. Also consider following us on our other social media platforms or on Instagram and Facebook and we post teaser recipes for what we're going to be preparing on Sundays. So please do that as well and that's also cjskito kitchen. So we hope that you'll come back and see us again next time and we'll see you then. Bye.