 If there's one thing we all love, it's an underdog. Which is why I pay £200 for a 430,000 mile ship box I knew nothing about. The plan for the Scoda was simple. Find out what life would be like living with a high mileage car, what's an all. If the Octavia dies, then so be it. But here we are, two months later, with a car that's becoming an unlikely internet hero and an inspiration for many around the world to look past the numbers on the odometer. Because if there's one thing we've learnt from this car, it's that mileage is just a number. This is actually the last episode of the whole entire series. It's been a blast. We've achieved a lot in today's very special episode. We're going to be doing a few things. I'm really excited to say that I'm going to be taking miles to his previous owner, who I called Russell, who clocked up over 300,000 miles in the space of 14 years. Hopefully he's going to be really happy and really impressed with what we've done, what we've achieved and that's all thanks to you guys. To recap what we've been through, the series started with a look at those aforementioned warts, including rust, a stolen grill, a smelly interior, and suspension that forgot how to... suspense? Anyway, in episode two we took the head off miles as diesel engine to inspect the damage. And as you can see, the internals were as clean as a whistle. The following week, I pushed myself and the scoder to the limit by driving over 800 miles to the Norberg ring and back, including a lap in one day and on one tank of diesel. After that, I showed you the pros and cons of running an old diesel on used vegetable oil. And in episode five, I put miles on the dyno to find out how many horses had escaped after all those years of hard work. Then the real fun started with miles' restoration. First, we fitted a new interior courtesy of scoder, and after that, we installed new brakes and suspension straight from the car throttleshop. The icing on the cake, though, was the respray that the guys at wrench studios offered. As you can see, miles now looks a million dollars. So I'm hoping that you'll join me in thanking wrench for transforming miles from an ugly duckling into one of the world's smartest Mark I Octavius. So before we go and see Russell and show him the newly revamped miles, I think we should give him a quick detail to make sure that miles is looking his best. Alex, are you going to help? Yeah, just give you one minute. One minute. I promise. Alright guys, I promise I'll give Ethan a hand in just a second. He's doing a rather stellar job, cleaning miles the high mileage hero. But I just want to stop for a second and tell you guys that episodes and series like this would not be possible without the help of sponsors. And amazingly, this very episode is sponsored by the most popular game right now, Fortnite. If you guys already know what Fortnite is, hit the link in the description to download the game. If you don't know what Fortnite is, Fortnite is a free to play game that's available on PC, Mac, PlayStation 4, Xbox One and mobile. You can play with up to a hundred other players, including your mates in duos or squads and battle in destructible environments. You've probably seen celebs like Drake playing Fortnite with YouTubers like Ninja, but the aim is to be the last man standing, building structures to defend you from attackers. To make sure that you click the link in the description below to download the game. Are you going to help? Yeah, I'll just be one more minute. Maybe just one more game. With miles now dust free, it was time to reunite him with a man who spent 14 years putting well over 300,000 miles on the clock. Russell, very good to meet you. Let's shake hands. And Russell's wife, Ben, very nice to meet you. Russell is a man responsible for driving miles around the world roughly 13 times. Really? Yeah, 13 times. That's about 13 times. Miles is down there. We've done the restoration and I'd like to get your thoughts. You come closer towards the wall, maybe close your eyes a little bit. There you go. There's your old scoda. Oh, Ben. What do you think of that? The colour is a million times better than I expected. Right? It's a really nice, deep, vibrant blue. And this has just been re-sprayed. We've put the alloys on it. We've done little things that you may not pick up. This wing mirror had a massive chip in it. That's been plastic welded. Yes, a reverse into a lorry coming the other way. Amazing. There you go. There's a story to everything. There was one damaged moth left on the back. That was done, reversing it into the Porsche that Top Gear gave away. Really? So what do you think? It looks stunning. It looks a million bucks, right? It looks absolutely stunning. Have a look inside. That's changed as well. The doors open now. They all opened. Yeah, the barrel's been changed as well for the locks. There's nothing growing on the floor. Yeah. Which is always good. Obviously, the biggest change is the seats. Those seats are terrible. How did you drive over 300,000 miles on those seats? Yeah, they were. They were the best I've studied. My bike's in bits now. Whether it's miles is full or not. But I'm sure it didn't help. Now that you've seen this car and now that you know what we've done with it, do you miss this car? Yeah. All the time. Yeah. All the time. Yeah. I don't know. What did you let it go? Don't you wish you'd done what they've done to it? What you've done is stunning. I personally want to thank you all as well because if you told him to drive a tank over it or something else I would have been devastated. I would have done it. Miles is proof you do not need to be scared of high mileage cars. Regular service. Regular service. You've said it. Yeah. Regular. You've got an old change every 8,000 miles. You've got a cam belt, every 60. You've got a new water pump, every second cam belt. And that's so much cheaper than it's failing. This car, it was worth about 200 pounds when I picked it up. Yeah. I was glad to get 200 quip when I sold it to the guy you got it from. Yeah. And there you go. And now this 200 pound car is now at least 250 pound car, right? I'll give you 250 pound for it. All right, let's do that. No, I can't do it. No. Double your money. No, it's not happening. I think there's one more thing to do which is for Russell to go for a quick drive. Oh yeah, come on. Go for it. This is your old car. That's just like an old friend. Right? I've got another Skoda and it feels from the right point of view. It feels just as good as that. It's poker, isn't it? It does really go. 106.8 horsepower. That's impressive. This is actually the last episode of the series. I'm going to be sad to not see it. Yeah, but it's a really nice way to end because you're the reason that this car is so popular because it is a high mileage hero because of you. Fantastic. Let me have it back. I can't do it. I can't do it. I bet you would. I replace miles with a transit connect van and it isn't anywhere. It's near nice to drive. That's comfortable. That's quiet. And I can only get a little bit more in that than I can gain this. Yeah, because these things are massive. Yeah. I've had a motorcycle complete with all its wheels on, on Centastane in the boot with the front wheel hanging out the back. That's amazing. I just want to say thank you to you Russell for, I know you said you used it as a workhorse, but you looked after this car. I looked after the motor. Yeah, and that's the main thing. Everything else could be replaced. Everyone who ever drove it always come back away. Where they drive so well, it's so easy to drive. Yeah. And it's still the same. Did you just feel like, oh, not, not been out of it. When you said you were going to take the head off and strip it down. Oh god, if anything's going to kill the engine, that's it. That's going to be disturbing. Very happy end to this series. And getting the man who put all the miles on miles to revisit. And you can see Russell smile. This is great. This is a genuine grin. This is lovely. Yeah. I'm so happy that it's been looked after and that everyone that followed the bill, no one wants to see it. Absolutely. Everywhere. Yeah, yeah. Everyone's got so much respect for this car. And equally, I've got so much respect for you. Because thank you so much. OK, testament to a good service history. Look after your cars and you can have a high mileage hero too. There you go, sir. Miles, thanks you. Thank you. You're very welcome. Excellent. And now let's go to the Ace Cafe in London to ask people one important question. Just go the car and tell me how many miles do you think this car is covered? That's the only question I have to ask you. 245. Probably 15, 60. 50, 60. I saw 100 miles. 25,000. Well, it smells good, right? I have been. 20, 25,000. Would you be surprised if I told you it had done 434,000 miles? Yeah. Been around the world 17.5 times. OK, would you be surprised if I told you that it had done 434,000 miles? No. 434. 434. It's impressive. It's done 434,000. Seriously? That's special. That's special, yeah? 434,000. 434,000. That's special, after seeing it, that's special. This car has been around the world 17.5 times, which equals 434,000 miles. That's not bad. That's not bad at all, is it? We've done well, yeah. You're impressed, aren't you? I'm impressed. 434,000 miles. It's 434. 434. I could switch on the ignition and show you the reading. 437 miles. Yeah. Not bad, go, is it? That's VAG for you. It is. Yeah, absolutely. That's VAG for you. And it goes to prove you look after it, car, and it'll look after you. Absolutely. This is a high-mile-a-chirro, and his name is Miles. For obvious reasons. Of course. 25,000 miles. Thank you very much. That's great. Yeah, absolutely. Thank you very much for your time. I appreciate that. We were on it. This is actually really sad. Like seriously sad. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the end of an awesome series of the high-mile-a-chirro series. I just want to say thank you so much to everyone who's watched. Thank you so much for all the love that you've given to us. To Miles, the high-mile-a-chirro. Without your comments, without your likes, without all your subscriptions. We wouldn't be here. We wouldn't have restored Miles. And yeah, it's quite an emotional time right now. I'm so happy, so chuffed that we've achieved so much together. For anyone who hasn't watched any of the series, firstly, where have you been? Because this has been awesome. Secondly, you can watch the rest of the series right here. And don't forget to subscribe to the Carthrottle channel right here. We've got some really cool series coming up. There's only two more things to do. One is for me to give Miles a big old hug. Gonna give you guys a little bit of a kiss. Thank you very much for watching. And good night.