 Hi everybody, so today I'm going to be sharing with you a really quick review and it is going to be on the Benjabel Sunflower Brush Tree. Now if you guys haven't heard of the brush tree, this thing seriously is such a space saver when it comes to washing your brushes. Now as you guys know washing your brushes can be such a tedious process. I mean that is probably like one of the things I hate to do. I found when this thing is absolutely saved so much space on my bathroom counter. The brush tree is made of a very sturdy plastic material. It also has these silicone grippers where you insert the brushes. If you disassemble the brush tree, it actually lays just as flat as an iPad would so it does not take up a lot of space. I'm able to fit 20 of my face brushes and also 36 of my eye brushes so I really packed it in here and really made sure to use all the space that I could with the brush tree. I like the fact that the brushes are in mid-air so that the bristles do not end up drying in weird positions. I hope you guys find this really quick review and demo helpful. If you guys have any questions, please don't forget to leave it in the comment area down below. And I also leave the link for the brush tree in the description box down below. Let's go ahead and jump right into the demo. Alright, Beauty. So this is how your brush tree will look when you first receive it. It has three different pieces which are detachable. It's great especially for storage because it lies flat. It's compact and it doesn't take up a lot of space. All you have to do is just snap on the legs and then you are ready to begin using your brush tree. I also just wanted to add that this has space for four large brushes, six medium brushes and 16 of your smaller brushes. But to utilize the space, I made sure to really pack in as many brushes as I could. And if you guys can tell, I have brush guards on my brushes only to make sure that the bristles really stay in shape because I like to have my brushes maintain it's shape. And as you guys can tell here, I'm really packing in all of the eye brushes and even included my beauty blender at the very top. So this is how everything looks. It dried perfectly in about 24 hours. Very very happy with the brush tree. Don't forget to check out the link if you guys would like to purchase your very own sunflower brush tree. Thank you guys so much for watching and I love you, beauties. You