 das sweet She's so cute. Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Cheers! What's up YouTube? Today we're doing things a little bit different. We just got this thing called an instant pot, a couple months ago. Basically it's a digitalized pressure cooker. Yeah. Like your mom used to have that blue up. But basically it's digitalized so it's safe so it won't kill you. It's safe now. I hope it's safe. We don't know. Today we're going to be making... Octail! Fuh! Octail. Fuh. Oh look at you. You're? Yeah. Okay. What do you say? Yeah mom. Yeah. That doesn't work. Oh man. In order to make octail fuh you need... Oxdale! Beef! Bone! Net! Bone! Mushroom seasoning! Fish sauce! Bunch of spices! Rock sugar! Ginger! Onion! Dicock! Henkin! Carrot! Inside will be noodles! Crepe onions! Salon tro! Yeah guys! No! Guy! Yuck guys! Yuck guys! Yuck! Faisal! And most unimportantly, be proud! Who are in maybe you? Yeah! First thing you got to do is grill your onion and your ginger. And I just throw that on over the flame. That helps bring out some of the flavours. Makes it more fragrant when you eat your fuh. Some people do it where they just throw it in straight. I like to do this extra step. It gives it a little more depth. Over here in this pot is a pot of boiling water. And I got to boil the water first so that I can blanch all of the meat so that it could heat a little bit cleaner. Also another step that's not necessary but it's good to do to make sure the quality of your fuh is good. When you're cooking the fuh on a stove top, you have to stand around and skim off all the skunk. Whereas in the instant pot, it's literally sitting in there all the time and you don't get a chance to skim until the very end but it can cloud your broth. So you do this first so that it can help take off some of the skunk. So since I'm Lynn's assistant slash Sue Chef today, she gave me the task of toast to all these spices which is star nice, fennel, coriander, licorice root, cardamom, toasted and cinnamon. You know why you're doing this? I'm doing this because Lynn told me to and she said that it's because it brings the oils out in the herbs. This is an unnecessary step that will make your food taste better. Go! So the main idea of using an instant pot is it's going to give you a comparable broth to boiling all this stuff for like eight hours but in like a fraction of a time and I have attempted to make fuh once in my entire life and it turned out, I think it turned out it's okay. That was good. I think the next day it was good but the first day was okay. Lynn's probably made it like a hundred thousand. Not really. I'm just the dishwasher. First, I don't think there's really any particular order but I like to put the bones in first for my broth so that it'd be on the bottom and then the vegetables on the tap. Look, I picked ones that have like good marrow in it so that it can get good, hardy broth throw in our veggie the bones that were posted. Then we're going to put our fresh veggies, dicone, dicone and a carrot. So according to my mom when you put dicone in the broth it keeps it clear. The craft is the most important thing. The last thing we need. Some filtered water up to this nine, closer, four, four, four, four, almost there, almost there. There you go. So the last thing that I put in is our rock sugar. Do not confuse this as energy stone. I mean, it'll give you energy when you eat it because it has sugar which is a source of energy for your body. Energy sugar. This is literally an energy crystal. Why can't you use granulated sugar? You could but according to my mom it's a word and bit of means. I don't know how to save it. It makes the milk more time. That's what my mom says. It makes the taste better. It makes the taste better and it gives it more of a depth. And I think it has something to do with I feel like granulated white sugar is more on. It's got acidic. So now that we have all our ingredients in here we have to close the vault door. And all you have to do is press soup and then walk away. In the meantime, while you're waiting for the instant pot to make some instant goodness, cut up your green onions and your cilantro. Wash your herbs because some good, clean herbs will make sure that broth tastes good and clean. Also, make your noodles. If there's rice, wet them, throw them in the pot. If not, use some fresh noodles. It's okay. Go relax. Last but not least, we need to season our but with mushroom seasoning and fish sauce. You basically are going to put an amount of fish sauce and mushroom seasoning to your liking until it tastes quite delicious. We're then going to start assembling our bowls. We're going to put our fresh noodles into our bowl. We're going to put our sliced raw beef on top of the noodles. Then we're going to pour our luscious broth on top of that. And sprinkle our onions, green onions, and cilantro. And then take a deep breath and say it with me. So this is far made in one hour in five minutes. Typically, when I made this last time, it was like a boiled it, almost all day. My mom does it overnight. So this is our first time in the Instapot in one hour to see if it's comparable to that long time frame. Let's try the broth. That's better than my eight hour broth. Possibly because you made it. I can dig it. We got the die cone in here. Usually people throw that away. Got the carol. Usually people throw that away. We got my oxytale here and on the side. It's really hardy too. I think it's because the pressure pushes all the fat and the bone marrow. Deliciousness out of the bones. Cheers. Cheers complete bite. I just go crazy. Wow, we have a little restaurant. I was skeptical at first. Very skeptical. I was relying like, nah, I'm not gonna get that. I kind of try the oxytale. I love the oxytale, like, just fell off the bone. Look at this. That's the oxytale bone. This is oxytale. Sometimes it's kind of pricey at the store. But if you get lucky, you get it for a pack for under 10 bucks. Yeah. Oh wow. It's a very tender. Mmm. Mmm. The consensus is you can make some crudy bomb puff into the pot in one hour, not including the prep time, of course. That cutoff light. A full night. If you guys want us to make anything specific with the Insta Pot, holla attis and comments, let us know what you guys want to see or what you want us to attempt to make. Alright. Until next time. Cheers. Cheers. And peace.