 Good. Go! Go! Good! Come on, Go! Go. Get out of the throne. Go! It's ok, you can only do it by hand. AAAHHH! I Mediumly have many possibilities. It's no problem. KAWAHA I most importantly, I feel the same way as twice. Let's talk with you in detail. Good chemistry. I really like how tempting the new师 is, a great translate book which is also for the world's history and 27ness, 13th century is like the history of the minds of the system. Top του to the world in more and more specialized but there are so many zad Выchi world, 3G wifi programs in the world, which is the biggest level of its newspaper. Hi guys! In this video I'll be showing you how to DIY your shoes with 3 Super Mongols. cool designs. I will also show you how to waterproof your shoes using candle. If you like colorful things like me, make sure you check out my other videos too. Link are also in the description box. Okay, let's get to it. One quick tip before you start, always stop your shoes with some plastic bags so you have a flat surface to work on. For the Sharpie tie-dye shoes, I'm gonna start with the pink permanent marker and draw a circle on one shoe. Then I move on to the other shoe and draw the exact same pink circle with the same size. Next draw on a green and a blue circle. I'm using pink, green and blue because I think they look awesome together, but it really doesn't matter which colors you use, just pick any colors you like. Once you're done drawing, tip off any parts of the shoes that you don't want the ink to spread on. Then grip rubbing alcohol on your drawing and watch the colors spread. I also tie-dye the size of the shoes with the same color combination. The downside of Sharpie tie-dye shoes is water from green or snow will ruin your design when you're out and about. So I'm gonna show you how to make your shoes water resistant and protect your Sharpie design from water. When your shoes are completely dry, take a piece of candle and rub it all over your shoes. And then use a blow dryer on high heat to melt the candle down until the white wax completely disappear. Let it cool down and you can wear that. The next design is a donut inspired one. Take some brown acrylic paint and draw on a piece of donut. You could do it on both shoes but I prefer to look on only one shoe. Wait for the brown paint to dry, then draw on the icing using pink paint. Let it dry and use a puffy paint to create those 3D looking sprinkles. If you don't have a puffy paint, you could also use nail polish for this step. And if the acrylic paint gets on the rubber part of your shoes, use some nail polish removal to get rid of the paint and your donut shoes are done. The last project is a Jackson Collock inspired design. Take some nail polish, strip a big drop on your shoe and then drag it out. Use as many colors as you like and have fun with it. I also use toothpick, dip it in the nail polish and place it on the shoes to create some lines and patterns. Add more dots until you're happy with your design. Let it dry and use a cute tip with some nail polish removal to wipe out any smudges. And that's pretty much it. I hope you guys enjoyed this video and will try these ideas out. Please thumbs up this video and subscribe to my channel if you found this tutorial helpful and would like to see more videos like this. Don't forget to check out my other videos. You can click on the images here or I'll link them in the description box for those of you who are on mobile devices. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in my next video.