 Hey there, welcome to Feast and Farm Cooks. My name is Rachel Ballard and today we're making oven roasted salmon cakes also known in the southern world as a good old salmon patty. Now my recipe is baked for years and years we did this in a fried version which you could absolutely do on the stove top if you want to but I've just found a bake to be not only healthier but a lot easier, much more hands off so that's why I do it this way. Here's what you're going to need to make your salmon patties. So we're starting out with a can of wild-alaskan salmon. Now if you don't want to do it this way this is the whole fish pretty much inside here except head. You'd have to clean it yourself. If you're not interested in cleaning it yourself you can get it in a can like tuna now with all the bones and the skin removed so that's if that's simpler for you go that route. I also have some Worcestershire sauce, onion powder, if you like onion and you like a strong onion flavor feel free to put regular chopped onion in here if you'd like. This is spicy brown mustard but Dijon works great here as well. And egg, some mayonnaise, all based seasoning which you'll find in your spice aisle it's made by McCormick and it's typically something we use for like low-boil kind of shrimp or fish dishes it's fabulous and you'll love it and absolutely must be here for the best recipes I don't leave that out if you can. And then back here of course it's my cleaned can salmon. So let's get started this is really just assembly. This is a recipe that I actually keep on hand all the time. These ingredients are in my pantry all the time so I can throw this together when I can't think of anything else to make. So here's what we're going to do. Move everything over so you can see it's just dump and mix really no skills required. So in goes our mayonnaise put that in first doesn't really matter what order you do this in. We'll put in our egg that's just your binder and because your fish because your fish is already cooked really you're just kind of heating everything up there's no worry about checking temperatures or is it done all the way or any of those things. So we're just going to put all of these in and I'm going to throw in now the exact measurements are over on the feast and farm website I do this by eye because I've been making these for 20 years. So I just kind of throw it in there but feel free to get the ingredients over there. Now I'm going to move my little spatula he's not going to work. Get my fork and I'm just going to kind of whip this together until it's all combined and then we're going to add our binder. Now I use saltine cracker crumbs here but if you don't want to use saltine crackers if you're on a low carb diet or you're diabetic or you're watching your carbs for some reason you can use Parmesan cheese here actually and it works wonderfully and I really think you can leave out the crackers or any of that altogether. My mom always used breadcrumbs in this but I like the crackers. They have a little salt I'm not adding any extra salt here so they do add a little bit of salt but I'm only going to use I don't know a third of a sleeve maybe and I just kind of crunch them in my hands and drop them in there and I don't just load it down and I'm just a few just need to be a lot and I've actually started adding you can add fresh herbs to this, fresh dill or parsley is delicious in here I do that a lot and we just eat these up they're also fabulous, re-warmed and in lunches and a great way to get your omega-3s and your fish and your diet so very very very simple. Okay that's it now let me show you how to form these so all you do in my family they're big eaters so one can of salmon I usually have to double this for the four of us these get eaten in one meal so one can would serve it makes about six patties typically but in our house now that's not enough so you just plan accordingly for your family if you've got little bities who will be eating these just make them tiny ones they don't have to have a big one so I'm making these I don't know three four inches across probably and I'm just kind of dividing that as evenly as I can if you see that one's super tiny and one's great big just borrow from one and give it to the other so that made five for me based on baller family eating size I'm so and I'm in the habit of making them in the size that I know my family will eat so okay so just pat those out they're going to go in a three seventy five oven for about fifteen to twenty minutes until they're just kind of golden brown on the edges don't bake them to death because you don't need to okay so I'll show what they look like when they come out be back in just a second okay our same and patties are out of the oven and they're perfect it was so simple it was about twelve minutes thirteen in the oven or so and they're you know they're just set and farm and I'm going to take a little piece off here to get a bite they smell so good they don't smell overly fishy because we've added plenty of spices and and mustard and all these extra ingredients that take off the edge so if you're not really sure if you're a fish lover this is a really nice recipe to start with I hope you'll make it in your own kitchen very soon tell me how you like it I can't wait to hear thank you so much for following me here on feast and farm cooks don't forget to subscribe before you go you can do that right here or you can watch my most recent video right there thank you so much for being here see you again soon bye