 Hey folks, I'm going to try something today that I've really been curious about. Several of my YouTube buddies have used these Umai dry bags for doing a dry aging of beef. Greg from ballistic barbecue recently used this and this is what I was really intrigued with. It's the Umai shark cuter egg kit and I am really interested in shark cuter egg. I've made my own bacon and stuff before but I've never tried doing things like like prosciutto or a capicola or anything like that. So that's what I'm going to be doing today. I'm going to be using these dry bags. I'm not actually going to use this right now because this is a very long process. So today I'm just going to do what's called a it's a it's a it's Spanish it's called Lomo and it's it's a pork loin that's been dried and it's coated in paprika and I'm going to do it a little bit different. So I'm going to not only coat it with paprika I'm going to coat it with paprika and a mixture of cayenne pepper so it'll be a little spicy. I think that'll taste really good. So let me get get everything going. Let me show you what's going to go into this. Okay we're going to need some black pepper some thyme some sugar some kosher salt and some pink salt. This is known as pink salt it's curry salt. It's sodium nitrite. I want to say that right. Don't worry about that. Don't worry about that. If you really are concerned about nitrates, nitrites, then don't make this but I like it. Some garlic powder, some onion powder and the process says that you need to put all of your your spice ingredients into like a you need to mix them up in pulgarized. I mean you need to grind them and I have this. I have the the quesanard it's called a spice and nut grinder. This is a lot better than one of those little coffee grinders but if you if you can't find this or if you don't have this and you have one of those those coffee grinders you can go ahead and use that but this one is so much better. Okay I've got my spices right here and I've decided I I'm going to use the the InstaCure number two that came with the Umai Shrek Retro Kit because I double checked and looked at the ingredients between this and the the the pink salt that I have and the InstaCure number two is a little bit different. It contains sodium chloride sodium nitrite and sodium nitrate so I'm going to go ahead and use what came with the kit. So here's what I have here. I've got I have to double the spice or double this the spice mix spice rub because I'm using this calls for one and a quarter pound of pork loin I'm using a three pounder so basically just doubling this. So what I've got here is two table spoons of kosher salt a table spoon of sugar a half a teaspoon of InstaCure number two a table spoon of coarse ground black pepper which is not a problem because we're gonna grind it anyway. I've got two teaspoons of garlic powder two teaspoons of dried thyme and this calls for ground cloves but I really don't want to put cloves in this like I sometimes like them but sometimes I don't I'm gonna leave it now. This is my choice right and then I've got four teaspoons of onion powder. So let's get this all into the grinder. Don't put all in. This is another thing that I like about the spice grinder as opposed to a coffee grinder. This is a lot bigger plus this comes out and you can just put it in your dishwasher. It's so much more convenient. So here we go. Don't take your nose directly into it if you take the top off. Yeah see that. That looks good to me. Okay got my spice rub. Let me get the pork get this seasoned up and then into the fridge so stay tuned. Okay got my three pound pork loin roast here and I got this at Sprout so this is like an organic all-natural you know green bed. You want to cook this thoroughly with all of this rub. This is cured. Okay. Just cook this really well. You gotta remember this is the cure. This is gonna once this is in our fridge refrigerator. I'm not gonna see it for two weeks. Add all of this. Okay. Then with our cure. We're adding the cure. Now this is gonna go into the Ziploc bag. We're gonna go into the umai bag yet. We're gonna go into the Ziploc bag for two weeks. Okay I'm gonna place this on a wire rack just on a baking sheet and it's gonna go into the refrigerator for two weeks and I'll periodically check on it and flip it and then I'll bring you back after the two weeks and we'll get on with the actual dry process that I'm really excited to try out. So please stay tuned. Well that has been two weeks in the refrigerator curing. So pan to rinse this off really good and get this Lomo the dry age process starting. So I'm just gonna rinse this off really good and then I'll be right back. Okay I've got my pork rinse really good. You want to rinse that cure off really well and then I've padded the dry with peper down. So now I'm gonna add my paprika and this is a mixture of paprika and cayenne. So I've got two tablespoons of Spanish paprika and a teaspoon of cayenne pepper and I would highly suggest using plastic gloves or rubber gloves for this and now if you do not want to like heavily coat this you want to kind of a light coating. I'm just gonna rub that in on all sides. You don't want to really take it on there because the meat needs to have pretty good surface contact with the umai bags, the dry bags. Okay get this ready. Okay let's get this in the dry bag. Now you want to roll down the top like that. Then slide her in. This is the first. I'm going with the longer do my dry bag. They do have a shorter one but it didn't look like it was gonna fit properly. So I'm gonna go ahead with the longer bag. You see what you want to do that so you don't get paprika and everything all over. Down in let me get my back mouse. I don't know why they call them mouse. I've got my food saver. And then in place that right there make sure you can see it over here. Just like that and then put this into the vacuum chamber. So you want to have this this back mouse right across the ceiling strip. And then this goes down into the vacuum channel. Now I've got this this particular model of the food saver has the moist setting. So I'm going to set that to moist and then seal. Oh back. Sorry this is brand new. That is really cool. Okay join me back here in two months folks and we'll see how how we did. Okay folks this has been a long four month process. I started this on March the 15th and it is July the 12th today. So that's been four months that's the curing, the drying and everything for these Umai dry bags. It's really interesting because I just got my umai dry bags from the Umai's Kickstarter campaign that they recently ended I donated to the Kickstarter fund and that was one of the things that they send you. So I love these things. I'll put a link in the description box where you can find these but they're amazing. So how did the Spanish Lomo turn out? Let's see the the dry bag stayed intact. It did not open. It's still nice and tight. There's no there was no leaks whatsoever. Said I had seen with some people that the the bag had separated or something or had leaked or whatever. So let's go ahead and get this ready. Cutting board here. It feels really nice. Let's check the smell. Wow smells awesome. Now I did do this with not just paprika but also with cayenne pepper. So this is a spicy Lomo. Okay so let's take a look at this. Okay I'm gonna I'm gonna just go ahead and cut about right there just so I can see how this looks. That halfway through the center. Oh my god that looks incredible. Look at that. Beautiful. It smells amazing. Okay let's see if I can shave off some of this. I'm gonna give it a try. That is absolutely beautiful. This is the sharpest knife I have and it's going through this pretty well. You could use an electric slicer and I do have one but I wanted to try to just do this you know old school which is a really sharp knife but I probably will finish it off with a electric slicer just little saves of time. That is absolutely amazing. Okay I'm bone up a teeth. Mmm. Absolute perfection. Okay I better start a bunch of these. That flavor is very it's very mild but it has a great aged pork flavor. The cayenne was just right it's a little spicy but not too spicy and some great flavor from that the paprika. Absolutely amazing. And this was simply a pork roast I bought at my local HEB. Imagine if I used like something like burnt burnt shy pork. I think that's what I'll do next. I'll order some burnt shy pork. Burk shy pork wine. I'll do the same thing but this is definitely good. There you have it folks. That's the umai dry bags they're sharp cutlery bags and like I said I'll put a link in the description box below. If you want to attempt this it really was not that difficult at all. The difficult part was waiting four months. You could do this technically in two months but the longer you dry age it the more flavor it'll have so I decided to go four months on this. I might do one next time as a test. I might do 12 months so we'll see so thanks for watching.