 Hey guys, everyone use of here and I'm a very special treat and guest with us today She is the a double queen of the whole country maybe Asia maybe the world So really excited that you're here today because I get a lot of comments online Where people say that I don't do for the phenocryptopoli I know it's why I think you appreciate it So most of the time it's because I like to put my twists on things But I really like doing traditional recipes as well the way they're usually supposed to be done We're doing one of my favorite breakfast staples. I love a good mongonisa. Yes, so what are we doing today? We're doing something founded with a lot of garlic and stuff Longonisa should always have fat. So these are just back. This is just back fat And then here we have ground beef and then we have ground Corn cut So these are thicker. Yeah, and what's the purpose of having a mince and then like a thicker kind of mince? So that there's more texture. Okay, so just little cubes Fat fat is flavor always so these are just usually just chunks of fat and actually not a lot of people make mongonisa at home I feel like it's something everyone just buys frozen most of the time Yeah, and supermarkets Okay, so now that we have that okay, you can put as much garlic as you want Go this is my fillet. You know, so it makes everything inside. Yes All the garlic and then we will put just enough vinegar To moisten everything but not to not to drain it or drown it Live result Okay, that's fine. And then a little bit better. Okay, I would use brown sugar Just to even out the sourness of the vinegar so maybe just not like that. Okay, now the technique in making mongonisa It's really to smash everything together. And this is the same technique as when you do Shomai. Yeah So how do you know when it's ready? You will know it's like when you're making dough. Okay, it becomes a little firm All right, and then so all of this will be going into our casings. Yeah, so what kind of casing should people ask your butcher for? Well, it's better to buy the commercial casing. Okay, at least you know it's clean I feel like that's the hardest job and I'm gonna break it. Yeah, well no you have to be gentle So I push it down gently Be gentle there. Can you see it is coming out already? So this is how most people would do it in the province is this kind of like a technique that everyone uses actually We learned that from the province from the Palenque. So we're looking for a consistent amount of meat Yes, that's why it helps when the meat is textured or chunky Okay, so we try to take out as much air as there is so this is already good for One person. Yeah, you can even put the egg in the middle like that. So this is a longganisa. Yeah together with that since we're already doing You would need yeah, I wanted to show you how Tapah is made so what kind of first of all we're gonna be should we use for actually? I like tapah with a lot of tapah. Okay, you do not drown this in the marinade Okay, so if this is let's say half a kilo. Maybe you can just put a tablespoon of Patis yeah, just to coat or just to actually just to paint The meat the meat so I add like a little bit very little There that's enough and equal amounts of the patties with that just the patties and There's oyster So much pressure, okay, then mix is To make it more traditional it's a Sun-dried yeah, or you can just quickly fry it or overnight, you know Marinate it overnight. I got smell it. It smells so beefy and just right. It's so simple in your restaurant You can keep this frozen and then just Follow it. Yeah, you see He said you don't really put that much oil Because it you don't release right? Yes, but we have to bring it with some toothpick This is just a release to make sure that there's no air otherwise it might burst you're doing it right How long you could get for usually I depends on how thick you made it usually sausages will take Especially when they're all like this it takes quite a while Maybe ten minutes. Yeah, you have to be patient some would put water first Steam it out first and then fry it why don't you add a little tapos in perfect All right, so we're all done. Mm-hmm now we can try it first It look na pula Right no, no, I love a good peanut grouill I love spicy you make your own make my own vinegar and spice for me make the perfect kind of marriage And what I like actually above both is they both taste clean It doesn't taste like does any preservatives or there's anything fake in there I like I prefer that Thanks for watching guys really appreciate we're doing more videos with Nancy coming up We're putting her reputation to the test next by doing an adobo Hey guys, thank you so much for watching that video make sure you catch all our other videos by clicking all around me And please make sure to subscribe see you soon