 Hi, guys! Welcome to our channel! So today we are going to make macaroni fruit salad. So here are the ingredients. First, we'll add all purpose cream, and we'll add mayonnaise, condensed milk, and of course, our fruit cocktail. Also, we'll add cheese. So I'm adding cheese. So shredded cheese. And then of course, we'll add all purpose cream or all purpose cream. So here are the ingredients. I'm going to add some more. But I'll also add some salt and oil. Before adding the pasta, we'll add some salt so that it won't be too hot. And then make sure that we'll add some salt to make it more delicious. So here we go. Before we start our macaroni salad, don't forget to like our video if you want to see it. And don't forget to subscribe. So let's start. So what we'll do is we'll drain this fruit cocktail. So I'll drain it. So here we go. So I'll drain our fruit cocktail. So after we drain it, we'll add some salt. And then we'll mix our next layer of cream and condensed milk. So we'll mix it. So guys, if you ever have any suggestions, please leave a comment in our videos. And then if you want to try our moichotorias, check our channel and we'll see how much food tutorials and desserts are. So here we go. Now we'll mix it. So we'll add some more of our macaroni to make it more delicious. So we'll mix it. So we'll add some mixture. And we'll add some honey. If you want to add some honey. So guys, we can add some of our honey. So that's why. So we'll add some. So this time we'll add some honey. So we'll add some honey. Well, then we can add our fruit cocktail. Then we'll mix it. And lastly, we'll add shredded cheese. So if you want to add cheese, you can add some cheddar cheese. So that's it. And then we'll add some macaroni fruit salad. So guys, this is our finished product. We'll add some macaroni fruit salad. So we'll mix it. So if ever you want to add some honey or some honey, you can add some cheddar cheese. So you can add some of our dark cubes of cheddar cheese and some of our toppings. So this time because it's creamy, guys. But we'll also observe how our cream and our rice are going to be. So that's all guys. So thank you for watching, guys. And then don't forget to like and subscribe to our channel. Thank you. Have a nice day.