 Hi, this is Alex, the inventor of the stain station. Here today to give you a few little tips that I hope will help with your laundry workload. Okay, today is going to be a really fun day here. We have that mustard stain. I think a lot of us know these are not easy to get out, all right? So I'm going to show you a few tricks today. We're going to be using the stain station to assist you in getting this stain out. All right, we're going to take the washboard top off. We don't need that right now. Again, you know this can be used in the sink. You simply take the drip tray off, put it right in the sink. It works great. Today we're going to use it right here so I can demonstrate how I'm hoping to get this mustard out. All right, so mustard has tan, which means it's a dye. So it's really, really hard. You don't want to spread it. You don't want to rub it in. So you're going to try to lift it out of the fabric. That's the trick, all right? First thing I'm going to do is I want to treat the front of the shirt, where the most of the mustard is. The main part of the stain. Okay, of course there's a white and blue top, which is not helping. So we're going to slow this fabric on. We're going to open up the fibers a little bit there. All right, so don't want to put water on it because if you put water on it, you're going to immediately the dye is going to spread and you're going to stain up a good part of the shirt. So I have a little solution here. Again, it's a detergent that's going to hopefully break up this oil and keep the color from spreading. So of course, if I just put a little bit on there, all right, I'm going to let that sit for just a second. I'm going to blot it with a paper towel. You can do it with a towel, but I like to do paper towel. We're just going to blot this stain, keep it nice and tall and we're just going to blot it a few times. Oh, good. It's coming out. Okay. Now what I'm going to do is I'm going to turn this over. This is what makes the stain station really easy to work with any kind of stain remover because you can treat either side of the fabric and you know exactly where that stain is. Even if you can't see it from the other side, but we can see this one from the other side. All right, same thing. I'm not going to put any water on yet. I'm going to adjust it on this side as well. A little bit of this kind of blot it. This is working really good. So excited. I like this shirt. Oh, okay. So now I'm going to just brush really lightly, but I'm not going to brush anywhere but where that stain is. And just on this side for now, just on the back side, reverse side. All right. Then we're going to take a spray bottle, really target the stream and we're going to put this through. Now what this is going to do is it's silking the other side. But the other side is not resting against anything. So it's not going to push this thing back into the clothes. It's just going to simply drip right out through the fibers into the base of the stain station. All right. This is working pretty good out here. So I'm excited. Again, it's all loosening up. Now something like this might take a few rounds. You might not do this in a few rounds, but this is looking really good. So I'm excited. The soap is still on there, so that's good. I would like to let this sit a few minutes longer. Now we'll come back and see how this worked. Be right back with you. Okay. It's been about 20 minutes. We came back and very impressed. The stain is gone. So it worked. Now remember, there's lots of great stain removers out there. I'm sure each of you have your own tricks. Have your favorite stain removers, but the stain station is the perfect laundry tool to get the best results from your stain removers. Thanks a lot. See you soon. Stay tuned. We have a lot more tricks from using the stain station and getting those tough stains out.