 I'm making my famous hot water cornbread that I grew up on with my grandmother. She made it with greens, we had it with beans, oh we had it with smothered pork chops or whatever kind of meat that she was cooking and we she did cook pig feet, she cooked pig tails and also she cooked chitlins. She would always have hot water cornbread with her breakfast in the morning with scrambled eggs and she would have salt pork, fried salt pork with it. Oh that was so good. Okay so today I'm going to have cornmeal, I'm going to use bacon powder, I'm going to use corn starch and I'm going to use salt and I'm starting this cookbook and you will know what all the measurements of everything that I'm going to be making the hot water cornbread with. So right now I'm just about to start, I'm going to use my cornmeal. Okay, I'm going to use my cornstarch. Also I'm going to use my bacon powder. I'm going to stir all of this up. Everything in here. All mixed up together. Okay now I'm going to get my hot water. My glasses, plus also I'm getting ready to get down to the meaty grease with mixing up this hot water cornbread. Then there's one cup I ordered, here's another cup. Oops, you have to be careful with this. You mix it to the consistency that you wanted to be. As it sits, it will become thicker. Here my grease is in another here and get ready. Get ready. Also, I'm going to put a little bit more, you just have to add two. Add a little bit of time. There we go. I think this should be enough. Okay, right now I'm going to test my oil to make sure that it's ready for my cornbread to go into the skillet. What I'm going to do, I'm going to take a pinch of cornmeal and put it in the grease and if it fries up, it's ready. See that? It's ready. Okay, I have my cool bowl of water over here to cool my hands. You do your hands like this cornmeal, they're clean. Okay, I take my cornmeal mixture because that's real hot. Okay, I'm going to put it into the grease. Try not to splash it. There you go. Number one. Here we go, number two. Wow. Okay, give your hands back in water. This cornmeal mixture is very, very hot. It looks yucky but it's going to be good. Okay, sometimes you can't get all of them the same size but pretty much the same size. See? That one looks like a little turtle right there. Okay, here we go with one more. Let's see if it's making back. See that? That's it. Here we go one more. One more. That's hot. How is this being? I'm going to put it in the middle of the mold in several. It could be about eight. You hear this in browning on the other side of the patties. When it starts browning on the other side, all we do is flip them over and cook them on the other side. I should say it should take about 15 minutes to finish these old patties. About 7 and a half on one side, flip it over and about 7 and a half on the other side. Okay? Let's check and see. No, it's not brown enough. Okay, if you like yours hard, you can cook it a little bit longer. Okay, now it's time to flip out cornbread. Oh, on the other side, you got to be careful so you won't burn yourself. See how golden that is? Here I go with another one. Isn't that pretty? But this like my grandma's. She was always teaching me how to cook something. Or either if she didn't teach me how to watch it. Okay, here I go. That one's pretty brown. That's pretty golden, isn't it pretty? Oh, just looking. Now these two, my big ones were the very last ones that I put into my cornbread mixture. Okay, listen how crunchy that is. I want to tell you a little story about I had cousin that lived in Oklahoma. And my aunt was frying the hot water cornbread. So she goes in there and she gets two slices of bread. So we wondered what she was going to do with the bread. The cornbread, fried cornbread, was already on the plate. So she runs over and she gets her two pieces of bread. So she reaches over there and she gets a piece of the hot water cornbread. She puts it between two pieces of bread and she starts eating. My aunt said, oh no honey, you don't eat it like that. So she said, why? She said, I always like fish like this. She said, that's cornbread. She always looks so good. I thought it was salmon croquettes. So everybody started laughing. So now I think it's a little crunchy. Let's see. I think I can work with it now. Okay, a few pieces of it. Do you know what I'm going to do? Oh yeah, this is ready. Oh yeah. Yes it is. Hey baby. I'm ready. Are you ready? Okay. Here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to take it. Hold on once that. I got a plate here. Make sure you put just a paper towel on your plate. So I'll show up some of the grease because it does. It's still a little greasy. Okay. Here's go one. Here goes another one. Don't ever stick your fork until you're cornbread. Just pick it up and lay it down just like that. See that all around there? You have to do that. All of them are not going to be the same size. Okay, these are my last three that is cooking right now. And just a little bit. I'm going to fix me a plate with my greens, my tartar greens, and my ham hops, and my cucumbers and my onions that I prepared to eat. This is the end of the result. I'm going to make a plate and I'll be right back. I've got to get the thumb down here. Because I'm going to get ready to plate this. I'm going to use some greens, my cucumbers, and my onions. I'm about to get down with this food. I've got my pickled beets. I have my cucumbers. I have my peppers. I have my greens, my ham hops, my hot water cornbread, and I've got me a green onion here. And I'm getting ready to get down with this food. I've got this food. How it looks. Fix your thumb. Subscribe to my channel. Today. Bye-bye. See you later.