 Hey guys, today we're going to be looking at the honey that we produce here at UKU. We grow, as you know, we have some bee hives. Now we all want nice, runny honey to be able to sell or to eat them or have you. But as we know, quality honey actually crystallizes over time. So in today's episode, we're going to look at how you can turn this crystallized honey back into a liquid honey with very few bits of equipment, no honey warmers and things like that. We're going to do it on a very basic scale. So we've just got one hive and you've got a couple of frames of honey that you want to do and this is a good way. So I have a bucket of honey that I put by earlier last year and I'd forgotten about it today so I'm going to make this honey for sale available via Facebook. If I was to pull a lid off it, you can see where this honey has started crystallizing. There's 15 kilos of honey here. All we need to do, we're going to get it make a little trip, we're going to put a, here we've got a big sort of pan full of water and we are going to make, put these on the bottom, we're going to sit this on top of that. Now this pan isn't boiling water but it is quite hot and we're going to keep stirring the honey over the next sort of half an hour or so until it all turns back to the liquid. You do not want the honey to get too hot, okay? If you get too hot to destroy those enzymes in the honey so you've got to be very careful. If it starts getting warm then you need to take it off, you know, too hot then you need to take it off, let it cool down a little bit and then continue the thing. But like I said this won't be a problem, this honey isn't going to get that hot. So what we need to do here is put in our two little sticks, lift the honey and then we'll put it down into this pot. There we have it. And I don't know if you can see how high the water is there. Now we can turn the gas up just a little bit because obviously that water will cool down if it isn't due to the honey being so cold. And that's all we need to do. And the next thing is to get a slotted spoon and give the honey stir but you can see just how thick and crystallize this honey is. That isn't going to go into a jar like that and be liquid, okay? So this is what we're looking for at the end. Okay guys so as you can see now this is getting much more liquidy. Okay so we're going to give it a good stir. Now all the water is on a bit of a boil. Further down you can see it's still quite crystallized but it won't be long and we've probably been about 15 minutes to this point. So we're going to leave that there and we're just going to take a temperature reading of the honey. So I'm going to hold. Still going up so let's wait a minute. I just settled off there so let's okay so we're only at four degrees as you can see. Okay so we're only at 40 degrees literally that's just lukewarm. In fact it's not even lukewarm. That's nice and sweet. Okay guys so as you can see now we've got a little bit of white scum that's what you need to settle in tank for but now we have nice runny honey. It's not hot as you can see. It's very sweet and this is ready now to cool down and get bottled. There's no granulation in it at all now. It's very nice and very nice and runny. You can't taste no grit in it or anything and that's the way to do it. Now you just need to make sure that you don't overheat this honey otherwise you'll end up losing a goodness out of it. But this is ready now to come out and we're going to put it into another container and we will fill the first container even when it's hot and I'll show you that now. Be very careful but it isn't boiling but the water is. We've got 15 kilos here. Let's get this bucket up the way. So there you have it we're just going to scrape that out to that. Every little drop. Done to what I done. Tipping all over the place. Okay, so now we are ready. This can cool down now and then we can bottle it and we will come back to you when we put some in the bottles but for now this is just going to cool down a little bit cooler than it actually is. Like I said you can literally touch it. It's beautiful stuff and it's not hot. You know what I was sugar would be like if it was hot it would be taking a skin off my hands. It's only lukewarm and we can bottle that so we'll come back in a second now when this cools down. Okay guys so this is cool down now and we're going to extract them into a container a couple of jars. I use these 8.6 hagonal jars and they come with a nice gold top. So we're just loosen off the honey gate and when we pull it out we just lift it very slowly. Excuse my hand. There we go. One nice full jar of honey. This bucket is now settled and as you can see the honey is lovely and clear. Okay and we've just poured this there's a few little bubbles in it but over the next couple of hours those bubbles arise through the surface. So we're going to do the same thing now. I'm going to pour three. Oops. Done to do that. That one's all over the side. Okay give me one second while I wipe this one up. Okay. And then so we've got three nice jars of honey here and all we have to do is put these stickers on. There's three stickers that I put onto my jars. So first one is a seal and that shows that the top hasn't been tampered with. The next one is some instructions and the third one is all our details here. So we start with the seal first. I'm not sure if you're able to see this. I'll come here and it's literally just central it. Like it down the side then we've got the instructions and last but not least we've got our little logo and our details on there. And there you have it guys from a bucket of honey that was solid just a couple of hours ago. We now have a jar of nice, runny honey that is ready for sale. So we'll do the other two stickers and later on I will crack on with doing the rest of this and we will make this available via our Facebook group for people to buy. As I said you know this year we're going to be doing a lot of videos about the bees as well as the gardening and hopefully we're going to be raising our own queens and expanding our bee operation from 20 hives up. Now typically with bees you lose about 30% throughout the winter. I'm hoping that we don't lose that many. They have feed on them but you never can tell. So there you go guys. There's the three jars of honey bottled ready for sale. We sell them at 450 a jar and this bucket now will go and these will get put by as you can see it's nice and liquid ready to go. Well there it is 68 jars came out of that bucket. We just got to put the labels now on all of these. I've had help off Caitlyn and Tina helped me jar them up ready and cleaning up any spillages and things like that. So now all we're going to do is get the labels on them and they're ready to go. Anyway guys I hope that was of interest too if you was it the subscribe button and the stay tuned for more bee videos. We'll be having plenty more as we come. Thanks very much and I'll see you in the next episode.