 Do you ever watch a film and then a really good food scene comes up and it makes you just drool all ugly all over yourself? Well that's how you feel whenever I watch Disney's The Princess and the Frog when Tiana's making those beautiful heavenly vignettes. So today I'm deciding to recreate them. It's easier to make than you think. First thing we're going to do is bloom some yeast. So I boil some water earlier and it's been sitting here in a mug just so it could cool down a bit. And the goal is to get this to about 110, 115 degrees. Just going to add this to a bowl. Pop in some yeast. And feed them a little bit of sugar. Just about half of this mixture. Okay so you don't want the liquid to be too cool because then they won't activate. You don't want to be too hot because you don't want to kill the yeast. And then let it sit there for about 10 minutes or so you're going to see it bloom and form this little cloud. It's been about 12 to 15 minutes. Look at how much it's bloomed. Now what this is going to do is make a really airy pillowy vignette. And if you've never had a vignette it's basically a prior piece of dough. So it's a doughnut. I'm making it in your own style today. To this I'm going to add an egg and some evaporated milk. You could use regular whole milk but I personally think that bignets made with evaporated milk tastes better. I usually have some sort of science explanation for this but I don't right now. I've got all-purpose flour. I'm going to add this in several additions a little bit at a time along with the rest of the sugar and a little bit of salt. It starts looking like a pancake batter. Once it gets too thick to mix with the whisk, go in with the spatula. It should be a very sticky dough so don't worry and don't try to keep adding flour. Now when it gets to this point I like to dump it out and eat it just a little bit. So flour my board. Dump it out. Let's do that very gently so you're not going to try to over-need this kind of like when you make a pizza dough. You just want it to come together and eat a little bit of smooth. Now I see it's starting to smooth out. You're done. Don't mess with it anymore. Next, oil up a big bowl. Big enough so that when you add the dough and it rises it's going to double in size. Oil everything so that we get too sticky in there. Drop in the dough. I think you can throw it around in the oil for a little bit. Cover it up. And let it sit in here preferably in a warm spot. For about two hours that's how long it usually takes me. Look how plump it is. You see all these air bubbles. Now comes my favorite part. Punch it down. Like an old you money. Generously flour your board. It looks like a lot. That's because once we roll this out and cut them up it's going to be sitting here for a while. You need the flour so it isn't stick. And like a tiara's friend Lottie would say you don't want it sweating like a sinter in church. I love the smell of his endo. Strip for a little bit of a rectangle. Make it an even layer. Not too thick. Not too thin. The classic shape of a bignier is a square. So I have a bench scraper here you can also use a really sharp knife, a pizza cutter. You just want to square off the edges so you can make even amounts of squares. And she cut all the way through to the edge. I have some squares that are tiny bit smaller than the others. That's okay. Usually these are the testers or for the dog. And my dog I mean my fat ass. You can use a deep fryer or a cast iron skillet like I have here. And I filled it with neutral tasting oil. So I've got canola checking the temperature here. You want it at 380. Any less than that the dough is going to soak up too much oil and any higher than that it's going to brown out too quickly outside before the inside can cook. So 380 is what you're aiming for. Now these little edges we have here are perfect for testing the oil. Pop it in very carefully. Right away it stays afloat. It starts bubbling. I like to drop in just a few at a time about three. Gently pop it in. And they cook for just a few minutes on each side. This is done just drain off the excess. And I like to put them here on a rack so that it can drain out even further. And I'm going to fry up the rest and then dress it up like Tiana with honey and powdered sugar. Hey look at me I'm the princess and the frog. Yeah I know. I'm extra. Extra fabulous. Tada. Oh yeah nice light and paley. I hope you had this a try. I'll see you next time. Bye!