 Dark Dark Dark Dark Dark Dark Dark Dark Dark Dark Dark Dark Do you know what's deep in here? valley hooks. It's getting close to Thanksgiving and everyone will probably make a pie. So I have decided to test which pie crust is actually the flakyest and the tastiest. I'm not sure if the flakyest will be the tastiest but we're about to find out. Personally, if you're a good cook and you've got a good feeling in the pie crust, that's all I need. I'm not that picky about pie crust. There's a lot of people out there that seem to really be interested in their pie crusts. A lot of them want you to make them homemade and I personally have never made one homemade that I thought was that much better than buying one. And I'm sure that there's plenty of y'all that will disagree with me but I have pretty good taste buds. Trust me. That's what I'm doing there. So maybe we'll get a surprise in the outcome. Now all of their deep dish pie crusts were broken all to pieces which is a little bit of a sign that they're flaky but it's also a sign that they're stock people don't take care of their pie crust. So this is a Walmart. So we're going to make one of those three calendars. Hers is packed the best of anybody's. They're really thin but I'll go ahead and tell you it takes them a lot longer to cook. They come and patch a pan that can actually be reused. They have a nice shell over the top of them. They got good cellifying around them. You don't have to be about worry about these being broken up. That's the Murray calendar deep dish. Now these are misrissed smants. Hers too are a little thicker but not not even close to being as thick as Murray calendars. This one is a misrissed smants. Hers has the yellow look just like Walmart's does. The pastry looks the same color as the Walmart pastry. The Murray calendar pastry is a lot more white. This is the pet ritz. This is what mama always used. Deep dish pie crust. Now the one on the bottom is always the prettiest one. So that's the one I'm trying to use. And that's actually the darkest one of all so far. I'm just going to vague one each at three seventy five until they get golden brown. Now there's four different ones that are frozen we're going to make. They all have a different design around the edges so that it's easy for me to tell them apart. But what my favorite thing to do is not the frozen pie crust. It's actually the refrigerated pie crust. And I made my cherry pie several months back with a Walmart pie crust. I normally just buy whatever grocery store I'm in. And it seemed to be the flakyest to me. So I'm just testing the pills vary and the Walmart. The great value. Okay. Now with these you do have to have your own pop light. And they work perfect and a non-ant regular pop light in order to make them look pretty around the age. Anyway I picked up this partial. I like these because they're lightweight. The silicone ones are heavy and I don't think I want something that heavy on the edges of my crust. Another thing I'm not going to do is I'm not going to prick them with the fork. Because the reason is because some pies like the con and stuff like that where you've got a really runny feeling you don't need to prick it with a fork. It just makes the the stuff run down underneath the crust. Lots of times we prick them with a fork to keep them from swelling up while we're pre-baking them but I'm just not even going to do that. We're going to see which one turns out the prettiest without having to do that. Walmart. Hit wits. Misres smiths. Now she was in the bags. She's a little bit browner. Marie calendars. Her crust is really too thick. Y'all look at it. Walmart's. And Pillsbury. Two refrigerated does. This one's well but it doesn't really have any crack in it at all to breathe. The prettiest one that didn't swell up without pricking it is the pet rients. Big dish. It's got one swollen part right here. Okay. This one's cracked a lot. It's the Walmart one. And this one has cracked a lot. It's misres smiths. This one's not cracked at all but it's blown up. So if you're going to use a recount or a pie crash you definitely need to prick it with a fork. So I wouldn't recommend using it for a pie that you're going to be putting in a real liquidy feeling then. A lot of pecan. I would not use it. It's kind of pre-baked. Prick it with a fork. Pre-baked. Use it for like a cream pie. But now it's got a lot of crust. So it's corn. It lacks a lot of deep crust. All right. The smallest crumbliest ones are Walmart's which uses real lard. And this one which is misres smiths. Oh. We're going to put these in little cuts. And we're going to blog follow crates and he's going to come in here and taste up them and tell us which one he thinks has the best flavor. Now before he comes in here let's just pick them up. Now that they're cooled enough. And let you all just see what they look like when I break them up more. More. You may just have to cook it just to tag longer than the rest of it. But it's nice and brown so just it pulled up together like this one did in big large flakes. But it's flaky. Patriots. I'm going to leave some of it shallow out because that's how I tell these frozen ones. See the frozen one how it's doing. It's a lot softer than the patriots y'all. Much softer. This is this is really crunchy but not flaky at all. Where's as even better than the Walmart and better than the Patriots. Marie calendars. I smell them. This smells like cake batter kind of. This smells like a good old-fashioned pie crust. This smells like it's got a different kind of oil in it and we'll talk about what kind of oils they had in them all post-bought. That just kind of smells like a refrigerated dough does like a canvass kit. And so does this one. You might okay those were both refrigerated crusts and they are hands down better than frozen crusts. Okay so do you want to try the frozen ones one more time? Yeah. Y'all every crust that he picked, Lord is used in it. And that's something. The two refrigerated crusts have Lord. He chose petriots which has Lord. Now if the hardest one for us and the ugliest one broken up. But if you want to actually taste it. Right. Those are ones. If you want it real mild then those are ones. His second was misrissmints, frozen. His first was petriots, second misrissmints, third Marie calendars and Walmart were a tie with blend. I like this. First one you gave me the best. I'm in that. In that one. Right. Can I taste the two refrigerated ones? Yummy. That is so much better than the frozen ones. Right. Yeah. Oh my gosh they're better so good. They're almost identical. But the Walmart went baked at so much prettier so. Okay. Walmart was the first one by the way that it makes it. And it mismissed me as was the first one. But the frozen ones. And you would, I need a smell. And this one is the second one. What is the Walmart? I told them. And they taste almost exactly the same. I told them. Yeah. When I smell them I can tell what kind of oils in them. And this one smells like a good old-fashioned pie crust to me. This is the winner for refrigerated Walmart. Hands down is just beautiful. Gorgeous. The winner for frozen crusts. Hands down to me. Mr. Smiths. Now it's kind of oily a little bit. It's not the flakyest. The flakyest is Marie Calder's. But she uses a different kind of oil in hers. And it doesn't have a good flavor to me. How have you enjoyed this session of What Should I Buy for my pie? Which one is that? Just you've picked them up and smelled them. Because smell is a sense too. Smell how good that smells. Yeah, these are like stronger smell. Say that. Say that one smells more like a cookie. A sugar cookie. Yeah, like a cake mix. I say it. So yeah, that's why I think you picked it. Because you've always been a Pillsbury fan. A lot of stuff sugar. Yeah, crazy is a Pillsbury fan. But these, I mean if I was eating a pie, I would think that these would be better. I'm not sure if it's the best. Because it's a period. It doesn't have a flavor that would overwhelm anything. But if you wanted to taste the crust, you could get the ovens even if you wanted it. All right, y'all. Hands down to me. If you want my pie for the holidays, Walmart. Look how beautiful that is. Walmart. Refreterated dough.