 Hi my beautiful friends so I'm here today with Layla! Hey guys! And Layla has asked me for months, months, at least months, to help her do a closet clean out. The reason she asked me is because I actually used to work as an image consultant and I used to do this for people. So I would come to their homes and they would pay me to help them go through their wardrobe and you know do the whole wardrobe detox. That's what I used to call it. So there's a few simple rules that we're going to follow today and it's going to feel great because right now Layla has a huge wardrobe but it consists of a lot of things that she's had for years. So like you can say yeah, I worn and re-warned and re-warned them so many times that yes there's stuff in the closet but when I go to wear something I'm like I have nothing to wear. I don't know what to wear, it's so frustrating. I'm looking at all these things and I'm like I just want to get rid of everything and start from scratch but obviously I'm not going to just get rid of everything. So that's why when I was moving I had me and he's like can you just come and help me get rid of things because I have a hard time deciding should I keep it because it looks fine. It's a good piece but I've worn it so many times. So anyways I hope today we'll find the get to keep what I need. So one thing I want to mention is doing a closet clean out is easier to do with a purge especially if you're one of those people that like to keep getting off our time. I have attachment to things then have a friend or family member to help you go through this stuff and kind of help you purge because purging is important for you. Because if you think things are not working the reason you're thinking of that is because they're not working. So it's really important for you to just let go of all the things you can and then keep the best things that do work and then once you add new things you can just mix it up and have an awesome wardrobe that you love and that makes you feel great. So one of the main things that I do with my personal wardrobe and I always recommend it my clients and I'm telling you right now is to keep your closet seasonal. And what I mean by that is to keep it summer, spring and summer fall and winter. What that means is that you do a closet clean out twice a year, kind of go through the whole wardrobe. Figure out what you don't need anymore and give it away and also move the summer stuff into some boxes, put it in storage, put it in the basement, put it in whatever you have some room to put it maybe second closet that you have. So put it in a box so it's not like hanging there and just keep seasonal things that you are going to wear in the season. See like there's no point to have sweaters, sweat addresses, always bulky things, cluttering in your wardrobe in the summer because you're not going to wear it when you open your wardrobe you want it to be seasonal. So that's number one. Number two right now we're going to be getting rid of all the plastic hangers. Lail has a lot of plastic hangers. Personally they look cheap and they don't really hold the clothes well. Yeah, everything always folds up. Yeah, it slides up. It just feels cheap. Personally that's what I think. I recommend these velvety fabric. They're awesome. They're awesome. I got them from Costco. I don't know if they still have them when I was moving. I got like four boxes and each one is like 50 per box. And that's why I've been really excited to like change over to these but I wanted to get rid of things first. So I'm so excited. Yeah, I would recommend either these which are great or I personally have wooden ones. I like them. They were fine for me. So either or you know they just lift up your wardrobe right away make it look more fancy. Just like you feel better when you're looking for clothes. And clothes like it meets the life of a closed love. Yeah, like the shape of the clothes everything. So the first thing we're going to do is go through Lail's winter stuff. Things that don't fit you anymore you have to get rid of. So maybe you've lost weight or you've gained weight. Okay, doesn't really matter if it doesn't fit you right now it should not be hanging in your wardrobe. If you gain weight and you have some things there that you know you hope to lose weight and fit into them again. Fine, do not throw them out. Put them away though because they're not fitting you right now. You opening your wardrobe and seeing things that don't fit you. Do they really make you feel those frustrates? Yeah, you frustrate you. So fine, don't throw it out if you think it's perfect jeans or that blazer that used to fit you before you had a baby or before you gain weight. It doesn't matter how you cut there. It's fine. If you want to keep it because you were going to eventually work almost in weight just put it away. But it shouldn't be nothing that doesn't teach you should be in your wardrobe. So right now we're going to be going through all this winter sweaters and sweater dresses. And just figuring out what Laila doesn't want to keep anymore and purging it away. So we're going to be making two piles and one pile is going to be things that we're going to begin with away donating. Usually you give it to Mom, right? Yeah, I give it to my Mom and she usually distributes it. We're from Azerbaijan, sometimes she sends it over there. People that need can reuse the clothes. So it makes you feel really good knowing that it's going to be people that use it for years now. Somebody else is going to use it for years. So there's going to be a huge pile of donation and another pile which I don't know if it's going to be a big one for you is going to be things that don't fit you but you can alter. So maybe a trailer. Oh, sorry, yeah, you can tailor. So the altar tailor. Yeah. So maybe a long dress or pants that are too long or anything, a blazer that doesn't fit. It doesn't matter what it is, if it doesn't fit you, you might not have to throw it out. Just get a tailor to fit you. Exactly. So let's begin. Let's get started. Are you excited? Yeah. Okay, let's do it. I don't know. Have you worn it in the last year? I think I have recently actually. Yeah. So another really important rule that you must have when you're doing a closet clean out. If you haven't worn it in the last year, you've got to get rid of it. If you haven't worn it in the four seasons that were previously, what makes you think that you're going to wear it in the next four seasons? Yeah. So if you haven't worn it, just give it away. Or if it's a sentimental piece, which I don't know if you have many of those. No, you're not very sentimental. But I know a lot of us do have sentimental pieces. Like I still have a shirt that clothes anyways. Yeah, I have this shirt that me and I were on a first date with Alex. So I have it, but it's sort of way in a box with my sentimental pieces. So any sentimental college t-shirt, boyfriend gave it to you for your husband. Your father gave it. It doesn't matter what kind of sentimental piece it is. If you're not wearing it and you're only keeping it because, oh, I can't get rid of it. It's very special. Oh, I can't get rid of it. Yeah, totally cool with it. But if you're not wearing it, put it away out of the closet. When you need to revisit it, you open the box, you look at it, you remember, maybe you'll pass it on to your daughter or whatever. But it shouldn't be in your wardrobe. So this one, you think you can keep it. Well, keep it. It's a nice basic. Yeah. It's a nice, light, great cardigan. You know, it's a good basic to have. You're going to be comfortable. Yeah. You're going to mix it up. There's no holes or it's not a damaged piece. Yeah. And it fits well. Yeah, it fits well. So we're just going to toss it in the key pile. And then we're going to switch the hangers up to. I'm not even going to ask you about this one. This one's just got a bomb. Sorry. What did you get this? I don't know, a couple years ago. Did you ever wear it? I wore it a few times. I just think it's a little tagged in. Yeah. This is going. It's going. Bye. I don't know. Should I try the one? See, this is a set of metal. This is a set of metal. This is a set of metal. This is a set of metal. These pants, I've had, oh my god, eight or nine years. At least. And they're like the traveling pants, you know, the traveling pants. You wore them. I wore them. We would wear them like back and forth. Every time I went traveling, I would steal them from her. They're crazy. You got to try them on. They're like a flare. What are they called? The flare. They have the flare bottom. But you know what, they're a good classic piece. I think they're going to be huge on me now, actually. I think they're either going to be big or if you look at them, maybe they're some imperfections. They're pretty good quality. They're all like from sirens, which is like, you know, an inexpensive brand. But a couple of years ago, they used to be like that. Try it on. Okay, let me. I'm going to come out of the closet now. Oh, he's coming out of the closet. So, I don't know. They're like the traveling pants. They always put them on. No matter what way you are, they still freaking fit. I don't understand. The only way I'm going to let you keep it, they actually make your ass look really nice. I'm cute. The only way you're going to keep it if you're going to wear it. But it's flare pants and you can keep it in or not. I would wear them with a cute converse shoes and like a striped pattern on any converse shoes. We need to get into some converse. Or any kind of flats, right? Yeah, it's a cute. This is like a very classy, cute, or what I always did. Well, not really high waisted, but they're very cute. I like them. I think you should keep it. I think you should keep it. But only with the length you're going to wear it. You are going to wear it. Alright, I promise. Okay. If you don't see me wearing it in the next six months, then we have to go over that. Alright, that works. Similar dress. But they fit really well. I don't know. I've worn it, I think, one or two. It's a big bead dress. You know what? I realize what I don't like is cap sleeves. Same thing with this. Yeah, I don't like cap sleeves either. It's just something about our frame. It doesn't. It doesn't flatter. It's flatter, yeah. I don't wear any t-shirts. See how it gives you color. Yeah, I like more like tanked, tight, tall shirts. Yeah, dresses are shirt. Or like three quarters shoes. Yeah, exactly. I don't know what you think. Because I've worn it once or twice. I personally like the colors are more fall. So not really your colors either. Yeah. So I would say go. So we're done with all the winter stuff. Thank God. And now we're on to the exciting things like dresses. And I think this is all of your collection, right? I think this is all the dresses. Yeah, I have like going from short sleeves, summer dresses, to all the way like three quarters sleeve, more like fall spring dresses. Okay, so let's begin with these. What do you think? Um, I wore it to salsa. I like it. It's a denim jacket. It's a perfect, lately spring when it comes to her coloring. This is a perfect spring color. I'm not very crazy about the fit. But I like how light it is. And it's like a good piece just to throw on like good stuff. Yeah, I think it's a good summer dress. I'd say keep it. Okay, perfect. Keep while. It fits you nice because you got it. Actually, I have to tailor it. You do. Okay, I have to tailor this part right here. Perfect. So this is going to go, yeah, they're too long. They're too long, yeah. Well, I should show it on. Yeah. So we have to sort of trim this part a little bit. Just fit it to your shoulders. Yeah. Can you tie any shoulders? Yeah. Okay, perfect. I love thinking. So this is going to tailor part of it. Actually, this one has a sentimental value. I wore it to Mimi's wedding in Dominican three years ago, three summers ago. So now it's sentimental. And I wore it a couple weeks ago to salsa. Okay, perfect. So because that was going to be my next question. Yeah. If it's sentimental, I did wear it. But you're not wearing it. I'm not too crazy about the fit, but it's a cute little dress for. I think you wear it. Yeah. Yeah. Or like dancing. Is this from Mendocino? I think so, yeah. Yeah, it's a cute dress. You want to have in your wardrobe only this thing. But it's sparkling. That you love. That make you feel good. That make you feel great. I like this part of my wardrobe. You don't know if I don't wear it. God help me. Okay, why are you thinking that? You're going to play it, right? Giving it away. No, no, no, no, no, no. This one. Okay, then you better say you're going to wear it. You have to wear it at least once. Or maybe it's a salsa or something. I don't like the neckline. It makes me feel like I'm self-cating. But I like this part. You just farted and said the question. But I just like to say, it's like a decoration. We can have decorations. No. Why? The whole point is to have a look at the picture. Right? The whole point is to have one piece. You've got to work with me here. Keep. This one is cute, but I don't think I'm going to wear it. Another one, my dress. Yes, I know. Can you see how lately it's such a red? She was born in the year of a red. She's like a red. Hangs on to everything. Not everything. Things that fit and I know I wear them. Because all those dresses I wear. This one I wear it to, but I don't think I want to wear it anymore. Again, because of the neckline. I know. I felt like I was suffocating. And the material is very heavy. This is how way with the salsa. All the stuff. Two, two, two. One, two, three. Don't think twice. Exactly. If you get an urge, if you think you don't like it, that means there's every definite sign to get it. You have no problem with meeting things like I love it. I'm just going to go. I love it. I don't like the fit of that one. I love the colors, but the fit is so important. You can love the pattern. You can love the style. But the fit is off. If the fit is off, you know how it meets you. You naturally do not gravity towards that. It's wearing it, hence it just sits there. Exactly. And you feel like you have nothing to wear. Bye-bye. Which part? These are such great basics to have. I love these. Just like solid colors that you can wear under a blazer. And they fit so much under a blazer, you can tuck them in the skirt. So it's perfect. How many things do you wear at home? It's good. Seriously, you don't need so many things to wear at home. You only do. I switched them off every few days. You spend way too much time at home, girl. I work at home, so hello. Okay, we can get rid of them. Thank you very much. Because if I need it, I'll just buy it. I can't remember where you were in this in years. It looks like it's really long. It's really long. It's really well on my bum. Maybe I can, unless you're going to tailor it. If you're going to tailor it. Yeah, it looks tailorable. Because that's probably the reason you have a warning. It's because you know, like, oh, I have to wear it, but this is just a kind of shabby. Yeah, I'm going to tailor it. Because they fit my bum really well. Okay, so we're going to clip this in a special tailoring section. Don't hear. Okay. These ones. Oh, I can't stand these. This is a sentimental one. I know. She just told me everything here she went through. Yeah. Okay. No, only because it's, it's flair, and I didn't keep anything flair. I'm putting them here. What about these? These? Yes. It's not you. Like, guys. What the hell is this? No, they're really like comfortable kind of army pants, but it's not my style. Yeah. I did wear them quite a bit. So that's it. I think the only time you ever wore them was like a roll shirt from the beginning. Yeah, exactly. So you can still look cute on a roll shirt. Yeah, with these? Yeah, with the order. Like it. Yeah. Horse, what pants. Horse, what pants. So we're finally done cleaning out the whole closet. It took us like a few hours, right? A couple hours. I think at least two, three hours. And we only went through clothes today because lately recently we went through all her shoes and accessories. But if you're going to be doing this to yourself then you've got to make sure that you're too distracting. You get to want to go. You've got to make sure that you go through your accessories with the same rules. You know, if you haven't worn it, give it away. If it doesn't fit, give it away. And same thing with the shoes. Look at things like, you know, if you need to replace the heel, is it going to cost you more to replace it? So more than getting you here, you know, like all those things. So how do you feel? It feels good. Yeah, we got rid of two bags of clothes. Two and a half big bags. And so now it's just, it's all organized. Color coordinated. Now I know exactly what I need kind of, but that's like a whole other process that I wish would maybe do another video. Maybe it's the shopping for the basic, like what you may be missing. Replace the things that we got rid of. It's not about replacing what you got rid of, but getting the things that can add more spice to the whole work. Because you have a lot of different things that solve what's styling them together to create different, you know, outfit combinations, right? Sounds good. The most important thing you want to keep in mind when doing a wardrobe cleanse or detox or whatever you want to call it, is that everything in your wardrobe should be things that fit you, that look good on you, that make you feel awesome, like you just love wearing them. And you know, just things that you, you know, when you open your closet, make you feel good. So make sure to keep those things and get rid of anything that doesn't fit in that category. Thank you so much for tuning in. Make sure to like this video, subscribe for more fashion videos. Love you guys, and we'll see you soon. Bye. I love it though, but I love it. I wear it all the time. I wore it recently when we went to that restaurant with you guys. You wore it? Yes. Okay. Jyutke. Yeah, we filmed here. Yeah, you could show. We'll tell you where to go. I'm talking in Russian here. I can't help it. I'll be happy. Did you get that? Yeah. Shilky baby. Shilky baby. Shilky baby. Shilky baby. Shilky baby. Shilky baby. Shilky baby. Let's play a little poem. Let's say bye to people. I have been coming. What you doing? What are you doing people? Oh. You know. I have a show. I'll show you. I have a show. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah.