 Hey guys and gals out there, this is Rock and Raffi bringing you another edition of Rock and Raffi's Home Cooking. Think back, we call it. If you remember we made what's called clotted cream. Well, remember that liquid base I said don't throw away? We're going to use that for today's recipe. We're going to make scones, which is what they're called in the UK. Here in the United States we call them scones. Scones were originated back in the early 1500s in Scotland. And here we are today. After 500 years later, we're going to make these delicious tasty treats. With that said, you don't want to be scone away from this episode. Scones can be savoury or sweet and usually eaten for breakfast. If you are in the UK, this is called afternoon tea time, which is roughly about 4 p.m. They are served daily with your traditional clotted cream and jam on top. Alright, what brought me to today's episode? Well, I met a little lady from Scotland and we had a little conversation and I asked her, hey you must really love the scones out here. She stopped, she looked at me with fire coming out of her mouth, her eyes big and bulging and she said they are not scones, they are scones. And that was pretty much my reaction. My whole entire body froze and it haunts me after 5 years. But I'm about to break that tradition because I'm here in dedication to that little lady from Scotland to make these awesome blueberry lemon scones without further ado. If you're ready, I'm ready. Let's get our scones on. Heat the oven to 375 degrees. Cut the butter into the mixture until it resembles cornmeal. Add half a cup of clotted cream liquid and half a cup of buttermilk. And here's where things get a little nitty gritty. Next ingredients well together. Add 6 ounces of blueberry and 2 tablespoons of lemon zest. Gently fold the dough to avoid breaking the blueberries. Use your hands and flatten it out. You want to get about a half inch thick in height. No cookie cutter? No problem. Just use a cup as a replacement for a cookie cutter. Gently brush a gouache on top. Place it in the preheated oven for about 20 minutes or until golden brown. This is the golden brown we're talking about. Go ahead and remove it from the oven. You've got to admit that looks pretty good. Here it is fresh out of the oven. The lemon blueberry scones with traditional clotted cream and a side of strawberry jam. Accompanied with English breakfast tea. No pun intended. I've been waiting all day for this. I'm savoring the moment. Wow. Wow. I'm weak to the knees. I just found paradise. Get the hint of the lemon zest. The blueberries are just bursting in your mouth when you bite into it. It's crumbly. It's perfect. Chef Gordon Ramsay. When you come back to LA, I've got one with your name on it. Scotland. Thank you for making the scum. And Britain, thank you for making the clotted cream. And you know what? I think every day I have 4pm, I'm going to have this too. Chip Chip Cheerio. This is awesome. For everyone out there who makes this, I promise you. You won't be sorry. You will fall in love with the United Kingdom and you will want to make that trip over there so you can get your hands on this. But you don't have to. That's the best part about it. You can make it right there at the comfort of your own home. If this is the first time you're here, click on that little icon that says subscribe. And don't forget that little notification. Click that as well. Write some comments. Let me know your thoughts. Let me know your ideas. Maybe there's something you want to see me make. I'll do it. I'm up for the challenge. And that just about wraps up our show today. And until next time, keep on looking.