 Hey guys and welcome back for another sewing tutorial. Today I'm going to be showing you how to make a bow tie just in time for the holidays. So you will need a piece by 6.5 x 10, 4.5 x 4 and 3 x 15. All those measurements will be located over at my blog. So if you missed those, that link will be in the description box below. The first thing we're going to do is start with the ironing process. So if you can try to get as much ironing done in the beginning, then you can kind of just iron out your pieces and then just keep sewing. So the first thing you're going to do is the band around the neck, which is the 3 x 15 piece. And we are going to be sewing it sort of like a bias tape where we fold in each side about a quarter of an inch and then press that down. And then we will fold it again and then press again, making it nice and even along that edge. So this is how you would do it if you wanted to have a fabric band. If you chose not to, you could always just use elastic since it is hidden under the collar. So now I'm going to be working on the 6.5 x 10 piece. That will be the main part of the tie, the bow. And I'm going to be using some feasible fleece. You don't have to use that. If you have interfacing or a stiff fabric, you can definitely use that. But this is what I have on hand and I'm going to cut a piece up 3 x 10 just to do half of it because I don't want to do the whole thing because I don't want to make it too bulky. And I'm going to just iron that down. And then I'm going to sew with right sides together the side that is measuring at 10 inches. So I'm just showing you here that the little 4.5 x 4 piece, I did the exact same thing with the neck band. So I sewed it the exact same way and ironed it the same way. So now I'm just going to take the tie portion or the bow tie and I'm going to flip it right side out. And now I'm going to sew the neck band and I'm just folding in the edges and then fold it the way it was before. Just so I can have a clean edge there and then I will sew the neck band. All the way down, try to get nice and close to that edge and make sure that you're catching both fabrics. So it's very important that when you do iron it that you light up those edges very nicely. And then just sew down the short side a little bit. If you want to add velcro at this step you can definitely do that. Okay, so now we are going to fold your bow tie in half and I'm going to sew along that edge. I just used a quick zig-zag stitch, it doesn't matter what it looks like because you're not going to see it. It's going to be hidden in the center of the bow in the back. And now I'm going to fold it. So the first thing you do is fold it this way and then fold it this way and this way. I don't really know how to explain it. And then just keep it pinched with your fingers and then you're going to wrap that little piece around it. And it might be a little too long so if that's the case and just cut it it just depends on how tight you want your bow to be cinched in the middle or totally up to you. So now I'm just going to get my needle unthread and I'm going to just do a couple of stitches to tack the bow into place. Because when I go to put the little piece on I don't want my bow to spring open and then I have to try to, you know, hold it down with my one finger and then sew with the next one. Anyways, so just do a couple of stitches and then you can get your little piece and wrap it around your bow. It might end up being a little long but that's okay. Just do it. Just put it on the bow and see how far it goes and if there's too much then you can just cut it off. Nobody deal. I would also definitely recommend putting the neck band on now so putting it on the bow and then wrapping that piece around all of it. I chose not to do it for some reason and I regretted it because it was a lot more difficult to get it underneath that little piece. And if you sew the neck band directly onto the bow then you don't have to worry about, you know, the bow sliding around. If you wanted to use an elastic you could definitely do that. I will provide measurements for the elastic over my blog. I don't have them right this second. But if you have seen my neck tie tutorial I have elastic measurements also there. This bow tie is ideal for children who are in the 4-6 range. If you would like measurements for the other sizes then definitely head over to my blog. All those measurements will be provided there. As you can see I had a little difficulty getting the band on so you know, you just want to avoid that whole entire mess. So I hope you enjoyed this tutorial. If you did give me a thumbs up, comment down below if you have any questions. Definitely share with your friends, you know the holiday season is approaching and everyone loves to put little bow ties on their little boys and it's absolutely adorable. So thank you so much for watching and definitely follow me on my Instagram, Twitter, and my Facebook. I would love to see if you make a bow tie and check out my neck tie if you want to make one of those. So thanks for watching and I will see you guys in my next video. Bye!