 Hi guys! Okay, so today we are going to be making ceviche and it's not going to be all fancy with shrimp and all that just plain, straight imitation crab super simple, with some great ingredients in it. So if you just want to learn a super simple ceviche, which is great for potlucks, which is exactly what I'm making it for, then keep watching. Okay, so now for a ceviche, you're going to again start off with your crab, your flake crabs and grind it up just like I've showed you in the previous videos, so I'm going to go ahead and do that now. And I like to do it in sections so that it grinds very nicely. You don't have to do it as finely as you've seen in my past videos, you want to just kind of shredded but not finely chopped. Place that into a bowl and continue. Okay, so this is about two packets ground up. I've done two because like I said, I'm doing it for a potluck and now you're going to add the pico de gallo, which is right here and I'll show you how I did this and what ingredients I used. So now you're going to pour all of that in. You could also buy it pre-made at the grocery store completely up to you. I kind of easily do that, but unfortunately the place that I went to did not have it. So you want to mix that in and you're going to actually add one cucumber. Now just mix that all up into your bowl. And now you're going to squeeze in some lemon and lime, not some. All right, so I bought this little gadget here to squeeze in my lemons and lime so I placed that into the little gadget and I squeeze it. Get all the juice out. It saves a lot of time with your fingers, that's for sure. So I'm going to put in about four limes. You want really good juice in here because you want to let it marinate overnight or if you make it like super early in the morning for a dinner, that's fine too, but you want the juice to soak up inside the ceviche here. Now if you don't have these gadgets, just squeeze it like normal. It's all good. All right, so now onto the lemon. So I'm going to use about six also, six lemons here. And this is a great little thing too so that your seeds don't get in there and you don't have to worry about picking them out or accidentally putting one in. Somebody bite it on it. So you just place it in upside down and then squeeze. Get all that juice. Yes. Yummy, this smells so good. I love anything like citrusy, just so fresh into me. Like smells just so fresh. And then you just put it in the fridge until it's ready to serve and you buy it and put it in with chips and you just dip it in. That's what I like. I've learned from the past that heating stuff up, you know, it's a pain in the butt. That's just my opinion. After a fricking 12 years of working in an office, you think you'd learn to make simple dishes. So to me, this is super simple, super easy. It's free-freshing and you don't have to worry about heating anything up and it's good to go. Okay, so after all of your juices are in and you stir it around, you could just smell the lemons, the cilantro, everything in there. You're going to want to add some salt. Frings out all flavors, so a little bit there and then mix it again. So this is just a simple, like crab salad if you want to call it that instead of a ceviche, there's like no shrimp or anything in there. But same kind of ingredients, like a pico de gallo, cucumber you could add anything really you want. I know people that put carrots in it. It's just up to you. I just like it super fresh and simple cucumbers and lemons are like my favorite, so refreshing. So that's mainly it. I'm going to stir it again and I'm going to pop this in the fridge and you let it get all marinated and we'll have a taste test. What are you doing? Is it a lime? What is this? All right, dirty, you're doing a new trick. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, no stealing it. Oh, a pork. I don't know. Eating in your mouth. Did it? No, no. Murky likes it. Oh yeah. Get them. You don't want no limit? You don't want no life? No. Get it. Get it. Get it. Alright, so the ceviche has been cool. I cleaned up the kitchen. Empty the dishwasher, put it back in. So it's been a few minutes or so. So take a chip. Dig it in. Get a little bit of all the ingredients. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. So refreshing. The lemon, the lime, comes through. The salt brings it even more out. It's a cucumber, the pico de gallo, the crab. It's just so refreshing. So super easy. Give it a try. Let me know what you think. Comment below. Subscribe. Lums up. See you guys.