 Hi there, welcome. Today's recipe is penne and salmone. Okay, first thing we are going to do. I've got a pot full of hot water in here. We're going to turn it on a high heat. We're going to add some oil and some salt. And we're going to cover the pot. The reason why I did use hot water and covered the pot. So the water comes quickly to the boil. So we do not use, we do not lose any valuable time. Now when the water comes to the boil, we're going to cook the penne pasta. To calculate the portion control for pasta, always calculate between 120 grams, 250 grams per portion. And 4 kids between 50 grams to 80 grams per portion. Now the water is boiling. We're going to drop the penne and straight away we're going to put the lid back on. So the water comes quickly to the boil and the pasta will cook better. Now I've got a frying pan in here. We're going to turn it on, on a medium to high heat. And we're going to add a little bit of oil. Now why we've got the penne pasta cooking, the frying pan getting hot, we're going to slice this small salmon. I've got some beautiful small salmon in here. As you can see the water is already boiling. Now we take the lid off. We're going to give it a stir and we're going to add the pasta cook. Now we're going to slice the salmon. And we're going to put it into this container. Then we're going to change the chopping board. Wash the knife. And we're going to peel and slice one medium onion. For the timing of the pasta, always read the instructions on the pecking. When it's sliced the onion and put it with the salmon. Now I've got two cloves of garlic. We're going to peel them and we're going to slice them. What I love about this recipe is because it's very quick to do. Easy and very tasty. Now we're going to slice the garlic and put it with the salmon and onion. Then the frying pan is hot, we're going to cook this. Coming and we're going to cook them for about three to four minutes. Then we're going to put the vodka and the cream. At this stage, we need to make sure that we've got the vodka in it. The double cream, the end, I'm using some caviar, but the caviar is optional. For ingredients, methods and recipes with pictures, please do log on our website logangies.com or on our Facebook page, logangies. You can also follow us on Instagram and Twitter as well. Please do share our work. Thank you very much for today. So now as you can see, the salmon is cooked, the onions, we're going to add the vodka. Now, if we're using 150ml of vodka, we're going to reduce it by three quarters. We're going to add the vodka to the frying pan. If you want, you can add enough, let the frying pan and we're going to turn it there. That's the alcohol burning. Then when the vodka is reduced, we're going to add the double cream and that's basically the sauce then. As you can see, the vodka is reduced. Now, we're going to add the double cream. We'll bring the double cream to the boil. And we can switch off the, turn off the sauce. By the time we are waiting on the cream, we can tidy up. The double cream is boiling. We're going to turn off the heat. Then we'll check the pasta. The pasta needs about three to four minutes. When the pasta is ready, we're going to drain it, add a little bit of oil and we mix the pan. Then the pasta will be the sauce and we can serve. Now, the pasta should be ready. We're going to turn off the heat. We're going to drain the pan. We're going to add a little bit of oil. We're going to heat the pasta. We're going to add the sauce. Turn back the heat on on a full heat and we're going to give it a good stir. Now, when it comes to seasoning, always be careful because the smoke summit is a little bit salty. Just a little bit salt. When it makes, look at that. Beautiful. Now, we're going to turn off the heat and we're going to plate. Beautiful. Now, we're going to plate. Quick, easy and tasty. I'm going to add a little bit of caviar but this is optional. Fennel and Salmon. For more videos, please click the button right hand corner to subscribe to our YouTube channel to receive more recipe ideas. And thank you very much for watching and have a good day. Bye now, bye bye.