 So you want to build an ark. Whether it is a type start saving all life on earth and our way of sucking all the money out of believes of a rapidly dying religion, building a life-size replica of both that probably never existed can be a little exhausting. But you too can do it, just ask a plucky little Australian cult can have. So how do you do it? First you need a small fortune and the $172 million. How do you do that? Well all you have to do is convince some rich religious people that by some medical 1.6 million people will drive across the nation every single year to pay an undisclosed amount of money to get in or even purchase a season pass. Only 40 miles from Glamour has since San Eddie Ohio the one that is being built promises to be one of the greatest tourists the trekking in Kentucky apart from the horse race and an antique shaker furniture museum. But how do you build an ark? Let me pretend to be God explained. Make yourself an ark, a gulf a dove was there and bolted together with giant bolts a gigantic steel supporting lace and line it with it without polyethylene sheeting during construction to protect it from rain. Make it the same number of tubers as in the Bible that make them the biggest tubers you can find so it looks really big. Then you shall not use any pitch inside it as commanded in the Bible. The fumes will give everybody cancer. Make it with concrete foundations and a concrete core for wooden buildings can't take long turn structural stresses. And thou shalt plummet and thou shalt install castile and toilets throughout. And thou shalt install a caffeine gift shop and editing to outside and thou shalt carve green and images of two of every animal and put it within the ark and thou shalt install a panel to save money on the fuel bill. And thou shalt some tickets at a price yet to be determined and try to convince the local council to wire the freeway to accommodate the extra traffic at their own expense. So you see building a life-size building to resemble a boat that never existed in child's plans. As long as you completely disregard what is actually in the Bible and also disregard reality.