 Hey there, it's been a while. It's Sadie from onatronme.com and I have yet another fantastic video for you showing you the latest and easiest way to make your own laundry detergent. Now I will definitely confess being Sadie from onatronme.com that this is maybe not the most natural recipe because we are going to use Dawn Dish soap which even though it says Mediterranean lavender scent I don't think there's a drop of lavender in there. But because of the Dawn and its grease cutting properties this recipe works pretty good and I'll show you that recipe right now. All you need is borax, three tablespoons, washing soda, three tablespoons, dish soap, two tablespoons and eight cups of water. So first what you want to do is heat up two cups of water until it has little bubbles. So it doesn't have to be a rolling boil but just hot enough because first you're going to put in three tablespoons of your borax and three of your washing soda. Then you're going to add the hot water and swish it around. You just pick this up and swish it around. Now because I knew I wouldn't be able to do it while holding my phone I already added in the dish soap two tablespoons. Like I said, did you just see my disgusting sink? Try to forget about that. Alright, add your two tablespoons of Dawn dish soap and then all you do is add the rest of your water. And you could use a half gallon jug to make this but because it gets a little bubbly when you add the extra water I just use a gallon jug. You can double it if you like. Let's see how we do this. Not my most impressive pouring work but it'll do. So anyways, have you been? Seems like every four months is my regular schedule to make a video. Okay, so you add the rest of your water and that is it. Now when you go to use this for your laundry you only have to use between a quarter and a half a cup per load. So what do you think? Easy laundry detergent, borax, washing soda, Dawn dish soap and some water and it works. I've been using it for a couple weeks now. I'm fairly happy with it. Try not to judge me too much for using the Dawn. Alright, much love to you from satyatallnaturalme.com.