 Something I've noticed that league recently is a lot of people are using towels to clean their ball off and spray and stuff on and wipe it off. What is all that stuff and what is it good for? Well, I like to use a towel. Oil free towels are best with today's equipment. You really want to make sure because they almost act like sponges. When you fill the ball down the lane it's collecting oil and it's more oil that's collected in the ball. It tends to start to underperform. So using an oil free ball shot after shot really kind of removes that oil and it makes your ball last longer. And oil attracts dirt and dust and you want to make sure you get as much of that off of your ball at times going to help me 10-year ball longer term. If you're not wiping it off you're actually going to be grinding dirt into the ball as well and it starts clogging the pores. These bowling balls nowadays have pores and you want to make sure that they breathe and just like the pores on your skin. If you don't keep them clean they can clog up and we don't want the pores in the bowling ball clog up because it actually will make the ball die. Maintenance on the bowling ball is critical. You spent some great money for that bowling ball and it's just like buying a new car and never changing the oil. You want to make sure you maintain that ball. It will last you a long time. So I haven't been doing that at all. Is there something I can do at this point to kind of rejuvenate those bowling balls? Oh, the first thing I would say is probably take it to a approach shop and actually get it to a deep cleaning. They'll get an oil extraction. There's different systems out there. They all work very well to get some of that oil out and clean and clean point and you might actually want to have it reach surface as well. Even though the ball looks similar to what it was when you first got surface is not going to be the change. The surface is going to be changed as you throw in the ball constantly. So even though the first game you have a certain surface on it's going to be different by the third game because you're rolling on a bowlingling. So it's going to change the surface. So I would say that would be the first thing you're going to do to try to get the bowling ball back. And get in the habit of using some sort of spray cleaner at the end of the night. I know it feels painful. I don't always do it. I'm guilty of it as well. But be really diligent about doing that at the end of your round and that'll help the ball last longer. I think that's a key. Do it at the end of the round. You'll see a lot of people who are cleaning the balls before they start bowling leak and then when you put it away, they put it away dirty. Well, it just sits in the bowling bag and sweats or gets soaked in and get grabbed. Don't do it when you get ready to start. Do it when you finish when it's actually fresh and dirty. That maintenance will make a big difference. So after 40, 50 games, if you haven't been cleaning, the ball is going to start clogging up. It's just not going to breathe right. It's not going to react. It's not going to kick as well. But it's such a slow change that you don't really know that's a difference. But it's just not going to drive through the pins like it originally did. We get a rejuvenate. If you keep it clean, you can probably get 6,800 games before you really have to do that deep cleaning. But if you do a deep cleaning, it's going to rejuvenate that bowling ball. And like Rod says, it's gradual. So you may not notice. You might not recognize that it's the ball and you start thinking it's you. And then you start trying to find ways to help the ball or get it to hook more or your mat at the manufacturer because these balls don't last and all of that. And a lot of times it's just caring for it better. And the more aggressive the ball, the more maintenance it's going to take because it's going to have larger pores. It's really wanting to take into oil. It's going to have a more aggressive core inside of it. So you're going to use more of the cover as well. The more aggressive the ball and ball, the more maintenance it's going to take.