 This is Fred Shell applying an epoxy coating to a Swiftie 12 sailboat under construction. Alright, we'll take a quick look here at... Doing an epoxy coating. It's going to be troublesome sometimes. When I've done this here, I've mixed up a cup full and I've poured it pretty much out of it. It can again, so it's not going to set up. I've poured it down in here and then sprayed it around with a... I like this really wide scrubber and trying to get it very rough and easy. I'm not going to let it all try and get it right. With a spreader, you can spread it all the way up to the top of the deck, but then put the spreader right into the corner and pull it back down again. You have to press real hard because what you have to do is, if you push it up to get it up to the top of the deck, it's going to... if you don't pull it back down, it's going to roll out because you have too much up there. We're going to roll it with a roller. The roller won't get right into the corner. So basically it's like spreading it out with a spreader as much as you can with the keeping in mind that the roller is round and it won't get up into the corner very well. So make sure you use the spreader to its advantage. Hit those... those difficult waters. All right. Now the roller, at first the roller is going to be kind of dry so get into a kind of a juicy spot. It is thick because you don't want it to pull too much off with some places. So you can get up into some corners pretty well with it. Put that like up in here. So you just go as high as you can. This is picking it up from the nice spot even in the middle. And both directions. This is a clear coating. Sometimes it's hard to see exactly how much you've got out. On horizontal surfaces it doesn't matter how much you've got vertical surfaces. You really want to make sure you don't get it too thick. So something particularly nasty about trying to clean up a drip without tearing up the wood and tearing up the whole thing. But anyhow. So that's that kind of it. And then now we'll use a foam pad. Here it is. Again, I have it by scrap foams. A nice wide one like this. And you can tip basically. That's a painting term. Where you brush paint on first and then go over it with it. Another brush that's dry. Just real quick. Get a smooth surface. The roller tends to leave a kind of a bumpy, bubbly texture. And I can reach right up into the corner with this thing. And then there are some odd corners. Or you can use a disposable brush. But you can get into them with the foam pad too. And what I'm thinking of right now is this up in here. I'm going to take a little extra foxy on here and squish this in up there. Make sure that this is coated right up in the corner. And then do the same thing pull down with it. So it's not going to run. You want to leave any extra up there that could run. I guess that's the technique. It leaves quite a nice hard surface. A little hairy with one coat, gore with the scraper. After that one coat. And the second coat comes out really hard and shiny. And then the other coat comes out really hard. And then the other coat comes out really hard. And then the other coat comes out really hard. And then the other coat comes out really hard. And then the other coat comes out really hard.