 Hey, how you doing all? Just thought I'd show you guys how I cleaned my air rifle. I had a bad experience with a pull-through kit. The wire broke away from the handle. When you pull it through from the top of the barrel down. And it was a good company that I bought it from. It was basically one of those NAPIER manufactured by NAPIER, NAPIER. The air arms recommends them for cleaning their rifles and so forth. So I didn't have any problem returning the item to my supplier, airgunsourice.com, there in Canada. But I do use their oil. It's power air gun oil. This stuff here. It's really, really good stuff. Oh, I like it. I can't really say it's better or worse than other existence. This is all I've used. What I like about it is the cap there. It's got the little needle there. You just stick it in the barrel and give it a couple of shots. Let it saturate down into the barrel. And then what I do is I use felt cleaning pellets. And I just basically put them in my clip here. My 10-shot clip. I just stick it in like so. Put it down. My finger. Stick it in a bit so it will rotate. It clears the edges and rotates just fine. Like so. I've got my silent pellet trap that I made which is on my website on YouTube, I should say. I show how I made that. I put the oil down the barrel. It's been in there for a couple of minutes. Put my clip in and put my safety goggles on. And put my S410 FACC adjustable power on low of course. And I'll show you how well it cleans. We're going to put 10 through. If this doesn't bounce back too far, I'll grab it and show you. On low power. Safety off. Shot. One. I've put through. It's dazzling a lot. I've put through about 300 pellets at the most. Two to 300. So I'm do. But you can see how it just stuck into the duct putty. And that is fairly dirty. You can see there. So that's the first felt shot. So first time I've used it with this pellet trap. It's pretty good because the felt sticks in the putty. And I know that that's that's well from the barrel and not putty. So we'll put another one through. We go. Let's have a look at that one. Oh yeah, it's dirty. You can see the. See the gun gun there. It's quite nasty. So I'm going to fire off. You get the point I think. I'm going to fire off. Five here and see how the. That'll be I just shot two five more. That'll be seven. We'll see how clean it looks. Is that one that one bounced back towards me? Still quite dirty. Right here. We might have to put more than 10 shots through it to get it nice and clean. You shouldn't have any dirt whatsoever on your felt. We got two more left here. It should be 10. Let's look in better. That's 10 felt pellets through. Let's look in better. From that. This was the first one. Let's see here. I'm going to put it. Actually, sorry, that was that was nine. Nine I put through. I got one more left here. So I think if we go 15 will be golden or 14 will be golden. 14 felt pellets through. So bear with me. Sorry, this is the way it goes. I don't want to have to split the video in two. There's one pellet or felt cleaning pellet. Two. Two. Three. Four. Just make sure it turns okay. Put it in. Make sure you're going in the right direction. When you load them, just one in. Those counterclockwise, so make sure your pellets are feeding in counterclockwise. This is number 11 or 14 and 15. There's 15 right there. Let's see how it looks. I'm still not happy with it. I'm going to put four more in. See how she goes. Sure gets dirty. It's surprising. I'd say I put like I said about maximum of 300 pellets through the rifle. Since a lot's cleaned it at the most. If you're not getting the accuracy you want, that might very well be why. I think when you start to see these things, when you start to see these things, when you get burn off and blow out from all the crap that builds up the lead and so forth in the barrel. When you start seeing that, I don't think it's a very good sign. She clean it nice, get it nice and clean. Probably every 200 shots would be best. This has got the WALTAR rifle barrel in it. It might hold a little bit more. Okay, here we go. That's 15. 16. 17. 18. 19. How's that look? 19. It's a lot better than the first one, but I am pretty anal when it comes to this. I want to make sure there's absolutely none on it. I'm going to put a total of four more, which will get us to 23. I feel this is the safest way to do it too because you don't know what you're doing. If you scratch the inside of a nicely machined barrel, you're kind of hooped and it's going to cost a lot to fix. Not to mention how long it's going to be gone for depending on where you live. You know what? I'm going to put five more through. So it'll be 24-year-old together. These felt pellets. Cleaning pellets. Three, four, and five. Okay.