 He's a bad beast on that barbecue on a grill of a smokey nose. That's what to do. He's a bad beast on that barbecue. Hey, what's going on guys? Hey, welcome back to another episode of Bad Beast BBQ. He is about five o'clock in the afternoon and just got home from work about an hour ago and I'm going to make some quick tomato basil Parmesan orzo for the wife and I as you guys know my wife don't eat meat. So I have to make seafood and vegetarian dishes for her. And so that's what we're going to make today. We're going to make some Instapot tomato basil Parmesan orzo. Okay, so we got this recipe from a website called 365 days of crop pot. I'll put the link in the description block for you guys to check out the original recipe because you know as usual I have to make some small changes to the recipe kind of bad beasted up. Okay, so we're going to go ahead and get started. So our ingredients, I'll put the ingredients in the description block also. And so the first thing we're going to do, we need we got some olive oil. So we have our Instapot on saute and throw a little by the table spoon of olive oil in there so they can get heated up. And then while it's heating up, we have one medium sized onion. Okay, we're going to saute that as soon as it gets hot a little bit. Not quite hot enough yet but it'll get there in a minute. Alright, so once we start sauteing these onions, we will be right back. Alright, so our onions are sauteing here and I'm using one of my trusty crown roll bags. I'm going to use my mitt for the hot pot here. So these are sauteing really nice here. And now I want to add my garlic. Okay, so we have four cloves of minced garlic. Okay, so we're going to add that in there. We're going to make sure we continue to stir this around because we don't want our garlic to burn. Alright, we're going to let that saute for a few minutes until it becomes aromatic and then we will be right back. Alright, so our garlic has been sauteing in the onion mixture for about 60 seconds. So you can smell the garlic, you can smell the onion. It's just what we're looking for. Okay, the onions are translucent and ready to roll. Okay, so next thing we're going to do is we're going to add our stock. Now the original recipe called for chicken stock, which you know us, we always got to change stuff up. So we have some seafood stock here that I found at the store and this is three and a half cups of seafood stock. So we'll go ahead and pour that in. Alright, so we got that poured in. And we also need to pour in our orzo. So we have two and a third cup of dry orzo. We're going to pour that in also. Alright, and we have one half teaspoon of salt and one half teaspoon of pepper or pepper and salt. Alright, what you know I'm talking about. Alright, so let's mix that up right quick. Get that mixed up. And we're going to turn the sautee function off and we are going to pressure cook this for one minute and let it naturally pressure release for five minutes. So let me go ahead and top this bad boy up. Make sure my seal is set. Okay. Top it up pretty non-seal. And I'm going to go ahead and set this bad boy to one minute pressure with a five minute pressure release. And we'll see you when it's done. So don't go nowhere. Alright guys, so it's been under pressure for one minute and we've let it naturally release for five minutes. So now we're going to release the rest of the pressure. And as soon as all the pressure releases, we'll come back and we'll start in a remaining ingredients and we'll see how it turned out. So don't go nowhere. Alright guys, so the pressure has released. And we'll go ahead and open this and see what we got. Put this on the side here. Alright. Now the orzo to me still looks a little wet but of course that's to be expected. So now we just going to mix in the rest of the ingredients. But I'm going to put it in a bowl before I mix the rest of the ingredients. Okay. So just hold on one second. Okay, so we've got our orzo in the bowl here. Now the next ingredients we have, one of those containers of cherry tomatoes that's been all been cut in half and rinsed. So we're going to pour that in there. Get them all. Okay. We got one third cup of freshly chopped basil. Throw that up in there. Okay. We got two tablespoons of drained capers. And that wasn't part of the original recipe but I just like to taste the capers. So I thought I'd give it some brightness. And we got one cup of shredded palmajon cheese. I bought this from the deli block of palmajon cheese so we're going to sprinkle that in there also. Alright. And we're going to mix this together. Let me go on. I bought a smell of the basil in there. And the cheese and everything smells fantastic. So this hope is taste as good as it smells. Alright. Alright, that looks pretty good. Alright. So let's have a quick taste test and see how it turned out. Okay. Get a little bit of everything in the caper, basil, tomato. Let's even eat some more seasoning. Mmm. Actually, that tastes real good. Maybe the smidge more of black pepper. I don't think it needs any more salt because the capers gives it a nice briningness to it. The orzo is nice and soft and the tomatoes gives a nice smooth texture to it. So I like this. The base, the fresh base and everything. So this is really, really good. So well, there you have it. Another Instapot pressure cooker meal. Real quick. Look at that. It took more time to put the ingredients in the pot than it did to cook it. So one minute under pressure, five minutes of natural release. And it came out very, very good. I got some salmon upstairs and some Texas toast. I'm going to take this upstairs and the wife and I are going to go ahead and get down on this. And we have enough leftover for lunch tomorrow. Okay. So well, that's all we have time for today. If you're interested in an Instapot or any pressure cooker, check out the links in the description box and you'll take you to Instapot pressure cooker on Amazon. You can check it out if you're interested in getting one. And I got this recipe from 3665 days of crockpot.com. I will put the link down in the description box so they got some cool recipes out there. This one had a five star. So it tastes very, very good and it's very, very healthy for you. Well, that's all we have time for tonight. I'm going to take this upstairs before I get cold. Like we always say, where there's smoke, there's fire, and there's fire. And dammit, there just might be a barbecue there or like my brother says, or maybe even a pressure cooker. Hey, as always, we'll see you guys around the smoker.