 Hi guys, it's me Zeyn and Zeyn, we're going to talk about succulents, especially dried succulent leaves. So I have here a few succulents with me, for example these acerias, or I have a third aceria, which is pretty weird. So what is the difference between these two succulents? Well, this has so many dried leaves, like a thick layer of dried leaves and this one. Well, there is no dried leaves on this one. So there are succulents which won't have dried leaves and there are succulents which will have this layer of dried leaves at the bottom of the plant. So why is that? Well, there are a lot of types of succulents, not only like these, even in the aceria, or in dreamers or what. So for example, if you have a succulent, which creates a long, long stem, and always there is just a rosette on the end of the stem, most probably those leaves will fall and winches blows them away. And things like that, so you actually won't see those dried leaves. And I have a good example for that. Here in my hand, you see these leaves are already drying, they are yellowing, and they are drying up. So most probably in a few days these leaves will fall and the wind just blows them away. After that, there are those succulents which are pretty young and they don't have necessarily 200 leaves at the bottom, so they won't have dried leaves. Or you cannot see those dried leaves, so there are those succulents which are for example, probably like this, and this is the reason you don't see those dried leaves. Or there are young like this again, and there is not a lot of dried leaves on the succulent. And then there are those types of succulents which can have a thick layer of dried leaves at the bottom. So what causes that? Is it bad? Is it good? This is a normal aging process for the plants because there are new leaves created always at the top of the plant, and the rosette is always like growing. After some time those leaves that were produced at the top will get to the bottom as it grows, and when they reach the bottom, they will actually die, and they are going to be dried leaves on your succulent. This is a normal aging process because when the leaves are produced, they are 100% functioning, but after a time they can get bruises, they can get dead. Anything on the leaves, and they won't be like 100% functional. This is why you leaves are created, and here comes the difference between these two plants. This plant, this acoveria, which is the acoveria lalasina, after drying the leaves, the leaves will be still attached to the stem. They will come off, well it's not going to be so hard, but it's more hard, for example, than in the case of this plant. These leaves will dry and will just pop off and the wind will blow them away. And that's the reason you don't notice dried leaves, for example, on these kinds of succulents. And there is another type of succulents. They grow tall, and the bottom leaves will stay there, because this is their nature. They have succulents, for example, like aioniums, which are like these. They grow very tall, and they shed leaves. There's going to be a few dried leaves on the bottom of the rosette, and they will easily just fall off. And there's going to be the long bears, them on the aionium, which I really like, other people don't like. Maybe I'm weird, but I'll look at that. That's another topic. So right now, we can finally talk about dried leaves. So these dried leaves are produced, because these leaves are pretty old, and the plant doesn't need them anymore. And they remain on the plant. Is it good? Is it bad? Well, you can decide. This layer of dried leaves can be bad, because you know, the pests come, and they find the perfect hole in between these dried leaves. This is a perfect hiding place for pests, for parks, and for everything. What is living, and what a feed on the plant itself. So that might be not good. But on the other hand, I am here, and I really like the look of these dried leaves on the bottom of the plant, because I find it really... I don't know, rustic. I really like this look. I really like the look of the layer of dried leaves on the bottom of the rosettes. I don't know. I just kind of like it, so I leave it on. If you like it, leave it on. But keep in mind that these can attract pests. So I think this is the only bad thing about these dried leaves. It's a perfect hiding place for pests. But I think it looks pretty natural, and it looks very beautiful to my eye. Maybe to your eyes, it's really ugly. Also, that's casting. So it's your decision. What you want to do with those dried leaves. Okay, so this is my topic for today, and I hope you get the idea of dried leaves on succulents and things like that. If you have any further questions about this topic, because I'm pretty sure I did not cover everything with this video. But if you have any questions, leave them in the comment section and I will answer. Like this video, visit my other channel, visit my Instagram. All the links are in the info box, and all the links are in the... on the corner. And how do you call them, info cards, or what? It's like... See you next time. Bye guys!