 Hi how are you all? Welcome to Shilpa Shari Kundras channel. This is the art of loving food and loving your wife. Yes I think wives also need daily holiday from daily chores and what better way to give them a break by making something special for them. So here I am with one of the recipes which is easy and will definitely make your wife happy. Yes I am very happy. This is a simple process. It's a fried egg but you know a fried egg doesn't need to be unhealthy. There's a simple way of making a fried egg on a non-stick pan and we've got a grow pan because I'm going to make some little sideys with the with the fried eggs. But these are by far the most healthiest fried eggs you'll ever eat and the sunny side egg needs to be while they say it's sunny, needs to be slightly not raw but perfectly cooked. And I'm going to show you how to get that layer on top of the sunny side eggs which makes it tasty and presentable and lovely. A little drop of oil is all you need. Just a little drop you can see how much I'm going to put in here. It's a non-stick pan. I wouldn't normally expect literally a spring. I would also drop a little drop of this lovely olive oil into the grill pan. Just a little drop. You know most most places that are ordered for fried eggs even some of the restaurants believe it or not they actually put in the eggs into so much oil and they actually literally fry the egg and that's not how eggs are supposed to be served. The white cannot be burnt even when you eat boiled eggs you should be very careful about the yolk not turning grey. So these are small little points. With a fried egg there has to be a slight bit of a white film that comes over the yolk so you know that your yolk is perfectly cooked and the base of the egg, the white, isn't completely burnt. Let's put the tomatoes on because they're going to take slightly longer just some grilled tomatoes to have. Here we go. So now what I do is once the eggs are on I cover the eggs so it gets an opportunity to cook in its own steam. That's the idea. It should just make a layer as you can see it's steaming up. To get that layer this is very important. Two teaspoons of water. Close the eggs. The teaspoons of water just before you know that the eggs are going to be taken out. The water is sort of evaporating, creating a steam and very shortly you'll see these eggs with a slight film on top which means they're still soft. It's still sunny side up, the white is perfectly cooked and they are super tasty to eat. You'll just see this in exactly three, two and one. That is a perfect egg. These will just slip off very easily. There's barely any oil. No oil at all and some lovely grilled tomatoes. Let's finish coming up. Soap and pepper. No, you can have it as per taste. Sunny side eggs, a sunny smile, a happy wife, a happy life. Yay! So I have my love here with me and I want some more love from you so don't forget to like, comment, share and subscribe to my channel. Sustreho, musta...