 This is a HANA Instruments HI 99121 Direct Stick Soil pH Meter. Very accurate. Headed tested by the University of New Hampshire. I'm the reading that you receive on this is the same reading as if you get from your soil lab. And it comes in a kit as we can see here. Here's our meter. We'll come with a pro. And the probe is glass. And we make that a glass on purpose. So it is extremely accurate, fast responding. But you've got to be careful it is fragile. It has a nice glass probe. First thing we've got to do when we, before we use it, is to calibrate it. And this is a self-calibrating. What we have to do is get it onto the calibration mode and then follow the screen what it says. So to get into calibration mode, I am going to push the on or off button once to get it on. Okay, we'll go through this screen which will read something like that, 6.4. Now to get it into the, now I'm on the on mode. To get into calibration mode, I am going to depress that same on or off button until CAL pops up. I will go past off. Okay, so it's depressed. There's calibration. Now I am going to do what it tells me to do. It says U7O. So I am going to just put my meter down here and I am going to put it in 7.01 solution. See? Let's roll it around a little bit. The REC means that it has recognized the 7.01. There is a flashing calibrated symbol on the lower right hand of the corn screen. That means that it is actually calibrating itself now to this standard. This is a standard 7.01 solution and it is calibrating to that standard. First off, it might take 30 seconds or so but as the meter stays in calibration, it will just rinse it off and a little bit of water will have it on the bottom which is tap water. Now then it is going to say, okay, it is going to say use 401. Now I put it in 401 and recognize that. I could use a 10. It would recognize a 10.01 if you wanted to but in agriculture we use a 7.04. Two point calibration makes it very accurate. Now I am okay to get rid of this. It says okay, two points. I am just going to rinse it off with a little bit of clean water. Now to take a soil sample or to take my pH and the soil, we have this lovely plant to house plant. It has been in the office because my probe is fragile. I am going to take our double stick that comes in the kit, make a pre-drilled hole and then just insert my meter into that hole. Whatever the green tip is touching will read. So now my reading is 5.18 so it is close to 1.5. 5.2 pH. Now to store the probe, I am going to take it out of the soil. I am going to rinse it off and comes in the kit is this cap. We have a nice little cap. I am going to take one of my buffer solutions, it does not matter if it is 7 or the 4. Put a couple drops, do not need much. Store the cap. Now I am good for quite a while. I can turn it off and it also has an automatic 5-minute turn off and I am done. Now I am going to put the probe in the kit. I am going to put the probe in the kit. I am going to put the probe in the kit. I am going to put the probe in the kit. I am going to put the probe in the kit.