 I'm Michael Roman, I write, I cook, I write about food and technique. I'm a regular judge on Irish-Chef America, and yes, I am friends with that lunatic Bourdain. I believe that the world is a better place when we cook for our friends and our family. We cook with Lucre Say and we always will. We are talking grilling here. We've got a great grill pan, a Lucre Saye grill pan, it's one of my favorite pans. It's super hot, it gives you good marks on your food so it looks good. First we're going to get some seasoning going, I've got coriander, and I've got black pepper. And we like to toast them until they, until you can smell them, until they start being aromatic. These are done. We're going right into a more in-pustle. We're going to grind these. Use fresh whole spices, seeds, grind them yourself, super good flavor. We've got some salt, we've got some of our spices. Then we're going to oil our pan, and this stays really hot, it's cast iron, and so it holds the heat. That's where I love about this pan. We're going to mark it off. We eat with our eyes first, so you want this to look beautiful, we want nice sear marks. You just want to color it and give it a little flavor, and don't be afraid to check it. You check it, I make sure it's the eye-cheek. I can see already we've got some beautiful grill marks, so I'm going to get that nice hash mark that you see at restaurants. Take it at five o'clock, and then you move it to seven o'clock. Now I'll give you a nice hash mark, beautiful look at. Press it down. They're love these pans because of the heat they hold. I think one of the problems whom cooks have is they're afraid to get their pan to hot. High heat for quick cooking items is essential for flavor. That should be done. You've got beautiful grill marks, and we'll just wait for it to finish. We can get the plate going. My introduction to Lucre Say was when I was working with Eric Repair of chef of L'Obreurda in New York City, and we were working on his cookbook, and he pulled out a big Lucre Say French oven, and I asked him, Eric, do you really like this stuff? And he said, oh, it's the best. And it was on my Christmas list immediately, and I've never stopped cooking with it. We're just going to serve it tuna with a simple salad, the orange feta-grette, some radishes, some microgreens, delicious and easy. I think we're taught that cooking is difficult, but cooking is not difficult. You just have common sense, and good tools, cooking is easy. You know, it's really hard to cook well if you don't have good equipment. It takes a really good chef to cook good food on bad stuff. This is great stuff. The equipment makes cooking easier. And we're done. That's it. See, look at that. That's just beautiful. That. Got a little vinaigrette on there. And on the fish, too, fish loves vinaigrette. It's a great, easy sauce for fish. It's just your basic vinaigrette. And there you have it, a quick and easy dish. Good products, good equipment. Lucre Say Grill Pan, one of my favorite pans.