 Welcome to Train Room Gear. Today we're going to talk about classic cooking on railroad cars in the valley. Now back in the glory days of railroading there was no non-stick cookware. Do you then use a grill or a cast iron pan? That's what we're going to use today. So today we're going to make a sunny setup with butter and press eggs. That's the way to do it on the railroad. Non-stick pans, no non-stick pans and cast iron grittles. Alright the first phase is one more time no non-stick cookware. It's got to be the grill or cast iron to get that real classic railroad taste. So I'm going to cut out a little bit of butter here to coat the pan. I'm using a low heat for this. Get the pan good and coat it. Know that spray stuff? Just good old fashioned butter. Once this gets melted I'm going to dial down a little bit on my range and then wait. Now I'm going to just kind of move that butter around a little bit. Make sure we got a good coat here and the main thing is low heat. Once it gets going we're going to put a cover on these eggs and they have great eggs, sunny side up and here comes the egg. Alright you can see the egg is now cooking. I'm going to down my heat on it a little bit lower. I'm going to put a cover on it because the passenger on this train has asked for a true egg, sunny side up. Just a touch of white but basically we're looking for the piri yellow for a sunny side up egg. Okay let's take a look at how our seara egg is doing. It's looking there but we just want just that touch, just a touch of white. Now we can take a peek under the egg and see how we're doing. Get a loose little bit here. I think looking good here. Let's give us a few more minutes. This egg is just about done. The passenger has asked for sunny side up so we're going to deliver this passenger an egg sunny side up. There we have a beautiful egg sunny side up. Alright we'll give it a shot of ground pepper. I'm going to give the passenger a couple of strips of bacon and the last step for the passenger on this Union Pacific train is a little bit of right toast. The waitress will bring out the coffee and the orange juice and they have eggs sunny side up railroad style. Now in this train breakfast was served in the two Fistacars which is coming up right now. This one. Breakfast was served in the lower levels and also in this car. Breakfast has been served. We also have lunch and dinner on the Union Pacific Railroad.