 Well, the last two weeks we've looked at treating your pet with nosebleeds and superficial wounds. Well, this week we're taking a look at what happens and what to do if your pet has a serious cut in what you can do to save their lives. Chief meteorologist Steve Caparizo has this morning's pet connection extra cat. Thank you ladies. There are times when your pet will have a serious life threatening cut or injury. This is scary, but you have to remember what you do on the way to your veterinarian could ultimately save their life. The first thing to realize is it's an emergency and you can literally save your dog or cat's life by intervening even on your way to your family veterinarian. The very first thing we do is take a towel and just apply direct pressure. If it soaks through, don't remove it. Put something else on top of it. You can be creative, you can use a sanitary napkin, a goa's hankerchief. Now why don't you want to remove it? Because the body's mechanism for healing is on that interface between the towel and the body and you can break cloths loose by taking that off. So it's starting all over again if you take it off? Yeah, maybe not starting all over again completely, but you're definitely doing more harm than good. Second way that we control bleeding if this doesn't work is by elevating that limb. Now on a short leg of dog elevating it two inches isn't going to do much and on daisy it might. If we were out here on the paw and we got daisy to lay down and held that limb up above the heart, we can let gravity help us to slow the bleeding. Let's say that this is a pretty substantial bleeder and it isn't stopping and it's a spurter. The next thing we do is to apply digital pressure to the artery, to that leg and in the front leg it's right in the armpit and you can put your fingers here and actually feel the pulse. You can do that on a high leg in the groin on the inside of the thigh. Same thing you just reach up high and the last one is on the tail under the tail. Thanks doctor Ed and as a last resort on your way to a veterinarian applying a tourniquet is very dangerous, but if there is no other way of saving a limb or the life of your pet, it would be an extreme measure to take. Back to you ladies.