 Hey guys, Chris here, Food FX, use the brand new episode. It has been so busy at CarriermanPod.com finding time as almost impossible for making these videos. But we're back fingers crossed, we're going to have a new video for you guys every week. Maybe it's below, maybe on the, I mean above below. I'm not sure where you two put it. But click on that subscribe button, you're going to get all the latest videos as they go live. Today's episode, and I have here my brand new cast iron packaging still on it, cast iron grill pan, big brother to my little friend here, my cast iron skillet. Boy, I found so much use for that over the years. Beautiful patina on there. I'm going to show you guys how to develop that patina and how to season this pan before you use it. So in today's episode of Food FX, we're going to take a look at seasoning your cast iron grill pan. So the very first thing we got to do, and this is probably the only time you're going to use soap on this pan. Because after we developed, start developing the patina, you don't want to use soap on there. I've got my washing scrub, my sponge here, and all you're going to do, is try to get in all the greets and everything here with this soap and water. And this is warm water, by the way, if you're wondering. And you want to give this a nice scrub. Then all you would do, rinse that and try it with the kitchen towel or paper towels. I've got my kitchen towel here. All I'm going to do, you want to dry this very, very dry as dry as you can. Because we're going to need some vegetable oil now to coat the entire pan. I'm just going to go ahead and continue drying this up. The pan is nice and dry now. So I'm just going to hit it a little bit of vegetable oil. And the need of paper towel, and what you're going to do, is move that vegetable oil. You want to coat the entire pan on the inside, as well as the outside. Every inch of surface even to handle, you want to make sure it's covered in that vegetable oil. While you're doing that, you want to preheat your oven, and that's what I have going on there. 350 degrees, and get it ready, nice and hot. So we'll put this pan in there as soon as it comes up to the pan. Just wanted to show you guys what I did here on the bottom. You're going to see I lined it with tin foil, and I've got the pan upside down into 350 degree oven. Any extra oil is going to fall on that tin foil. Easy clean up for you guys. I'm always thinking about you. Chrissier Curbian Pot that comes for FAQs, your family bowl places. If you want to develop that nice patina, don't ever use soap on the pan. Now let that go in the oven now for 1 hour, 350 degrees Fahrenheit, and let it cool in the oven. So once you turn the oven off, leave it in there. When you're done, you're going to end up with something as nice as this. This one is a few years old. Don't ever wash with soap, and you will have a pan here, with a sort of a nonstick surface all I do. After I'm done using it, I've rinsed it with warm water, I dried it, and I gave it a little bit of vegetable oil. Just about every time. Chrissier Food FAQs, thanks for joining me in the kitchen. And look out next week we'll have a new video for you.