 Hi there, happy Easter Sunday. Now it's been puzzling for the most of the day but it's now a gathering of weather, a perfect time to plant some beetroot. Here I'm using tamar gamut, organics and the name of this is Janis, I think beetroot there. And what I've done is you soak the seeds as a beetroot overnight in room temperature water. And now with the fork I'm just going to go over quickly, just a quick weed and I'm getting rid of all the crumps in the soil. I think I'm going to plant about a third to the half of the branch of beetroot. So just a bit to do. Keep the beetroot in a dry spot like a vegetarian couple of stains. And now I'm just giving very brief break over before creating a tilt which is when you go along like that and get rid of all the stones leaking a nice, grow area like the soil will compost nice and fluffy so it's perfect. Right it's like heaven and it doesn't take much effort for a sea to grow out from. I've still not. Right then. Get worse and stowing that and it's getting over. Quick like that. Like that. Like this face. Quick please. Then the stones. Like this face out. Right tuna aesthetics of millions of eggs, If you can see from the soil there are lots of spying lines. The fingers of the wakes are created so I'm not going to get a hoe. I'll create one inch depth and I'll show you the main measurements. To do the machine out, I'll create a line. I'll use a bit of wood. It's too small so I'm using some string on the end of the wood. I'm now using sharp point of the hoe. I'll put that one in the line. I'll put it across here. I'll put it in the end of the wood. It's just done quite hard. There's one issue, do you want about half an inch? I've got a few two points in it. I've got an hour's clearing. I'll undentity. Start an inch and now I'm going to get a few two pieces. We're going to plant two that have been soaking every four inches. Four inches and another two. I'll just tie on. Get the wrong like that. The bones are quite big between the feet. It should be about two foot apart. That is. And... And... And... Useful tips for plant when you get towards the center of the bed. It's used just a general plant for wood. With maybe one for one end to the other. Plantings. As you go along. Now here we have the final bed zone. As you can see, the gaps are quite far apart. So if you have a say of a movement towards smaller gardens. This row here, these two rows here are experiment rows. I've planted the matings in the part of the row that is. And about two to three thieves every three inches. So hopefully in the summer, if these go, I'll find out what the results are. And I'll make a video about... I'll make a few series about small scale plantings and vegetables. I'm also thinking of trying to keep them container. So I'm just going to go along now. I'm leaving all the top here. Gene's feet shoot. And just basically... Cover over. Very likely. I think you've had. You can walk now between the rows. If the eight inch rows work out this time, I hope the next year we'll use that instead. So we have more space. So... Getting closer now. Nothing's hiding. And I'm sorry, I've done this. I'll... More to them. Remember, say them body in step. And... Oh, it's so sharp. Whoa, that was bad. Unfortunately, the way we leave the beginning to rock now. Probably swapping these around against time. Change into these. Anyway, it's going to go along now. We're good. The quick water. Not too much as we've had drizzle for most of the day. And drizzle is better than rain. The rain just soaked the garden washes everything out. But drizzle is a constant flow of water. Thanks for watching. And hopefully, if you have a small garden or a lot of mints, I'll do a video of planting on a small scale. If those work out nicely. And please rate comment, subscribe and check out my Facebook page and also Facebook page. So thanks for watching. He's nursery and I'll see you again. Bye.