 Hey guys and welcome back to another how to tutorial and today I'm going to be showing you how you can make this really cool piggy bank that you can actually put your money inside. So guys stay tuned and I'm going to show you how you can make it. Right guys to make this really cool working piggy bank you're going to need all the blocks that you can see right in front of me we are going to need rails a hopper in a minecart any kind of building block and any kind of custom head. Now once you have all these block skies you need to find a place where you want to build your piggy bank. Now I have a bedroom set up right here and we are going to build our piggy bank on this bedside table right here. Now once you've found the area of where you want to have your piggy bank what we need to do is dig a hole in the ground that is one deep just like this. Then we need to grab our rails and place our rails at the bottom of that hole. Then grab your minecart and put your minecart on top of the rails right there. Now what we can do is put together our bedside table once again. So we're going to place our block right here then we're going to put our button on it so our bedside table is complete and our minecart with our hopper is completely hidden. Now what we need to do is grab our custom head and place it on top of where we put the minecart with the hopper and there we go guys this is how you make the working piggy bank. So if we get our money our diamonds or whatever all we need to do is press Q and throw our diamonds at the custom head and then our diamonds will go inside of our piggy bank. Now guys if you have access to command blocks we can make this look a lot better. So what we can do is give ourselves a command block and to do that we need to type this command in and that is slash give then your minecart name then type COM press tab press enter and that will give you a command block. Then what we can do is place down this command block right click on it and then paste this command inside of your command block. This command will be in the description guys so all you need to do is copy and paste once you have done that press done place a button on your command block press the button and that will give you a piggy bank head and then we can remove this zombie head put our piggy bank head on it and it looks a lot better because it looks like your traditional style of piggy bank and we can still throw in our money or our diamonds or everyone as long as it lands on top of the custom head. So there we go guys a really cool neat little trick for you guys to use in any of your bedrooms to add that extra little bit of detail and we have a really nice looking piggy bank. But guys if you enjoyed this tutorial today and you want to see more just like it and you never want to miss an upload from me all you need to do is click on the little bell symbol next to the subscribe button and you will be notified every time I upload a brand new tutorial. But guys thank you so much for watching I really hope you enjoyed it and I'll see you again in another how to tutorial.