 Hello friends, in this video we will learn how to make a woolen softener for your winter clothes and what is the formula behind it. But before that I would like you to subscribe my youtube channel for getting the updates of more such videos. So let's begin for making 400 ml of woolen softener we will be requiring these things. First is a silly liquid around 200 ml and the second is rice brand oil around 80 ml and the third is jujubah oil around 40 ml and the fourth is emulsifying wax around 60 grams and an empty ball with a spoon and a induction cooktop for heating purpose and an empty cup and the fifth thing is essential oil or fragrance around 20 ml and the sixth thing is purple colored liquid. So let's start the process. Firstly we will add emulsifying wax around 60 grams to our empty bowl. Secondly we will add rice brand oil around 80 ml to our bowl. And thirdly we will add jujubah oil around 40 ml to our bowl. And now we will turn on the induction cooktop and we will press the on button from here. And the heating process will start up and will heat for some time and during heating we will see a paste will form our conditioner for winter clothes is ready. And the fourth thing which we will use is aceles liquid around 200 ml we will add to an empty beaker. And now we will add this paste of conditioner to our beaker containing aceles liquid. And now we will stir our solution and we will mix it very well. And you can see solution color is changing into a white color. Please mix it well. After mixing well you can see our woolen softener is ready and you can see its quality. It is really a high quality woolen softener. And now we have to add just two things. One is a color to it. Just add few drops of it. And the last one is fragrance around 20 ml. And we will stir our solution again. After mixing well and keeping for some time we will see our woolen softener in quantity of 400 ml is ready. And you can see its quality also its really a high quality woolen softener. And now we will do the packaging by filling in an empty bottle. And now we will put the cap of it. After doing the packaging our woolen softener is ready to be used and to be sell in the market. By using just one cap of it you can wash 6 to 7 winter clothes of yours. And it will not only wash them but will also keep them soft as well. It is really a very good product. So friends now you came to know how it is so simple to prepare a woolen softener for your winter clothes. And this is the real formula behind it. And we prepared it at a very low cost. So those who want to do a business of it they can do a business of it and earn a huge profit from it. Its really a higher profitable business idea. So friends I hope you like my video and please subscribe my channel also for getting the updates of more such videos. Thank you and stay connected.