 Good morning, you're in the kitchen with Tania and it's Saturday. One thing I love to do on Saturday is, it's a little hobby, my because health is my hobby is to get up early and to go down to this place called Blue's Curve Market, which is just some fresh produce and everything's grown locally and they have, I posted on Instagram, they have what's called the ugly table. I usually try to sit in my honey up on their make a joke like, I'm on the ugly table again, I'm on the ugly table. But anyway, so when I was down there today, first of all, on their clearance rack, this is exciting. Look, I got this very cute shirt that says, Laugh is fresh and look what it says. Laugh too short to eat canned vegetables. Look, hi in that key. Three dollars. I mean, even if you're on budget, I just got that up. And then I passed a yard so I got this very fabulous mother of pearl necklace for 25 cents and they had the tag and it's never even been worn. So it says to be my lucky day, but I got home and I got all my fresh produce and I got all things to make you all several recipes this weekend for my recipes that are just like, you'll say, Shazam! So here's what I'm going to show you this little dressing. Look at it. This tastes like French dressing. It takes all of one, two, three ingredients. This is impressive. Zero fat, 100% flavor. You take one tangering, get the largest one you can get. You know, they're pretty small. We get get a large tangering. You're going to take five dates, pitted and you're going to take one large red pepper. Leave the seeds in there. Just take out the grain. You're going to have about a half a cup of water. Start with a fourth. It's going to depend on how big your tangy ingredients. But this is how it turns out. This is terrible. Half a must, fins and things are safe. You're packed because you know I'm half-maving and all. So anyway, look at it. It's really, that's really good. That is so good. So easy and cheap and fast and you could double the recipe and you could put in a ventures little bottle with the top and you know it'd be cute on one of those kind of old-timey milk jugs or even a mason jar and then you could label it like French tangy dressing or something cute, you know, but I'm going to take some cauliflower and I'm going to dip it in this. That is so fast and easy, but we'll call it easy French dressing. I'm going to have another French dress and I'm going to bring to you to it. I'm also going to bring you, whoa, it's a cheese sauce with very little fat in it. This is going to be good over your zoodles or your corn pasta noodles or your rice slash corn slash connoa pasta. Depending on where you are. So I'm going to be bringing you that later, hopefully. I'm also going to be bringing you a chocolate pudding. A so good when it sets up in the fridge or it's just like, you know, the old school chocolate pudding. Like when you were a little girl or guy, I'm also going to be bringing you a wrap with a mock mayonnaise on it and you could you could put it in a color green. You could put it in lettuce. You roll it up a little toothpick, but you can lay out kinds of veggies in there and goodies. But the key is this mock mayo, which I'm going to give you two varieties. I'm going to give you one variety that's fat free and one that's very minimal fat. So either one would work if you're 80, 10, 10. So anyway, this is the easy French dressing. So I just want to bring you that right quick. I have a great day. Bye.