 Hello everybody, this is Jiren and I am the dog groomer. Today I'm going to show you how to properly clean and maintain your blade. It's clipper blades. And I got the idea because I see a lot of groomers, I get a lot of questions actually. I'm asking why doesn't their blade go through smoothly, why does it keep catching? And so, you may have experienced yourself, you're going through a dog with the clipper blade. Let's just say it's going through pretty smoothly and it starts catching. It starts catching. It doesn't really go through smooth. It starts pulling hairs and the dog starts nipping and you know, it's no fun. So then you pull the blade off, you put another one on and it seems to go through fine. So what do you do? You take this blade that wasn't working and that was catching, you throw it away, but you put it in a decimal or a drawer somewhere. If that's the case, I'm going to show you how to actually get these blades to start clipping smoothly and cleanly. Abraham Lincoln once said, if he had six hours to cut down a tree, he would spend the first four hours sharpening his axe. And I think that's very, it puts emphasis on how important it is to take care of our tools, to make sure it's sharp. That way with quality tools, with good sharp clean blades, we'll be able to cut down our clipping time. It's going to give you a nice smooth cut. You won't get as many club track lines. They just all around good things. All right. I like to use a little old toothbrush. So whenever the toothbrush starts getting really old, rather than throw it away, you can use it to actually clean your tools with. You're also going to need some clipper oil. And the clippers that I use personally, and you know, they don't sponsor anything, it's just the blades I started, the clippers that I started grooming with that I've grown used to. So it's Andy's, A.G.C., super speed, two speed. And the A.G.C. just stands for animal grooming clippers. What we're going to do is before we actually put the clippers, the blade into the blade wash, what I like to do is I like to slide it open, right? Once you slide it open, you can get all of this, that hair that was caught in there, get it all out, and then we'll do it to the other side so we close that and pull it back out on the other side. That way we get both sides. They're all clean. Well, maybe not clean, but at least the hair is out of there. And even just by doing that, these blades will actually start, this blade will actually start clipping smoother again if it is catching on hair, just by clearing out the hair that's in between the cutting blade. Oh no. Okay, great. I'm glad to happen. So if it does come out like that by accident, of course, then you just kind of wedge it in there. Oh no. What happened was this little plastic liner thing, fell out, fell out. And my hands are not really nimble. You know, if you look at them, they look like construction hands. So that's why I have a little bit of trouble. It's a little trick. I learned back in numb. That's good. Okay, so you put your little human stats in between right there. And then we're going to use this, the human stats here. Now some on a weird angle to lift it and we'll slide it right back in. Okay. So now we can slide it right back in there. Okay. So just by clearing the hair that's in between the cutting blade and the guide blade there, you'll get a nice cut. But I like to go step further and then you want to make sure it's running. Turn it on. That's a seven blade. So what we're going to do is we're going to dip it into the clipper wash and just the tip. You want to dip the whole thing in there. You just want to get the cutting part right there. So right into blade wash for about 10 seconds. All right. Now we're going to wipe that clean. You can take it off really. You can't wait. Nice and clean. And then there's two, there's several ways you can do it. You can slide it out again and you can oil it like that. You just get the oil on there and on both sides. So right there. So you can oil it like that and that's all right. Or sometimes what I like to do is just turn it on and just drop a few drops of oil on there as it's running. And that way it kind of distributes all that oil all there. And anytime you're working with metal on metal, anything that's meant to cut things, you want to make sure it's oiled. So it doesn't, it doesn't, you know, dull it down so you get a nice smooth cut. Also, friends, rusting. You know, just oil is good thing. You want to keep your blades well. Actually, this blade, seven blade, I can't remember the last time I got this sharpened. I mean, it just, they seem to last longer and you don't have to get them sharpened as often if you just keep them clean and oiled. This clipper here, it runs on a blade drive. See that? Okay. So this blade drive goes back and forth and I just replace this very easy to replace. You just want to take out these two screws and then take this, slide this out. Just slide it out and then put the new one in and just put these two screws back in. And I just, I just replaced it recently so no need to do so. But the thing is when you keep your blades clean and your blades are well oiled and they're clean and you know, it's not putting too much wear and tear on the clipper blades. I mean, on the clippers itself, you won't really have to change the blade drive out that often either because it's not working as hard to keep moving these dull, you know, unwilled blades. Just by taking a little bit of time every day, you actually save yourself a lot of time and money in the long run and you'll actually get better quality work as well. Thank you guys so much for watching my videos. I really appreciate it. Keep the questions coming in. This video actually was a result of somebody asking me a question about their clipper blades and why it catches. You know, how do we clean it? How do we maintain it properly? My buddies Gary, Gary Cacera, who actually is a guy responsible for me even coming up here and you talk. I love you, Gary. But anyways, he told me that he didn't even know that these blades came out like this. He said that he just thought, you know, this is how it is. You don't move this out like that. So, you know, the more we know, the more we grow and the more we grow, the better we get. So I really appreciate all the questions because even when I get stumped and I don't know the answer to the question, that gives me opportunity to research, learn more myself and grow and get better myself. So I really do appreciate that. Keep the questions coming. If you have anything that you're interested in, I may make another video about how to change the blade drive as well when it comes time to change the blade drive. So yeah, I love sharing information, especially if it's going to be helpful. That's my main intention is to make videos that are helpful, practical, informative, you know, and hopefully fun to watch. I know the production quality here sucks. Well, because I'm using a old camera and it's pretty soon here, we're going to be making some really professional videos with Heather and her crew. She has a film crew and everything. Doosers and all this stuff. So hopefully we'll be making some really high quality videos in a little bit here. But I'm not for sure, but I just, just my thoughts, I guess, if we pay film, like professional film crews and, you know, all the producers and all this stuff, then I'm pretty sure I'm not going to be allowed to put it on my YouTube channel. So that's why I decided to make this video just on my own and just show you guys how to quickly keep your clip or blades clean, maintain, just like Abe Lincoln said. You have six hours to cut down a tree. Four hours, he would spend sharpening his axe. So I hear Abraham Lincoln was a pretty smart guy. So maybe he's onto something there. So if we have two hours to finish a dog's haircut or an hour, then maybe we'll be able to spend about five, ten minutes cleaning and sharpening our blades. So I really appreciate everything. Thank you guys so much for all this support. I never imagined that my YouTube channel would actually become anything that it is now. I really never expected this. So I'm probably the luckiest and the most surprised rumor you'll ever meet. And I really appreciate it, guys. Thank you so much. None of this would ever happen without your support, without your encouragement. So thank you so much. I really appreciate it. Namaste. All for it. All for it. With the blessings that exist, the small things that have blessed the gift to realize that everything is a gift.