 Hey guys, what's going on? It's your girl Anita Rivers of Classic Routina back with a new video. So my goal for my channel and for you guys is to come at your guys with more videos, more tips, more techniques, and more DIYs and just easier ways to create what you guys want to create. I have a sketch of what I will be creating today. So this is the prom gown and I'm going to be making this part. So where this waistband is and all of this tool, this is what I'm going to be doing in this video today. So here I have about, let's go small, I have 20 yards of royal blue tool here because I dress is royal blue. Guys will also need a waistband. I'll put this down. So let's go ahead and get started and sort out this tool. Okay, so I have my contract with my clients measurements and now I'm going to check for her waist. So my clients measurements for her waist is as size 29. All of this tool, I'm going to try to double it, fold it, just so that the entire waistband with all this tool can end up being 29 inches just around the waist. So let's see how this is going to go because this is a lot of freaking tool and I'm used to working with tool, just not up here, just down here. So let's see what happens. Okay, so this is a lot of tool, so the reason why I pinned the tool from the front to the back, which is to keep control of the tap seams and now I'm almost at the end and I'm going to show you next what I'm going to do. So now putting on my last couple of her pins. The pins are for really nothing, it's just to keep everything in place so the tool won't be too messy. And so you can have control over what you're working with. So the reason why I'm pinning everything together is because I want this tool skirt to be very thick, which is not see-through. So since everything is folded, it's already folded already. So I'm going to take the edge of this fabric and match it again with the other edge of the fabric to make it more thicker. So I'm going to take this end and match it with the other end, put it together with the sandwich. I'm going to pin again until I like the thickness that I like. So I've got one end and I have the other end and I'm going to put two and two together with the sandwich to make this skirt even more puffy and thicker. See? Now it's thicker and all you have to do is just gather at the waist. It's going to be more fluffy and more puffy and more fun. Okay, designers, we are officially done with opening the tool, folding the tool and then folding it again. So I'm pretty happy with how the tool is looking right now. So just to give you guys an insight on what it's looking like, I'm going to go ahead and like move this to the right. Three guys can see how long this is. What's that I just folded about four times? So that's one that right now? I don't know, I like to double again. So yeah, I'm going to double this again to make it thicker. You guys can't really see through the tool that much and that's exactly what I like. So once I do it again, it's going to be around the waist and it's going to look freaking amazing. I think with this tool, I finally realized that when you guys are working with a lot of tools that gathering may not be the right thing to do because once you pull and it's a lot of tools, the thread is going to pop. Well, mine's pop, I don't know about yours. So what I did, I just gathered my waistband up until 29 inches, which is this. I'm going to go ahead and put this on the mannequin so you guys can see what it's looking like. And the only thing left for me to actually do is just to make the actual waistband. So with this detachable tool down, it's going to be a closure in the front so that you can take it off and come off like that. But it's looking really nice. I'm proud of myself. Thank you. Okay, so as you guys can see, I finally just top stitched my gathers down and you see all of this extra fabric up here, we don't need that. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to take my scissors and make sure they're very sharp. I'm going to cut off these edge threads. And then I'm going to actually just cut all of this tool down that you don't need. But you want to continue to cut your thread all the way across. And again, make sure it's not too close to the actual stitch. So after you cut your tool, this is what the waist to your skirt should look like if you guys gather. You just, this is gather, you can delete it, you can do small folds. You can actually do smaller folds than what I did. This fold is actually, this is an inch fold. You guys can do smaller ones, you can do bigger ones, as I make a difference. This is more of a freestyle project. As long as you get the same look, it's okay to gather, to do pleats and to do whatever you guys want to do. As long as you guys can accomplish making your detachable tool skirt look the same, the method doesn't really matter. So we have our waistband and you guys are going to place the right side of the waistband on the gathers. The right side goes towards the gathers. And you guys are actually going to leave about a half an inch off, just like that. And you put it correctly so you guys can see it. You guys are going to leave about one inch or half an inch off and you guys are going to just pin down here. And you guys are going to pin your waistband all the way across. And remember, you guys are going to leave about a half an inch on this side. And this is to close the waistband. Because eventually we are going to put this tool together and we are going to sew, turn it inside out and that's going to be the clean edge of the waistband. So yeah. And then I'm going to sew along this edge right here that we basted earlier in the video. And again, I'm going to turn my notch to three. Okay, so we are done sewing the waistband to the skirt. And what you guys are supposed to do is to actually flip a half an inch over like this. And this will cover the rest of your waistband. And once you guys do that, you guys can see that the front is already clean. Let me turn it this way so you guys can see it. So this is the front. See how clean the front is? The front is very clean. So actually what we guys are going to do, we are not going to sew this back yet. We are actually going to go ahead and sew our sides together. So you're going to take your sides and you're going to place them together like a fold. And what we are going to do now, we are just going to go ahead and sew this. So I'm going to take a pin to secure it. And then what we're going to do next is just cut this off. Don't get too close. Just make sure you have enough of the extra fabric. Once you guys cut that, you guys will flip it inside out. And you guys will see that that's your corner to your waistband. And ladies and gentlemen, this is the right side. See how clean that is? So again, once you guys sew the sides, see them turn a waistband? Are you going to tuck it in? Make sure you point the corner out with your nail. And this is what your front of your waistband is going to look like. Just like this. We're going to go ahead and do the same thing to the other side. Okay, so now that we are done with the waistband, this is the wrong side. As you guys can see, kind of see. And this is the right side. So what we are going to do, we are actually going to go ahead and topstitch all of that extra tool that's underneath. We're going to go ahead and topstitch that down using your number three notch. Okay, designers. As you guys can see, this is the front and this is the back side. So what we are going to do is this extra fabric, we're actually going to fold over, maybe like a little bit of that. You can see it just a little bit. I'm not going to give you guys a measurement because everyone's skirt is going to be different. You guys are going to take this extra piece here. And you guys are just going to bring that over the tool and you guys are going to pin. So you guys actually want to cover that extra tool. So it can look something like this. And you guys are going to do that all the way around and along the inside of the tool. We are not going to stitch this part. You're actually going to hand sew this bottom part. Because you don't want to have a seam being shown on the front. So we are going to hand sew it and hand sewing this down. You can hand sew that down in many different ways. Okay. So we're going to do this. See how it's folded underneath and have a pin pin. So you guys are going to fold underneath just like that. Covering that tool and you guys are going to place a pin outside of my garment. So the end size should look like this. And you have an option. You guys can literally just sew this with a machine. But you guys are going to see another stitch on the other side. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to take my two inch needle that I like to sew with. I'm going to double my needle. And I'm just going to do like a zigzag stitch like on the tool on the fabric, on the tool on the fabric. Okay. Bash and Easter is so. Bash and Easter is fashion. Mistars whoever you are out there. As you guys can see, I'm finished with this part of the prom dress. Now for those of you who are paying attention, you guys. I put a hook and I on the end side. One side and the side. So you can just hook right on. And that is it. So as you guys know, I got told you before in the video, my client is a size 29. So that's why this is hanging off of the mannequin. And again, you always want this to be pretty snug on your client's waist. And again, like I said, this may look a little bit plain now. But of course, I'm going to add some lace or some stones just around the lace so it won't be so plain. And I want to bet this up just so you guys can see what it's looking like. And from this project, from what I'm actually seeing, is that a lot of tools. It's going to be uneven because it's a lot, a lot of layers. The best thing for you guys to do is to actually steam it before a client is come because when you steam it, you guys can see how long it will really end as well as being coffee and everything else like that. Or depending on what your client might like, she may want you to leave it. And she may actually want you to actually like fluff it up and to be more fluffy. It depends on what your client likes guys. But as you guys can see, this came out pretty damn good. And again, your client will have your client dress underneath. And this one look amazing in pictures. And this royal blue is amazing. And as you guys know, I'm short, so this will not work. Oh, it kind of fits me. And these coolies are all my funnily foot yet. This is how it is. And when she takes a picture, she can like step to the side, you know, go like this. You know, go like that. You know, when you're on a dress open, it's pretty cute. And it's very fluffy, it's very long. So also what I'm going to do, I might actually add some stones like on the tool. She doesn't know. She never acts for any of that, but I think I'm going to do that because again, your name goes on all of your pieces. And you want every piece to be different. And you make colorful, fun, wearable show stopping. I hope you guys really like this video. I hope I went a little bit slower for you guys who set out going too fast. Again, if you like this video, give it a thumbs up. If you have any questions, please leave them below in the comments below. And I will see you guys next time. And again, thank you guys for watching this video. On DIY, how to make a detachable train. Bye guys. Bye.