 This video I'm going to give you in an in-depth review of a self-cleaning litter box for cats. I'm going to put a link at the bottom of the video description. I bought this one from Amazon for like $25, free shipping to your house. So Amazon sells it for $25, free shipping to your house. Right under the video in the description you're going to find a link. How to bring a little bit of a dignity in your life, so you don't have to scoop poop all day long when you have a cat. This is a normal box that everybody's familiar with. You put the cat litter in here and then you have to use a little spoon like this and you have to keep going up and down to clean it. I'm not a cat person but my wife is and because of that there's some duties in the house that I have to share with her. One of them is cleaning the litter box which I draw online. I really don't like to look for for shit in the box. What I have done I have purchased a self-cleaning box. Let me explain the principles behind this box and I'm going to show you the good things about it and the bad things about it. How it works is you put a little on this side. There are two compartments. There is a compartment on here on the side behind the grill. I'm sorry I have to show you inside the box but it comes with a video. There's a grill over there and then there is an empty compartment here towards the top where there's a tray where all the stuff that a cat left in the box will be stored in this little container. You don't have to use one of these shovels. This one becomes absolutely when you get this box. To clean it is very very simple. First thing you need to know about this box is you have to have room in the house. You can't just put it in the corner and expect that you will be able to use it. You'll have to put it into an area of the house where you can have enough room to be able to flip it over because you have to flip it over upside down. So what you do is you flip it upside down. So first you're going to go sideways like this. When you go like this in the first compartment all the catalytic goes in this compartment but that grid that you saw over there, that little filter was going to do is going to filter all the cat stuff that is in the litter box and is going to collect it above the filter. Once collected above the filter what's going to happen is you are going to flip the box even more. So you're going to go even more and then all the stuff will fall into the top compartment. Once is on the top compartment you can bring the box back. When you bring the box back it will collect automatically into the tray that you have here on the side. When you have to do at the end you have to bring the box a little bit this way. So what will happen is it will bring the catalytic back into this compartment where you will be able to reuse it. And then all the nasty material that the cat left will be stored into this tray. I know it's not pretty but it's a little bit more dignifying than this little shovel that I had to use before. To dispose of the calculator as the simple is just dumping it into a bag and putting it in a trash and then the tray can go back into the box and you're ready for the next time when you need to use it. What are the pros and the cons about this box? It makes it very very easy to clean so that's definitely a good thing. The bad thing about it is that when it comes shipped to your house it comes in two pieces. So the top piece and the bottom piece are separate pieces so they could ship it a little bit easier that way. Because of that what happens is that the box needs to be assembled together and when you assemble it together this little niche is they're not perfect. So what you're going to do is every time you're going to flip it over you're going to have a small line of dirt that's going to come out from the box from this little niche over here. So if you look at this line of dirt you're going to see a little bit of a calculator coming out from this little crack over here. The only improvements that I made to this box since I got it is because it doesn't seal very very well and this little locks don't really hold very very well. What I've done is I've took a couple of screws like these and I literally just drill through the box. So I drilled them in place to hold the box a lot better. And this holds the box a lot better so then you avoid all kinds of leaks. Another one over here. Then another one you could put as many as you want. Unless you have to disassemble this box a lot. This works for me a lot better because that way I don't have to deal with the line of sand coming out through here. Would I recommend this product? Absolutely. This one brings dignity back into your life. Cleaning up cat litter is not the most cool thing in the world and this will bring a little bit of a sanity back into your life. So it will make it a little bit easier even for a guy like me that doesn't like really cats. This will definitely do the job and it will collect all the crap literally collect all the crap that cats live behind. So I hope you enjoyed this one. If you're thinking about buying one I highly recommend it. I think it's going to be a good investment for anybody that has cats and doesn't really care about very much about cleaning off the cats. I'm going to put a link at the bottom of the video description. I bought this one from Amazon for like $25 free shipping to your house. So Amazon sells it for $25 free shipping to your house. Right under the video in the description you're going to find a link.