 Holy cow, look at this mess on my driveway. All the way down. All the way out to the street. This is because you guys didn't like pine straw. You wanted red cypress mulch and I put the red cypress mulch. But I don't have gutters. I don't have the reindeer reflector like you see. Over here I have a reindeer reflector on the roof. I don't have anything like that. So this gets beet with water, especially with the rain we've been having. And pounds the mulch and makes it float out. So what we're going to do is we're going to install a landscape edging to help keep the mulch in this area. And they got this little stuff that's at lows. It's like ten bucks for an eight foot length. You get about seven and a half feet out of it. I need almost 32 feet. We're going to go get four lengths. So that would be about 28 to close to 30 feet. And we'll get a full footer. Actually two full footers. I already tried a dummy area and it seems like it's going to work. So I'm going to show you guys how to do this. It's real quick. It's real simple for about what, 40, for less than 50 bucks. I'm going to solve my edging issue right here. And I'm going to keep my mulch in my property. It's going to cost about 50 bucks. And we're going to go to lows and we're going to do it right now. But the first thing you want to do will be to measure out how much you need here. So I used a walking stick, you know, the little wheel that counts it out loud. You can measure one of your blocks here and then just multiply that by. I figured they were like full foot lengths. So you got one, two, three, four, five, six times four is 24. I actually walked it out and it came up to almost 32 when you go all the way up. So just this side we're worried about right now for video purposes. And then don't forget you're also going to have a little area possibly right here to contend with. So what we're going to do is put a full footer, a full footer and curve it. We're going to curve it right here. And I'll show you guys how to make that curve. Then we're just going to go on up, connect it all in and see what we can do. So we're going to go to lows and this video is not endorsed, or sponsored by anybody. So this is just, you know, long guy side hustle guide. Just going to give you guys some tips and tricks with a product that I found off the shelf at lows that I think is pretty neat. Let's give it a shot. Okay, here we go. So we got all this different type of edging that's available to us. That's the common, like the black piping. But you got to like dig that down and it's flexible. So you actually have to like dig a trench, somehow one way or the other. But this is this newer stuff that's available. At least it's new to me. I've never used it before from colmet.com. So you guys can check this out online. Again, I'm not endorsed, or sponsored by them. But here's the instructions, snap the stakes off, form it to where you want it to go. Beat it in with a hammer. But when you beat it in with a hammer, I suggest you use wood block and I'll show you. So you don't dent or discolor it. It comes in green and it comes in brown. And I like the brown. So this is it right here. And you see it's flexible. So you can bend it around where you need to go. It's eight foot lengths. And at the end, you have the stakes. This is two stakes. You pull these off with pliers and I'll show you. And then you line up this part with the next one. Sorry for that. See how this one's on the bottom? The stakes are up top. And this one's on the top. The stakes are on the bottom. So you put the next piece with the bottom here. Peel the stakes off the top. And then you put them through to connect it. I'll show you how to do that. But that's an eight foot length. And it tells you right here. To use 7.33 after you take the the stakes off. Now, if you don't use the stakes, then you, you know, you'd have an eight foot length. If you just needed one eight foot length, you can leave the stakes on. So what we're going to do is we're going to get four of these at 10 bucks a piece for 40. Now we're going to get a couple of these four footers that they have back here. All right. First thing we're going to do, we're going to clean up our workspace. Let's go ahead and get all this crap blown back in. All right. The next thing that kind of concerns me is the edge here where it's a little bit of muck from the rain. But we're going to rake along this and just kind of clear away some of these chunks of the mulch. So it makes it easier for us to drive the edging into the dirt. And we don't have big chunks of mulch blocking us. So we'll just rake that out of the way real quick. Okay. We have a clean workspace now and we went ahead and we scraped the mulch out of our way for the most part. So now what I went ahead and I did is I laid out what I went ahead and I did. Is that proper? What I ended up doing next was I laid out the edging along the curve here. And you remember at lows, I showed you how they're very flexible. So what we're going to do is lay them out exactly how you want them to go into the edge. And remember you have the stakes. So when you peel these two stakes off right here, which I'll show you in a second, then you have this trip which lines up on this right here and you drive the stakes right through and that becomes one more or less. If you leave a little bit of space, you can let water drain, which is why I did it this way. Also to show you a bend. You don't have to bend. You could just end it and end it. You could just go into a little space right here at the crack for water to drain. Even put like patio screen right there a little bit so water drains, but mulch doesn't. But I wanted to show you this edge and show you how you can create a corner like that. But you got it all laid out. It's ready to be beat down into the dirt there. Make a nice little edge about two to three inches above the sidewalk is what I'm looking for. And then you'll peel these stakes off, peel these stakes off, put this to this spot here. And then you put your stakes through. And you continue it down and you form it all in. But first let me show you this edge. Okay, real simple. The bigger your pliers, the easier this will be. But you got your stakes right here. You got a little like tack weld right here, little tack weld right here, here and here. So first grab it right there and bend. And you'll get that little tack weld to break. There's a stake. That's one. And then you got number two right here. There's your second stake. And then the stakes go right in like this and you line them up. Now let me show you that. I have this laid out just sitting here. This is the one we just took the stakes off of right here. And we got it right up against the brick and we're going to leave the stakes in up there because there's no reason to take them out. So we're going to drive this in as a unit right there. And it lines up perfectly with this one right here. So we'll take these stakes off of these two. I already did a dummy run of this. But we'll take these two stakes off right here. And then we're going to line this up. And that's going to drive the stakes in. Make this one. And then right here. I made the 90 here. Actually a little bit more than 90. Let me show you how we did that. Okay, bending metal that's thin like this is not hard to do. All you need to do, place it on the floor, put a piece of board over it just like so. Put your weight on the board just like that. And then grab it and bend. And this will make a rounded 90. Now if you need it to be square 90 once you get it up then you take a rubber mallet and then you would beat it. Once this is up then you would beat it to form the 90 of the wood corner right there. That's all you got to do if you want to make a hard turn. All right, a board and pull up too easy. All right guys? Okay, now you got your one board, your one piece here. That's going to go like this. That we took the stakes out of the top already right there. Now we got this piece here that we took the stakes off of. Now we just line it up. Put our stakes through. I like my stakes medium rare. It's going to be kind of hard to do one handed. Hold on. Get your stakes started. Okay. Now with me, I want this to be right. There we go. And this is the piece that we put that little 90 on right here. So now we're just going to line this up and drive the whole thing in. This probably wouldn't be a bad idea to wear some gloves. Massing with this metal. Line it up here. I didn't clear the mulch way on this area here so it is a little bit harder for me. So we'll just do this. Now, taking a board, go to where you need an absolute end. Okay, up there it can be perfect or not. It doesn't really matter. Up here we want an absolute end. We want it to line up with the concrete correctly. So start where you need it correct. We'll give this a little love, a little tapy tap. Make sure we're lined up where we want it right at the end. And use a wood. Use a board so you don't damage the metal. Drive it in all the way up. And when you get to the stakes, drive the stakes in. So let's flush and use the board. Noting there's additional spots for stakes if you want them. If you're curving this around a curve, you're going to want to use those additional stakes. I'm driving that down just a little bit because this piece goes on top. And there's an edge installed. But that's going to definitely be a huge help with keeping the mulch in the bed. And I'm just going to continue on now. That's that. That should leave enough of a gap right there that water can drain out. But this is actually sealed to this. So it's not like two separate units where this might peel out or that might peel out because it's staked. And that's why I rounded it. So water should be able to get out and trap the mulch. So we got our first piece in. And you see you just got to work it. Just keep working it with the wood and the hammer and half patience. It's a little splashy because of the mud. And then just go ahead and keep on rolling it around. Let me finish up and I'll show you guys the finished product. Hopefully that's showing pretty good in the video. I got a second piece in. And what I'm doing is I'm keeping it about two and a half inches above the concrete. I don't want it too high. I just want to try to help. Just try to get the edge here and see no pun intended. And see if that's all that it's going to take to keep my mulch in. I don't really want it to be too high though. But we'll see what happens. Alright, we'll do one more in regular speed and close out the video. First, brace the stakes off the end. You're going to seam up with the piece you just installed. Fires. Fins are on the end. What you're going to do if you need to break them off or if that's going to be it. That's going to be it. We're just going to end it there. I'm not too worried about the last foot not having it honest to guide. When the mulch is all piled in, you won't even see it. We're going to stand it up and feed the stakes through. Line it up so it's pretty close. Feed your stakes through. You can just use your block of wood to get it started. Alright, come down to your next set. Feed it in. That's going to keep your edging from wandering while you're putting it in. We'll go right to the end with this one. Now that you got it set, what you got to do now is drive them in. Line it up, drive them in. Working your way down to the piece. You got a little space right here. That little space right there. Come down to the end. Give it a little love. Now that space is gone. I put down about $20 in mulch. I got five bags of mulch. I had a little over $3 bucks a bag plus tax. It was like $19 or something like that. Let's put the mulch down. Let's go ahead and take a step back and now let's take a look at the finished product. Hopefully, like I said, it's going to do what I needed to do and just retain the mulch better than what it was doing. That looks pretty nice. Total cost was $57 for the edging. About $20 for the bags of mulch to touch it up. I'm looking at about $90 bucks. I think you get $100 if you get a couple more bags and get a little bit better behind the bushes. But there's no need for that. Looks good. Not too shabby. I sprayed the weeds and took care of that. Very inexpensive but very nice and very clean. The mulch is a very good product. It's a very good product. It's a very good product. It's a very good product. It's a very good product. It's a very good product. It's a very good product. It's a very good product. It's a very good product.