 One of the best ways that you can prepare yourself for quid and drinking is to prepare your environment, right? To re-engineer your environment to your own specifications. I'm Kevin O'Hara for Alcohol Mastery.com and this is just a quick video on one of the tips that you can sort of take in your life to prepare yourself for quid and drinking alcohol. And that's to prepare your environment. Now, your environment is one of the biggest areas for triggers in your life, right? It's going to, you know, no matter where you are, this is the place, you know, your home, your office, the route you take from your home to your office, the route you take to drop your kids off to school, all these kind of things, these all involve triggers. You know, they might not involve alcohol triggers, but you've got to sort of isolate those areas in your life which are triggering off your alcohol habit and try and change those areas. Now, you've got a lot more control over your home environment than you have over your office environment. Unless, you know, you want the office and then you can make a lot more changes. You've got a lot less control over your, you know, the street environment or anywhere outside of those things. So, really concentrate your efforts on looking in your home and sort of removing any of the things in your home that are causing you to think about alcohol. You know, one of the first areas to start is obviously getting rid of all the alcohol, get rid of the alcohol paraphernalia, all the corkscrews, the bottelopener, all the glasses, the beer mats, you know, anything that's reminding you of alcohol in your house. If you normally sit in a certain place, at night when you're drinking your beer or your wine or whatever it is, you know, sit somewhere else, and rearrange the furniture if you can. You know, put the TV on the other side of the room and you know, change things around a bit so that it looks fresh and it's not a big reminder. Now, there's plenty of little things that you can do like this to just help yourself, you know. Try and do this before you stop drinking. You know, do this in your preparation stage. Sometimes there's not a lot you can do. You know, if your partner is going to continue to drink, you can always have a chat with them and just say, look, you know, I want to try and make these changes. I want to try and, you know, my first change is going to be alcohol. I want to try and get rid of alcohol out my life. I'm stopping drinking alcohol for a while or whatever way you put this. And you basically say to them, well, you know, can you give me a helping hand here, you know, can you sort of, you know, drinking in another room or drinking a, you know, instead of drinking your wine in a wine glass, drink it in a coffee cup, you know. So that is not sort of there in front of me all the time. You know, keep the wine in a cupboard instead of putting it on the countertop. These are all things that simple things that your partner can do to help you. As I say, with the outside world, you're not going to be able to do too much. You know, it's difficult to sort of get an advertising billboard torn down or, you know, get a liquor store or the pubs closed down. You're not going to be able to do that, but you can change your route. You don't have to go by these places. You know, you certainly don't have to go into your local liquor store. You don't have to go down the wine aisle in the supermarket. You don't have to pass by the pub that you normally go into. You don't have to do any of those things. You can avoid, you know, if you can't change the environment, then avoid it as the best tip. So just a short video here, just to give you a quick tip. If you have any questions, I'll leave them down below. Go on off to the website and sign up for the newsletter. If you're interested in taking a course on preparing yourself, giving yourself full preparation for Quirin Drinking Alcohol and the best chance of stopping drinking, then I have a new course out. You can get a 40% off it by clicking on the link below. Just click on the link and it'll take you to the page and you can read all about it there. So until next time, I'm Kevin O'Hara for alcoholmastery.com onwards and upwards.