 So I have a feeling he's had it with the talking. We've all had it with the talking to be honest. But he is here and he is ready and he is going to give his belt back. And I give to you the former Light Heavyweight Champion of the World and the future Light Heavyweight Champion of the World, Sergey Kovalev. Applause Hi everyone. It's also full. I want to say thank you for bundled weight and Richard Storm. Also, you might like admission, HVL Bakerview and Tumidim for everything what I have right now. What do you want to hear from me? I already said enough and I will prove it. Junseo Dien in the day. And you get prepared. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Yeah. It's great like that. Yeah. I have thanks to everyone involved in the event, can say everybody by name of course, HBO, Mandelaet Bay, Mr. Storm, Peter Nelson, Team Dova, Team Cola, everybody who was involved in this to make it possible the media, whether or not it was this. We appreciate that too, and one thing I can concur on is what Kathy said. I think I've already said why wasn't there so much interest? You know, if you go to the website, you see them talking about fights three and four months from now. And we understand, but the best fighters in this year, and probably like she said, number one and two in the world, are fighting two days from now. Why it's like it is, I don't know. I'm sure it might have something to do with 100 great war. And how he stands up for himself as a man, you know. But we will leave out of law. On a sad note, I am sad that John David took it to where it shouldn't have gone. You know, my grandmother taught me something long time ago. She says, the truth has feet and a lie has wings. That's why I like and fly all over town and get there first. The truth moves slowly, but when it gets there, it'll stand on its own. So it's very disappointing to know what I know. And it turns out to be the way it is. But we're going to leave it alone because I'm not here to mess with his livelihood. And I said that from the very beginning, if you can't help, don't enter. So I thank everybody for coming. Looking forward to another very highly competitive fight. A fight that means a lot to both men and the new means a lot to both men, you can't help but have to fight. We took everything that Serge said personal in the respect that we took him for his work. If he wants to injury, men is career hurting. We took that as his word and we just put our heads to the ground. So we can kind of understand now what's really going on. OK, but I'm glad he's mad too. OK, so hopefully we can put a happy smile on everybody's face after 17. Thank you. Andre S. O. G. Ward. Woo! Woo! Thank everybody. Before I start, I just want to send my prayers out of my thoughts to Daniel Franklin's family. You know, it's really broke my heart when I heard this. You know, top of that, you know, he's a stable bit of mine. He's fought on several of mine in the car. And you know, it's the worst situation, you know, that you can find us. It's the worst situation the fighter could find himself in. And so I just want to let his family know I'm praying for him. I would love to speak to him at some one time. And I'm dedicating this victory to him and his family because he's a brother of this court. And I'm excited to be here. I'm the same God was last time. The God was five fights before, two years before. Like, we don't have a lot of highs and lows in this camp. You know, we've been grinding from the beginning. You know, whether you get just, do or not, whether you get attention to not, we got a blue collar mentality. We put our head down. We don't take no minutes. But, you know, we fight to stay humble, you know, because we understand where our strength comes from. And if that strength is removed, we got problems. So it's no different to this fight. I'm no higher than I was last time emotionally. I'm no lower. I didn't train no harder. There was no major overhors. We're going to make adjustments. We know him and his side are going to make adjustments. And at the end of the day, man, I'm not going to be distracted by the talk. I'm not going to be distracted by the pullers. I got a couple of missions in mind when I came with Las Vegas. To glorify a guy with my performance and the way I act outside that ring, to defend my belts, the belts that I won back in November. And to get home and kiss my wife and kids. That's it. Won't be distracted. I'm locked in on what I got to do. I hope everybody tombs in to pay review. And those that are reading this, if you hear, come to the fight. It's going to be a tremendous fight. I'm expecting his best. But you're going to see a different Andre award. I'm going to just leave it at that. You'll see another guy near Saturday night. And that's my favorite time, a show on tail time. All the talking is good. It's good for the fans. Good to build it up. It's all good. But anybody that knows me knows I'm about to action. I'm about getting done. And I don't have to announce when I'm on my way. I just like to show up and get it done. So I want to end it with your same. And I'm thankful, man, to be in this position. You know, I've been in this position for over a decade. I'm born on 13 years in December. And I'm blessed, man, to be able to do what I've been doing at the highest level for as long as I have. A lot of fighters don't always last 18 to 15 years. So I'm thankful, man, and I'm blessed. I'm excited to see somebody's young fighters on this undercard. I'm excited, man. There's a lot of guys that I know grew up watching. I mean, guys that I watch develop as my career was developing. This is your time to shine, man. This is your moment. To do what you got to do, lock in and get focused. And when the lights turn on, man, anytime the strength back is time to shine. And my boy, ring it now. And I'm always happy to be on the car with you, man. That's a massive year. That's a massive, nothing more respect to ring it down. And the fact that they don't understand you, my brother, that's not your fault. The fact that you don't get to respect you deserve. That's not your fault. That's got more than to do it them and less to do it you. So I'm watching your video. So respect my brother. And I appreciate it's honor to be on the car with you. Thank you. I'll see you later tonight. Woo! Woo! And I always blow my thank you by apologize. Everybody that's associated with this great event, everybody, the media, the sponsors, the Nevada State Athletic Commission. That was my first time fighting for that commission. My last fight, and just the way they go about things, the precision they have, there's no nonsense, man. I appreciate that from the commission. Finance, ASBO, HBO. Just honor great fans. You really don't matter if you force against this tune in. Be a part of it. Thank you, man. We appreciate it. Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! One thing that I'd like to do on behalf of Team Ward, we are going to be making a contribution to Daniel Franco's family. I would encourage you all. He has a GoFund, is it a GoFund me page? If you could spare anything at all or tell someone that can, we're a fraternity in boxing. And we need to support his family in this really difficult time. And we're all praying for him. But if you just Google Daniel Franco GoFund me, you'll find the GoFund me page. And that is a real, that's the way we show them love at this difficult time. So if you can spare it or know someone that can, please do it. Thanks. We're going to do a face-up with him. How are you going to do this? No, not me. Not me. Oh, man. That's a great question, though. Unfortunately, there's no opponent right now. I'm just wondering whether or not there's going to be a fight on Saturday night. Kathy, even though your fight is not a year, do any final comments? You do. Come on in, period. Thanks. I want to thank Team War. And that's the group I really did forget to thank for working so hard to get started. It's not going to work out the way you are. In fact, I see you have these Daniel little towels here with all the sponsors on them. And I just wanted to know, Verge, is this what you're going to start on into the ring in the middle of the fight? Oh, no. I'm going to ask if this is what you're going to do. I'm going to ring it some time. It's a wrap. OK. So you got three. You use this spot? Yes, it's a wrap. I'll always say no. OK. Of course. I know you all are respect. I know. I know. I know. But no, the procedure is in. You do not have to be right now. So if you convince yourself about anger, all you want to do, the man is twisted, really. You know what? I'm not good to know. I just want to say that. That's cleverly. I can be an anger. That was passed. Yeah. Because you've stepped when you stepped in a ring. You know, I would be glad. You know, I have to also point out that not the gossip girls are done when talking about all of their outside their insum. That's great. Again, that stuff isn't necessary here. And I think it's kind of sad that Ward's team doesn't have enough faith. They have to go into these lines to try to twist their gaze ahead. I think, you know, Sergay will be there. I promise on Saturday. And he will be angry. And he will be spectacular. And we are going to have fireworks. So please don't miss that. Thank you. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. I think Sergay just threw in the towel just now. Yeah. That's where I think just now. It seems no more will hear. OK. Thank you, like 10, for that wonderful towel, by the way. Yeah! Thank you so much. Yeah! Yeah! There you go. And one more thing to the media, all you guys who glorified and gave him this moniker and gave him this special pass, he just showed you what he really thinks about you. And to not give you the opportunity to snap a face-off photo or to get to comments and things like that, it's really an insult. So it's like the little kid playing ball on his street. And when he's got the bat in the ball, but he can't play so when he strikes, I didn't want to take his stuff and go home. So it's really an insult that he's been built to allow all these things to take places, career from HBO and everybody else, but he walks out. It's always been traditional. And that's unfortunate. What I've been saying is that you're going to be letting me close now. OK, let me close now. I want to thank everybody for the media, for coming tonight. This afternoon, this is going to be a great fight. If you need tickets, tickets are still available. If you're watching on TV, HBO Pay Per View, a great value, we look forward to seeing you on Saturday night. Thank you.