 This is my homemade sail for my reception guide, started with how I attach the base for the mast to my pack. This is a Perception Paster 12.5. These are those basic clips they bought at 4 packet loads and there are various PVC parts and some aluminum bracing to strengthen it up. It just sets down into this access hole. I don't know the storage hole up front. I rotate it, tip it down in and then just clamp all three of those in place and it is solid in place. The mast is made from 3.4 inch PVC with a piece of electrical conduit inside for a strength so it doesn't bend so much. I added some extra PVC joints on here and dremeled them out so it slides over the mast and this gives a tighter fit so this fits real snugly inside that. PVC tube. Once I get it inside I use this egg, I don't know what you call these to. I have a solid in place and that just snaps on and it is solid. Up the top of the mast I have two eye bolts joined in the middle with a coupler but you can get things called eye nuts that can screw on the other hand of an eye bolt but you have to go online or those that couldn't find them in any store. One of these ropes runs down to the handle at the front of the kayak and the other one runs down to the handle at the back. I really don't know if that is necessary but in my mind it has these stability so it can waver too much. My sails made out of a shower curtain liner and I did some sewing on it. On the mast I have the shower curtain rings, hopefully this all works maybe not in the strongest of wings but for a prototype. The boom is a piece of 3 ¼ inch PVC and I have a rope running through it and it comes out through a little hole here and runs up to a carabiner at the top that actually pull me. When I am out there sailing this extra flap of sail at the bottom with a piece of PVC going through it I just have to wrap around so it doesn't catch the wind. When I am ready to sail I unwrap it, pull this string and I will sail it up. I have a little fancy way of tying the rope in place down here. I have an eyeball, I thread it through, back around the mast and pull it tight and that is locked in place which keeps the sail all the way raised. I can roll this back up to get it out of the way and take my clamp and put it back on there so it is not in the way. I made this short enough so when I am sitting I should still be able to paddle directly in front of me and this has been swinging back and forth without hitting me or getting in the way of paddling when I need to if the wind is not quite strong enough. Then I can just hold on to this rope to keep the sail at whatever angle it needs to remain at. That is my sail. I made a new rudder to go along with this. That is not a fixed rudder. This one is steerable and you will see that in another video. Alright this is my main route for the sail. The wind is going back that way. I am going to raise it up so it gets me spin to me around to it happen. It is not the strongest of winds but it is the air. It took the head of my boat. There is a bilge pole or a stop before whenever you call that for draining gear. I could put a dagger board in it but the more I read from people online talking about putting things in there they say but that is not such a good idea that it is a peak point and you will tear your boat out. I am hoping I do not have to do that. It might be that when the wind I can only go with the wind versus tack against the wind. I am not sure what to get a stronger wind to experiment with that and see how that works out. The wind is going to be a little bit more powerful. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that. I am hoping I do not have to do that.