 Beirls, one of the most popular alcoholic drinks worldwide. In fact, it is the third most popular drink overall. After water and tea, beer is beneficial for your health too. If consumed in moderation, this means 1-12 hours a spare for women and 2 for men in a day. Interestingly, beer is also extremely beneficial for your hair and skin, being rich in antioxidants and amino acids. Beer can help maintain gorgeous skin and lustrous hair. The yeast and beer is also a good source of bevitamins, protein, selenium, potassium, ion, zinc and magnesium, which are beneficial to the skin in many ways. Here are the top 10 beauty benefits of beer. However, do not use beer on your skin or hair too often as its alcohol content can be drying when used in excess. Before watching the full video, please take a moment to subscribe our YouTube channel. By clicking the subscribe button and then tapping the bell icon so that you notified first when we post a new video. One, mix hair healthy and shiny. Week hair is more prone to breakage and also looks dull and lifeless. To make your hair healthy and strong, beer is very helpful. It works as an excellent hair tonic. The protein in the form of hops and malt in beer helps repair damaged hair cuticles and provides nourishment to the hair follicles. This in turn strengthens the hair and prevents excessive hair loss. Beer also helps controls platens, one. After you shampoo your hair, apply flat beer from the roots to the ends, two. Massage your scalp using circular motions for 5 minutes, three. Let it sit for 5 minutes more, then rinse your hair thoroughly with plain water, four. Do this once or twice a week to enjoy soft and shiny hair. To get flat beer, leave a can or bottle of beer open for about 10 hours or warm the beer in the microwave. For the latter, be sure to pour the beer into a bowl or cup. Before put a beer can in the microwave, two conditions your hair. Well conditioned hair looks silky and is easy to maintain. If you have a bottle of beer at home, there is no need to buy expensive conditioners. Beer works as a natural hair conditioner. High in vitamin B and yeast. Beer makes your hair soft and shiny. Shampoo your hair as usual, then spray a small amount of flat beer onto your hair. Allow your hair to dry on its own. Then dry, your hair will look smooth and shiny. Alternatively, you can spray a small amount of beer onto your hair before blow drying or styling it. For a hair rinse, mix one cup each of flat beer and water. Add 2 tablespoons of apple cider vinegar. Use it as the final rinse for your hair after shampooing. There is no need to wash your hair after spraying a little beer on it. As the beer smell is will vanish once your hair is dry. Tea, aims curly hair. Beer works as a conditioner for your hair and helps replenish lost moisture. This in turn helps revitalize your curls. Also, it makes your hair more bouncy. For curly hair, only use dark and non-alcoholic beer. 1. Wash your hair with your regular shampoo. 2. Pour dark, non-alcoholic beer on your hair, thoroughly coating each hair strand. 3. To sit for 5 minutes. 4. Rinse your hair with cold water. 5. Use this remedy once every 2 weeks. 4. Rejuvenate the skin. The antioxidants in beer fight the negative effects of free radicals and prevent premature skin aging. Also, the several vitamins and minerals in it help tighten the skin and reduce the appearance of wrinkles and other signs of aging. 1. Pour together 1 tablespoon of beer, 1 egg white and 3 or 4 drops of almond oil. 2. Apply the face mask evenly on your face and neck. 3. Allow it to dry. Then rinse it off with warm water. 4. Pat dry your skin and apply your regular moisturizer. 5. Use this face mask once a week. Thanks for watching.