 Hello YouTubers! Today I'm going to show you another repair this one. The guy has a leak like in the middle over there, but guess where the water's coming from? Remember what I told you when the vehicle repairs? When you have a flat tile repair, fold this little edge and you're going to have leaks. You see how this water's running? Let me show you. See, he's running from here and going all the way down there. So Mr. Chapping is going to fix it. He's a top of the line, Rufero. That's a bit too much, I think. You see how the water runs on there? He's going from the valley because you know there's nothing to stop there. You know the debris from accumulating here and goes all the way down. And I'm right here in Chino Hills today. He'll take another video later on. See how you remove the tiles? And we're going to put in your felt and then we're going to patch the damage. The damage paper and going that way. Okay guys, I'll see you later. But I just want to show you the damage. Okay, when I got this one, it was the Puyah. As you see I said, this is the way you do it guys. I'll show you how to paint a valley. And this is how you put the water, the trash in the back. You can see how much I've been the intelligent. So you can see that I'm going to cut the valley right here. And then I'm going to tuck it underneath. I'm just going to shift it a little bit from the bottom and going up. Because right here there's no water leak. The water leaks the starch from there. One, two, three, four, four, and down. You see how much water's been running all this year? This is usually happens with the flat tile. Always. This happens with the flat tile only. Actually with the other one too, but the other one, that's why when you do tile you're supposed to use two layers of felt. But this guy you know they do. This is a truck home. So they only use like one layer. That's the minimum what they require. It's not their fault they use following the minimum requirements in which is one layer of felt. And usually when I do my own houses I usually use a beachytane or you know like pilling stick. Membrane underneath along the valley so that way I don't pass up. But anyway, even though if you use membrane underneath, you know the water still going to run that way. So you're always going to have leaks. So the better thing is do it right the first time and don't do it and learn. And learn from these mistakes. Okay guys see you later. Te vas a caer chapping. Bye. And this is the when we remove the tile. This is how it looks underneath. Guys even though if the tile looks good on top, always check the valleys. You see how the water runs this way. This video is dedicated to pack the melana. For the flag. For the flag. Hey you see guys. I feel the water marks on this side so the watch running this way. This way on both sides. So always when you do the tile. For favor cabrones, ruferos, bergados. W in la orilla. Okay. You see guys. I feel the water marks on this side. So the watch running this way. This way on both sides. So always when you do the tile. For favor cabrones, ruferos, bergados. W in la orilla. Okay. You in the front. You, parrandero, you, nacho, Luisito. Acochados. Learn to work. You too, Miguelón. You don't do your paint by uncadas. In the company because you don't do the repairs. I imagine the bergadas that are doing the same thing in the new por. Anyway. I won't say names for you to make. So that you don't know that those companies are very bergados. But anyway guys. I was telling some rufers that I don't. Please to fall the edge of the valley. When they do in flat tile. Okay. Even though if you leave the valley open, you're going to have to do the same thing in the next one. Okay. Even though you leave two pulgadas cut to the edge of the floor. They're not losing time. Please learn to work. If you don't see a little bit of the garcia and the chappin. So that we teach them how to do the valley. That's why we are the best. And we're not working with the cochadas there. For now. We are the best. Bye. I bet you're pink. Didn't do the other one. The camera. Hi. How are you? Okay guys. We patch the roof now. And this is how we did it. See it? Other papers go underneath the existing. Pack it underneath at least four inches. See how it goes? Cross it. And what else? Chappin is the tiniest. Oh, this one is the tiniest. It's broken. It's broken. It's broken. It's broken. It's broken. It's broken. It's broken. It's broken. It's broken. Okay, here we are again. We're done with the repair. Remember I show you how to remove the paper. Put the tile back. Make sure when you remove the tile, put them in the same row. Like this cut, that's the most important. Now we're about the full tile. Chappin de Leola, La Cabana, High Front Chappin. And this is where the leak was coming from. Going all the way underneath. We felt it and we changed. Well, there was no broken tiles here. Anyway guys, this is it. Done. Okay, any questions? Comment. You have a better idea. A faster way to do it. Let me know it. I want to hear it. It's always good to learn something. Alright guys, greetings to everybody. This is Eric Garcia. I want to say and I'll see you on the next repair. Bye bye.