 Hello, welcome back to my channel. I just made this adorable DIY magnetic chore chart. I love how it turned out and the timing is perfect because we are in a time when we need to crack the whip around the house and get Caleb trained on a few chores to do around the house. Here's what you're gonna need. All you need is a cookie sheet from the dollar store. These are some printable jobs that I found online and I will link everything below. This is perfect for tullers because they can't read so a picture will speak a million words to them and I think these pictures are pretty clear. Some of these little wooden discs I found these at the craft store and it's best that they're all about the same size. Some tape and scissors and in hindsight I also recommend a glue stick. Some assorted letters whatever font or anything that you like. I love these stickers that I got because they're a construction zone. It makes me think of chores, jobs, and any stick it done. Some assorted magnets. I just had these laying around and I don't lose them. There's some washi tape that I got for a dollar a roll at our grocery store and of course you will want some ribbons you can attach it so it can hang and a handy dandy glue stick. So let's get started. First you want to put a vertical line down the center to separate the two do's from the duns. Then a horizontal line across the top and this is all completely optional. You really do what works best for you. Next you want to put on the letters and if you're obsessed with like me you're going to take them off and reposition them so that they look just perfect. Then add some stickers if you so choose. Something that you can do if you want you can spray paint this to a certain color but I like to keep the cookie sheet in its normal metal look. Then I added the to-do and done stickers and I think it looks so cute already and I'm not even halfway to doing. Next I what I did was print off the little jobs and I traced the wooden discs on there to the jobs I wanted him to do. Then I taped them onto the discs that they will fit on to. And like I said earlier in hindsight I would use a glue stick and just because it would stick a lot better with the tape I've already had to reposition some of them. So I would say to get a better adhesive I would use a glue stick. The next step is hot gluing all of the little magnets onto the back of the wooden discs. Now all that's left to do is put these chores in the correct place and step back and admire your handy work. Hey Laby you want to move some magnets over on your chore chart? Okay let's see. You combed your hair very good. What else did you do? Did you eat breakfast? Here you go. You ate breakfast. What else did you do? Did you get dressed? Yes. Did you make your bed? No hey hey hey you didn't make your bed. We'll make your bed when you get back from Target. Hey buddy you like your chore chart? Yeah. Is it cool? Yeah I almost could do that in bed. Yeah maybe. Kid look at mommy. You think you want to help mommy with those things while brother takes his nap today? Okay good deal. Hey I love you buddy.