 Greetings Gastronauts, this is Keith Cooks and Keith. Answered by I'm going to show you how to make another wonderful Hungarian dish, Goulache Soup, Goulache Leves. So I'm doing this for Ladislav Hrino, who's requested it and I'm sorry if I mispronounce your name. Ladislav, because I don't speak Hungarian at all. Anyway, I'm glad you requested this because it's probably Hungary's most famous dish, Goulache. And it is delicious. Basically it's a simple beef and vegetable soup, not a stew, flavoured with tons of paprika because Hungarian. And it's delicious, really warming, really comforting. And just what you need for a freezing cold August day in England. Anyway, easy to do, let's do it. Right, ingredients for the Goulache. I've got 450 grams of beef, about the same weight of onions, a yellow bell pepper, a red one, 50 grams of lard, two carrots, four cloves of garlic, a bay leaf, half two spoon of ground black pepper, and a teaspoon of salt, and also a liter of beef stock, that's hot. Oh, and also this red stuff, which is fairly crucial. Paprika, sweet paprika, about two tablespoons. And if you can get the authentic Hungarian one, good on you. So first thing to do is peel and chop the onions. It's better if you've got bigger onions than these. I don't know why I've got, I've still got cooked like kilos of these little teeny, pointless ones to get through, but you know, they're still onions. So just chop them into bits like that. So that's all the onions chopped. Now I'm gonna chop this beef down into smaller cubes. I've got this from the supermarket. These chunks are way too big for this soup, really, your chunks should be about a centimeter, about a half an inch. And that means they'll cook a bit quicker, and be, I don't know, I think massive great chunks of beef are just not the right thing for this. Right now I've peeled the garlic, and I'm just gonna mince it, crush it. So I've melted the lard in a large frying pan on medium heat. It's gonna pop right on the ends in. Just let those cook for about five to seven minutes till they just start browning. And I apologize for the state of this frying pan. I used it as a tower a couple of days ago when I made Biryani and it was cooked. So I'm watch hard and I can't get it clean. Well it's clean, but I can't get it nice and shiny. There we are, they're starting to go brown around the edges. Now I've turned off the heat, and I'm gonna throw in the paprika, and stir that in. The reason, oh smell it, oh wow. The reason for turning it off the heat is so that the paprika doesn't burn. Oh, smells amazing. Mm-hmm, now we'll add the beef and the garlic. I'm gonna put the heat back on. And we want the beef to basically go brown. Now I'm gonna add some of the stock, just enough to cover the beef. And at this point, what you would do is transfer it to a large pan, cover it with a lid, and let it simmer for at least three hours to get the beef really tender and the onions disintegrated. I haven't got three hours. So I'm gonna do it in the pressure cooker, and I'll pop these in the pressure cooker and give it 20 minutes. So the meat is almost cooked, and it's time to get on with prepping the various veggies. First thing to do, the red and yellow peppers, top and toe, and chop them into little bits. So here's a little bits of peppers, and now the carrots, top and toe, lows. Moves, peel them, and then dice them. And confession time, I'm playing an absolute blinder in me for getting to tell you about things, stakes today. Forgot to tell you, you need two potatoes, and a can of tomatoes. I had 400 gram can. So you need to peel the spuds, and then dice them. Same size of the carrots. Right, pressure cooking done, and I've put it into a normal pan, and I'm just gonna try and fish out a piece of meat, and check how cooked it is. That is very cooked, perfect. All right, so finish it off, add the peppers, and the carrots, and the spuds, and the rest of the stock, the bay leaf, half a teaspoon of ground black pepper, and a teaspoon of salt. And don't forget the tomatoes. So in-girl the tomatoes, if they're not chopped already, you'll need to chop them. And let that simmer away. For about half an hour till all the veggies are cooked. So there we are, a delicious goulash. Colorful warm. Ah, that is fantastic. It really is more of a soup than a stew. So serve it with some nice bread, lots of butter, and a dollop of sour cream, and the alafin. And that's that, I hope you enjoyed it. Now you can get the full recipe on my website, kiefecooks.com, and there should be a link kicking around on the screen over there, or down there. And if you haven't already done so, please subscribe to my channel, Link Link. And talk to me, leave comments, make requests, keep it civil and friendly, or I will ban you, and thanks for watching, and see you next time. And today I'm going to show you how to make a love, I'm glad you requested this, because it's probably, um, um, um, um, um, um, anyway, I'm glad you, anyway, I'm,