 Today we are making instant vanilla pudding mix. All right, we've made our instant chocolate pudding mix. You can check the card out right there. This one is an instant vanilla pudding mix. Now I love this because I can use it in whatever I need that calls for an instant pudding and I made my own. And also it's reusing something which you might have already bought some of. And that is the clear gel. This is the instant clear gel. It takes no cooking. It really is just a modified cornstarch. That's all it is. Modified cornstarch. Nothing else. So this is so simple to use. It does take a little bit of time to mix up simply because there's a lot of dust. And I mean a lot of dust you'll see. So I have two cups of my clear gel, a pinch of sea salt and two cups of sugar. And I'm using raw sugar of course because I always use raw sugar. You can use whatever sugar you like. We're going to mix this up. I let mine go for about a minute. Everything is thoroughly mixed but not the important part. Let this sit for about five minutes because you can see there's lots of dust in there. Let the dust settle. Then we'll come back and we'll come to the next part which is just the finishing part. One of the things I always say when I'm in the kitchen is the kitchen needs to be set up for the cookies in the kitchen. That's something to really remember. Make sure that your working space works for you. If not you're going to be tripping over things and not knowing where stuff is and that's important. All right we've let our mix sit for five minutes. It's still pretty powdery. I'm going to warn you. Very gently and carefully pour this into a container. You can use any kind of container and you can see there is powder everywhere. Let the powder clear some. Put the lid on it. Then let this sit for a little while before you use it. Be thinking all the time. What do I use the most? Where should it be? Where can I just grab it and go? That'll make your life so much easier. After letting the pudding sit for a little while, I'm going to take a cup and a half of pudding. What? You'll be better at measuring less than I am. Then I'm going to add two cups of milk and I'm using cashew milk. You can use whatever kind of milk and two tablespoons of vanilla. Now the fun part. Just whisk it. This does take a while but let it but just whisk it and it will thicken up. Once you've whisked it and I did go to a blender to just make it go a little faster. You have a super thick super good pudding. Let's give this a taste. That tastes just like store bought instant pudding. It is really really good. In fact, I think it tastes better. The cool thing about this is you can always add more milk to thin it down. Add more powder to thicken it up. It's up to you. What it works out to be is about a cup of powder equals one packet of instant pudding. Simple enough. In no time you'll be having your own instant pudding and you can make it yourself using a few of your simple ingredients which you might have on hand and if not you can get them easily. Remember to subscribe. You can hit the icon down there. Every Monday through Friday I do a different video. On Monday it's always for the at home. On Tuesday it's a recipe. On Wednesday it's tips for running your house. On Thursday it's a cocktail and on Friday you'll wake up in the morning with a recipe for a sweet treat. Remember to like and share this on social media. Let other people know about it because I bet there's some recipes that you might be able to get them to make for you. Running your house doesn't have to be a full-time job. Turn it into a hobby and have some fun.