 Hi, tubers. Today we're going to be repairing a ceiling that has been affected by heat and moisture and so it's peeling. And yes, this is in the bathroom. But we've had a few requests from viewers to do repair of this nature. So let's get into our demo. So here you can see the ceiling damage in this bathroom. And we have a light there. It's controlled by a separate switch. And then we have the extractor fan. But you can see that even with this equipment installed, that we have damage to the ceiling. You have peeling. You see that? Yeah, there we go. So you can see we have damage to the paint. Right in the middle of the ceiling. I can see that it's pretty extensive. Now I should add. Before we shot this video, we cleaned up the area. There was mold or mildew on the surface of the ceiling. So I'll explain how we do that. And you encounter a project like this. Not only will you see the paint cracked and peeling as I've shown you. But you'll also find mildew spots or mold spots. And hopefully it's not too extensive by the time you get there. And in that case, what we want to do before we do any scraping or scratching of the paint area is to clean it with a bleep solution. So 25% bleep, 75% water. And then use a stiff scrubbing brush. I use the vinyl scrubbing brush. But as long as it removes the mildew from the surface, it's quite a sloppy job. So make sure you have drop sheets down. And you remove any currents or towels or anything that might be affected by bleep. And then you're ready to start dealing with the paint problem itself. So let's get into the demonstration how I would do that. So we have our drop sheets in place. Everything has been removed because we washed down the mildew. I just wanted to demonstrate how I would do an initial scraping of this paint. So I'll just take one and a half inch, two inch putty knife and start scraping away at the area. I'll just demonstrate how we do it. We want to knock off this loose like that and we'll just go down on top of drop sheet. And whenever we don't get in the drop sheet, we'll have to vacuum up later. What we want to do is try to chip away at that edge of that area. We just cleaned up. And if it's loose, we want to keep knocking that away because it could potentially separate again in which case we'll be revisiting this project in a short while. And if we're a professional doing this work for someone else, you don't want to do that. And if you're a DIYer, I'm sure you don't want to spend your weekend repainting your bathroom sailing. So you just chip away and you make sure that you get all the loose. See that extra little bit of extra came off of there. And just hit all the little cracks where the moisture has affected the paint. Make sure you get pick away at that exposed edge because if you don't, it will just release at a later time. And we'll be doing this again as I said. So wherever it has started to come up, make sure you make sure you pick at that. So you just keep doing that. Put your entire area up so that it's spreading a little bit there. Don't be afraid to don't want to dig into the drywall surface necessarily. Make sure the edge of the paint is secure. If it keeps chipping away like that, you have to keep going. So you just work the entire surface like that until it's done. I'll show you what we're doing at. Just take a wider potty knife and some spackle. Because this area isn't too big, we're just going to go ahead and spackle that whole area in with all these little smaller blemishes. We're screwed it away. Just fill it in. We don't need to use drywall mud. We're not trying to fill in joins or anything of that nature. We just want to try to create a smooth finish for our repaint. We may have to give this a couple of coats, but just apply it. Now take it back and make it smooth. Don't leave a lot of build up because that'll just mean that much more sanding. It's better to do two or even three coats of the spackle and build it up and scrape the worst of it off each time and to try and sand it all down. Now then you just do the same thing. Just continue going around and fill up all your blemishes. Now you can see that we spackled up all our rough areas. So the areas that we had to scrape away weren't that extensive, but they're all around. You'll notice that I had to do a few spots on the wall as well. We want to keep to the golden rule and that is that we want to leave a repaint better than when we find it. So there we have it. So these these peeled back areas are just in the vicinity of the shower and all around the fan there. And then what we can do as well, while we have the spackle, there's a look at other areas on the ceiling. And if we can improve it while we're here and by all means we want to go ahead and patch that up. Before we go any further, I have mentioned that the reason why this cracking and peeling has occurred has to do with temperature change. And that is part of the equation. But the other thing that we've discovered is that this ceiling has also been painted with an oil paint and an oil semi-gloss paint at that. And so we never want to do this because the oil paint cannot breathe. The moisture that settles on it has nowhere to go but sit on the surface. And if your fan can't extract that moisture through the air quick enough, mildew or mold will sit in. Now when you paint your ceiling with latex paint, it has a chance to breathe. And even though the moisture may sit there for a while, it's not as conducive to mold being able to adhere to the paint if you will. So remember in bathrooms and kitchens, by all means, use a semi-gloss using an amulet to make sure it's latex and not oil. Hey you'll recall that the ceiling was all peeled and cracked and now you can see that we've done our repairs. And ceiling looks nice and smooth again. Hope you found that video interesting. Every once in a while we're going to come across a project that's been painted with oil and it's going to be cracked and flaking. Or it's going to be a combination of that plus the hot and cold is taking its toll on the paint finish. And so this is how we want to deal with it. We don't want to be afraid of it. Until next time, if you have any questions or comments feel free to leave them on my channel. And by all means subscribe. We'll see you next time. It's been Craig and the Skolker Painter. Help me take the paint out of paint.