 chances are if you're here you may at least have one of these. What is this? It's a Sega Dreamcast. That's right, it's Sega's last year game console. At least back at the end of the late 90s. Like many things in the 90s, we live back in it. This one included. It's very beige. Bage rage. Look. White on the inside. The beige on the outside. So this is a problem in fact that affects many different white plastics that have aged over time. Not just the Dreamcast. Solution may in fact fix more than just the Dreamcast problem. So what we're going to do, we're going to make this as cheap and easy as simple to follow as possible. Here's what you need. Nice clean work surface. What are you going to clean? This case, Sega Dreamcast. Oh, there's a billion players. Look, it's a cross-head screwdriver set. A paintbrush. Rub a glass. Reciproble freezer bags. I did you looking for medium sized. Now the secret saw. Salmon cream hydrogen peroxide. 40% mix. Cost of bargain of £1.95. Now show you how to get it. Right, so average cost of all this is £5.89 UK. I better mind something as a multi-factor stuff. So more than likely you already have this. So how do you get started? OK, so first of all you need to take your modem off. So you need to get inside your Sega Dreamcast. Let's pull this baby to bits. So standard Phillips screwdriver stuff on the outside. Inside next to the fan though is a smaller Phillips screw head. Soops. But also this is a great opportunity to get inside. Get this circuit board on. Also clean those connectors. So if you're Dreamcast, you should reset it. And set the saw that problem at the same time. OK, so what you want left is you two shells really. It's hoppin' you bottom. And then we're going to get inside. Let's apply the solution. So this is what your freezer bag is for, really. As you see it, perfectly fixed. Bottom shell. Not so top shell. Two of these are tools. And here we are. Lotus hair excess was cream peroxide. Don't bother too much about the brown. This is an industrial brown. So you won't be able to buy a Daniela Kalaster. But you will be able to buy it held on. Industrial sites. This is already pre-mixed. 40% volume cream peroxide. If those are who have ever used retro-vriable attempted to make it, it's a bit of a sticky mess really. These are lots of different stuff. This is already mixed into a cream. This is already ready now. I think attempting to buy this actually from my local barber shop and I saw it literally on his side. And I was like, oh, that's exactly the stuff I'm off to. And literally looks like shampoo. This is the stuff basically dying his hair and so on. So this is pre-mixed. It's ready mate. And the industry already provides it to hairdressers and barbers. 1.95 pound. And it's huge. As you can see, it looks a lot like shampoo. I'll give you the links and details below. Just a second. So get your paintbrush wet. And there, prepare to get your inside of your drink out. Now I literally started slapping this on. This is the first time I've actually opened the drink out. So this particular one anyway. That's just the case of getting them there again clean. Make sure you get every single looking cranny. Absolutely soaking wet. So what's really happened is over time, this comes also done yellow, particularly white stuff. It's got yellow. It's good to borrow me off from coming to the surface. This isn't by any means a perfect fix. But actually, this is better than there. And it's absolutely ugly going to get. When you see the results in the bit, you are going to be very surprised. So you just want to encase it. And then you can see the proof bag. Do that close to the top shelf. Do you think it's seal? And making sure you don't get any of the stuff on your hand. This stuff is really, really irritable. I've got such a thing in my fingertips. When I, I know we're later, and it took a little while just to wash it off. So yeah, make sure you use the rubber gloves. Make sure you get everything in your running on your bottom shelf as well. This way it gives you a nice even covering. Get in there your fans. Okay, so you're literally able to see what I'm ready to go. So now what do you need? Well, it's actually quite simple. You need what is fortunately in the UK. We don't have an abundance of sunlights. It's a bit of luxury here in the UK. It's a little bit overcast, so that's all that picture. However, actually it did prove to be quite useful. At least we left one on the window, something in my kitchen for a couple of days. Results time. Now this is exactly how it turned out. So this is me giving them a good unwrap. It's like Christmas coming all over again. Yeah, so it's a bit less fluffiness. They're all that's a product stuff down there. So make sure you give it a wipe. Yeah, this is actually where my hands got a little bit irritated. Yeah. Shouldn't do this. That way you're using a rubber glove at that point as well. And you can see the difference. This is the other one I have. Oh, yellow, bromidey. And it's all a bit beige. Now compare this to the one that's just had the treatment of this. Absolutely perfect. White. It's nice, crisp. And it's original gory. Let's just give it a nice big close up as well. So you're from the front. Let's look at the difference. The difference is utterly apparent. That literally is right back to a reentail mint color of white. The Sega is really clear. Now you remember the modem? I deliberately didn't wipe the modem. I wanted to see the comparison between the two different colors. And as you can see, it's quite striking. That yellow beige against the clean white. So my next step really is to do it also nice. And my first other drink test. I've said to my Sega arcade stick as well. I'm going to use the same color as the one I used to use. I'm going to use the same color as the one I used to use. I'm going to use the same color as the one I used to use. I'm going to use the same color as the one I used to use. I'm going to use the same color as the one I used to use. I'm going to use the same color as the one I used to use. I'm going to use the same color as the one I used to use. I'm going to use the same color as the one I used to use. I'm going to use the same color as the one I used to use. I'm going to use the same color as the one I used to use. I'm going to use the same color as the one I used to use. I'm going to use the same color as the one I used to use.