 Welcome to Mama Lula's Kitchen once again. Today we're going to make a red chicken pozzole. This recipe is absolutely delicious. Let me show you the ingredients. This is all of the ingredients that we're going to need for the pozzole. Right here we have two chicken breasts, bone-in, and we also have three pounds of chicken drumettes. And the chicken drumettes is so that our broth has a rich flavor. And right here we have six pounds of pre-cooked harmony and what I'm going to do is I'm going to remove the ends from each individual one. It has this little brown ends right here. You don't have to do that. You can skip that step but it just looks nice, you know, when you remove it. This is what I'm using to add to our chicken while it's cooking, which is one and a half tablespoons of granulated salt, one half onion, and a garlic head. Right here I have five liters of water that has been warm already. So I'm going to go ahead and add our chicken. We're going to cook this for approximately 20 minutes in medium-high. So right here I'm going to go ahead and add the onion, the garlic head, and one and a half tablespoons of salt. We cover and we're going to let it cook for approximately 20 minutes in medium-high. And to make the sauce for our broth I have 10 California peppers and eight garlic cloves. Now we're going to devein our peppers so what we're going to do we're going to cut the ends right here. We cut the middle. We open this and just remove the seeds and the veins. It's very easy to do this. And do the same thing with all of your peppers. After you devein the peppers we're going to go ahead and rinse them. After you have rinsed your peppers we're going to go ahead and soak them here in hot water until they're soft. We're going to go ahead and cover it and let it simmer on medium low for approximately 10 minutes. The peppers have been simmering for approximately 10 minutes here. So it's time to remove them if you can see they're already nice and soft here. Okay so now it's time to blend our peppers. Two cups of water and our garlic. I'm going to go ahead and cover. We're going to blend. Now we're going to go ahead and strain the salsa. This is what we get rid of and this is what we're going to add to our fosalia right now. The chicken has been cooking for approximately 30 minutes so now we're going to go ahead and add the salsa. We're also going to add the hominy. We're going to verify the salt and see if it's to your liking. I think it needs more salt so I'm going to go ahead and add more. I'm going to add one more tablespoon of salt and we're going to go ahead and cover it and let it cook for an additional 20 minutes and medium high. The fosalia has been cooking for approximately an hour. The chicken is completely cooked. How many looks really good? So this is ready to serve. We're also going to make a very spicy sauce for our fosolet. Right here I have two cups of dry Thai peppers, three tablespoons of apple cider vinegar, one teaspoon of oregano, two bay leaves, five cloves and three peppers, six garlic cloves, one tablespoon of salt. To make our spicy sauce, we're going to go ahead and simmer our peppers for approximately 10 minutes. Well our hot peppers are simmering. We're going to go ahead and grind these peppers in the clove. The oregano. The bay leaves. The garlic cloves. And the salt. Okay our spicy peppers have been simmering for approximately 10 to 15 minutes. Now it's time to make the salsa. I'm going to go ahead and add our peppers and the paste that I grained on the mocha. With a cup and a half of the same water that we used to simmer the peppers. We're going to add our three tablespoons of vinegar. We're going to cover and blend. Okay our salsa is done. We go ahead and transfer it to a mushroom cup. And here it is. Very spicy salsa. This is our toppings for the posole. We have onions, limes, radish, cabbage, our spicy salsa, serrano peppers for those who want it more spicy and the tortilla shelves. Okay now it's time to fix our plate. We're going to go ahead and put a little bit of our cabbage. Some reddish-s, onion and some salsa. All right, it's done. You've got your salad. It is done.