 Hi, in this video I'll show you how I built my aerate siren. So what inspired me to try to build a siren is when I was experimenting with building the blur from a dust collector. It hauled a lot like a siren already so why not try to build a fan that's designed to make maximum noise instead of minimal noise. I needed a way to cut the hub all concentric with a shaft and I figured out a dangerous way to do that on the tablesaw. It worked out okay. The hub fits exactly into a whole size of my largest forced nerve bit. I used a large nail as a key to lock the hub onto the shaft. Here's gluing up the first layer of the rotor. Now it's fitting up that rotor so I can have work. So I could never find the part that flew off of here so I made a new one and glued it back on and I flattened all these down a little bit so now they're only about three quarters of thick so hopefully they'll make less wind. Next I'm going to glue on the next ring on here. I'm using my table saw to trim what I've got so far perfectly round. I made a piece of plywood the shape of one of the winglets and I just need to mark that ten times to cut all the pieces that I need. Now I need to put these winglets on here and I need to space ten and it was out evenly. The problem is I should have done that layout before I cut the hole out from the middle because this is much more difficult now. I don't even have the center. So I just measured up there is exactly 95 centimeters around the circumference of this thing here. So I'm just going to attach the tape measure here and because I need to divide that circle into ten pieces I know that every 9.5 centimeters I can put a mark on there. So the first one is at 9.5 and next one is 19. So let's mark that one and then let's mark 19. Now I just push equal and the calculator gets me to 28.5. I could do this in my head but it probably makes a mistake. So with the two layers of wings on this rotor now it's quite heavy so balancing it is really important. I've got a marble jammed in where the shaft is going to go and balancing that. Let's see it's obviously heavy on this side. So if I put a piece of wood on here that looks like it just about balances it which means the amount of wood that I need to cut off from this side is exactly about as much as it is here. So let me mark here is where I'm going to have to drill out stuff. So I ended up drilling a whole bunch of holes along here and it looks like it's pretty balanced now. It needs to be because it's going to spin really fast. So this rotor fits on the shaft a bit loose so I made a shim out of a pop can to line my hole with. Let's see if I can get that on there. It's always difficult to figure out if this is going to fit ahead of time. Let's see if it's going out. So I had a bit of excess shimmed and I'm smashing with a mallet and I put a v-nosh in the wood and I'm going to put this nail in here. That will act as a key weight. It's in the key weight of the shaft and in the v-nosh so that prevents the shaft from spinning inside. So for this test I put the rotor on the floor already just in case it falls off again and I'm going to be at a safe distance because I don't know what's going to happen when I power it up. Okay, here we go. I had not anticipated that thing wandering the way it does. Let's try that again. And we're at 1100 watts so it's a bit much for the motor. Going to siren and up being a lot of work on the scroll software cutting all these inside holes. Here's cutting the hole in the front plate that's going to be my stator. I've got the first layer of my stator complete and the way this works, imagine this was the rotor and it's got these little veins on it so let's just put down two of these to give you an idea and it rotates. And just like a blower centrifugal force makes the air want to come out. And so as long as they don't have these things on the outside the air just rushes out. But if I do then when it's like this the air can come out and then it can't and then it can again and it can't and because I have the same number of these little winglets in here as I have gaps on the enclosure here that will cause pulsating air to come out all of these which should give it a very loud note. So here's my six gaps and these line up with the gaps behind here. Now the risk with this thing as it is just clamped together is if the rotor is stator it will probably self-destruct so I won't run up to full speed. Now in the actual siren rotor I've got two layers here and this one has ten or is this one only has six so both of these together will produce two different pitches so I have to put another layer on the stator to have ten of these to correspond with the second layer. Here's gluing the next layer. Just try it with the second layer of the stator. That should add higher pitch note to it and again I'm just clamping this on temporarily hopefully nothing is going to self-destruct. Alright second test. Oh siren like already. So it should get a lot louder once I spin up to full speed but just with clamps like that I'm too afraid it's going to wreck itself. I got the motor mode on a 2x8 and I've got these two brackets for holding this part here and that's the outer ring and I have to make that so it lines up so that's in the middle so I'm going to stick some spacers in here. It should be bringing it further to the middle. This should be the right thickness. Move it in the other one. That looks now like it is in the middle so I'm just going to put a time being like that front face on here making sure it's level. Let's pull these spacers out and that looks like it's got an even gap all around and it doesn't hit. So I'm pretty happy with that alignment so I'm just going to freehand put some drywall spurs in here. This is all very freehand. Oh my, I'm kind of afraid to plug in but here we go. This is all very freehand. Oh my, I'm kind of afraid to plug in but here we go. It works. It works.