 Hello, welcome to learnjoucook.com. I'm Chef Mark and today we're preparing red lentils. So now we're ready to cook our red lentils. We're going to add some clarified butter or ghee, which is known in many circles as butter that has been cooked and the butter solid sink to the bottom and the butter oil is on top because the little higher smoke point it won't scorch. I'm going to add some onions to tablespoon of onions, let that cook and two tablespoons, one, two, of diced celery. And that sizzling very nicely when I get a little caramelization. I got a quarter teaspoon of ginger and garlic each in there. I put those in last and then on the store. Let's lower the heat down a little bit. So those are my aromatics. I'm going to put in at this point now my one cup of red lentils. Actually in orange color, they kind of lose some of that beautiful orange color as they cook. They become a little lighter. But these red lentils are dull, D-A-H-L, very popular, very healthy. You don't need to use butter, you can just use a little oil if you like. Classic isgi or calafide butter. So that's heating very nicely. I'm going to add about a half teaspoon, sorry, quarter teaspoon of beautiful freshly ground cumin, and then some black pepper for heat, two pinches and two pinches of some lancel. It happens to be pink salt, humalayan salt, mix that up, and then with red lentils, the ratio is two parts, stock, two one part lentil. Because unlike brown lentils, these lentils, they are cooked and served as a brown lentil, we cook and drain. So let's add our two cups of beautiful vegetable stock, to be chicken stock, whatever your choice is, to be water. You can use oil if you prefer, that's what it comes to a boil. And we will check it in about 20 minutes. I'm going to let that come to a boil. I'm going to put it cover on it and let it simmer until done about 18-20 minutes. So our lentils, as you can see, our steamy hot cooked all the way through, lost some of that orange luster, but it smells spectacular from the Camino garlic and ginger. I'm going to add two tablespoons of sauteed mushrooms, and a tablespoon of chopped cilantro. Give that a stir, in our red lentils, and then I'm now going to serve that in a nice heated dish. And the final garnish will be just a quarter teaspoon, or so a sembell olec, that hot pepper. Well, that's really nice. Hot chili pepper, and then another sprinkle of fresh cilantro on top. So there are your beautiful red lentils.