 Now Christmas dinner wouldn't be Christmas dinner with that lovely braised red cabbage on the table and this one has got a really delicate spice into it and it fills the kitchen with this wonderful aroma as it's cooking. Let's get started. To a large pan, we've got some butter, a large onion that's been thinly sliced in that goes and while that's just gently softening, I'm going to slice the cabbage. I like to do it by a quarter so I've got a very large knife. If you just go that way into quarters and then just slice it. Now here's the core in this bit, I'm just going to knit that out, get rid of that, same here and then slice across. And then it's time for our apple. Now I've got a bramley apple which is one of my favourites and the thing that's good about a bram is as it cooks down it sort of goes all lovely and pulpy during cooking so it adds a really brilliant contrast to the texture of the cabbage and then quarter it, knit out the core and then coursely grate it. So let's have a look at these onions and they're starting to go nice and tender. So I'm going to add in our spices, some ground all spice, I need half a teaspoon of that, I've got some nutmeg, you need about a quarter of a teaspoon, I'm just going to grate mine straight into the pan, that will do. Give that a stir and just cook it for a few moments and now it's really starting to smell like Christmas in here. Okay cabbage and the grated apple, some light mascarpone sugar, some red wine vinegar and finally some water. Give it all a really good stir and then pop the lid on and it needs about an hour of gentle cooking just so it gets really nice and tender. After an hour the cabbage is tender and there's one final thing to do and that's add some recurrent jelly. Now recurrent jelly is one of my favourite ingredients. A couple of tablespoons in there, we'll just coat the cabbage and introduce a little bit of thickness to any sauce that's remaining. Spoon it in, pop it on the table and let everybody help themselves and it just smells fantastic and this cabbage is really beautifully tender. It is my braised red cabbage with apple.