 Hello guys, Karen Miller here. One more time. Guess what? I've gone a natural oil crazy. I'm cooking now with a natural oil because I found out aside from being an antidote to cyanide poisoning, a natural is good for digestion. It strengthens the bones. It has folic acid in it so it prevents this good defect, the neural tube defect and it has is good for fever and it's good for your eyes and it's good for headaches. I mean I couldn't believe it. I was shocked. It's good for nausea and respiratory distress. So when I discovered this, I decided that I was going to just use a lot of a natural in my cooking. Aside from this beautiful, beautiful color for your curries, this is just great. It has great health benefits. So today I'm going to do another soup. It's so cold. I've done this soup many many times and it's one of my favorite soup. It's a green soup. It's a dandelion soup, mainly dandelion. But of course I have some mushrooms here and some onions. So one large onion, one large onion, not onions. And eight ounce bucks I have of mushrooms here. I have quite a bit of oil because we're going to be putting a lot of water in this. I have about a half a cup of oil. I know it sounds like a lot but it's not. And of course I warmed up the anatoes in the oil and then put it in the pan. And this is now salt in. I also, what else did I put in here? I need to put some salt. I didn't put salt here yet. I saw the taste. I'm going to put in about two or three dashes of cayenne because we need the heat. It's so cold. It's so freezing. I don't know when we're going to get a break from this cold. I really don't. So you know people in this neck of the world, they like soups. But when I was growing up in the Caribbean, we ate soups all the time. So it's a good thing. It doesn't have to feel cold to have soup because it's economical. It's a one-part deal and it's quick. So I'm going to let this for days or more and then we're going to put our greens and we're going to move on with this. So I am back. I wanted to show you this brown stuff here. You see I wanted my mushrooms to brown because this is where you're going to get flavor. Flavor flavor. This is your only flavor here. Right? No meat. So the mushrooms is like the number one thing for flavor. Umami. So this brown stuff here. So now I'm going to throw in two dried chili peppers. This is not really. This is not hot. I swear it's not hot at all. I could put the whole bag in there and it's still not going to be hot for me. I'm going to throw in some time. All right. I'm going to write the recipes going to be on my website, on the recipes. I also put some shallots in here actually. I'm going to add some tomato paste. Right about one to two tablespoons of tomato paste. And the greens I'm going to use. I'm not just going to use the underlying. I'm going to use some watercress that I had in the refrigerator. It's been sitting there and I forgot about it and it's getting kind of raggedy. So I'm just going to throw it in there because it's a soup. Right? I mean this is a thing. Just go to your refrigerator, see what you have in there and just throw it in the pot. All right. And you season it up. So now I'm going to put in my dandelion greens which I chopped up. It's a bunch. Just a little bit of dandelion. And then we're also going to put in some watercress. I'm also going to salt this a little bit. And then I'm going to chop up my watercress and get back to you with the watercress. Okay guys. So this is my raggedy looking watercress. Some of the leaves started to get yellow. You know how it is. But it looks pretty good. Perfect for soup. There is something called watercress soup. So you know, I don't know. I like to mix and match so we have a watercress and then the last thing I want to put in there is some romaine lettuce. I want to put in some romaine lettuce in here as well. And then I'm going to add my water and you know. So dandelion is such a good thing to eat. Like every day you should drink the tea. It's such a great thing but they have demonized dandelion and call it a weed. I mean, dandelion is the thing that's going to save humanity. Let me tell you right now. It's very good for the liver, very, very good and for your stomach and for the skin. Very good for the skin. I drink dandelion tea all the time during the day when I'm fasting during the day. This is what I drink a lot of dandelion. It grows all over the street. It's free of charge. So you know, don't let me tell you that dandelion is for you to spray with the roundup now. Because you know, we're going to be in a hell of a lot of trouble. And we might have to get the dandelion, go get the dandelion from the sidewalk. Or I'm not going to be eating dandelions from the sidewalk in New York City. That's for sure. Anyway, now I'm going to add my water because we're making a soup. Right? I'm going to clean this spoon out. Fill this up. Fill this up. And I'm going to let this simmer for about 45 minutes to an hour because I want my dandelion to get really, really soft. And then I'm going to add some dumplings to that. Okay, guys, so this would be so, so good for this weather. And I want to do also is to add some ginger to this. So when I get back, I'm going to add some ginger to this. Okay, I'm going to add my romaine lettuce. And these are the hearts because you see it's not that green. When you buy romaine lettuce, try to buy the whole lettuce so you get that really green part, especially if you're doing something like the soup. And I also added some, another habanero here. But this one is not too hot. It's a green one. It's not very hot. So this is bubbling away. I have all of my greens in here. My dandelion, my romaine lettuce, my watercress. I'm going to add some more water. I need the water to come up almost all the way to the pot. To the top of the pot. You see this is good. Like right around here. So I'm going to cover my pot and let this simmer for 45 minutes. And then I'm going to make my dumplings. So before I do that, let me add my ginger. I'm going to add some ginger in this. Just some slivers of ginger. See like this. So you try to chop it thin and you put it in there. Not great. Have it like that. You can do it great if you want, but this is better. So when this has simmered for 45 minutes, I'm going to get back to you. So guys, my soup has been simmering for over an hour. This is the scoops from the time that I'm removing. I also added some bay leaf into this. I'm frying some samosas here, some homemade samosas. I'm going to show you guys how to do that in a couple of weeks. I'm removing the chili. And I'm looking for... I have some more time here. You just remove the stalks. I cannot find my habanero, but anyway, I made some dumplings. You see? This is one of my long ones. I made some long ones. I made some round ones. In the interest of time, I did not show you how to do this, but you can go to my video where I made the Kalung Soup. And I showed you how to do the dumplings. This is one of the round dumplings. So I'm going to have this with some... ...stuffed samosas. But samosas are stuffed, right? But I stuffed it with something special. I'm not sure you wanted these days very soon. So that's it, guys. I mean, you see the dumplings and the mushroom and the dandelion is really soft and delicious. Okay. Do this soup. I'm going to come back and I'm going to plate this and show you my samosa. Okay, guys. I dished out my soup. This is what I'm going to have. It's steaming hot. I'm not going to taste this right now. It is steaming steaming hot. I'm going to have one of the round dumplings, one of the long ones. And this is my samosa. This is my samosa that I'm going to show you guys how to do very soon. I stuffed it with something special. I'm going to have this with my soup for dinner. I'm super, super hungry. I haven't eaten all day long except for my lemon and lime water and some tea. So I'm looking forward to this. All right. So do this, guys. You know, this looks a lot like kawalusu but it isn't. I mean, it's dandelion and it's good for you. It's going to flush out your liver and you need to eat a lot of this for the new year to start the new year right and to do a cleanse and to start taking care of yourself. All right. Thank you so much for your viewership, for your wonderful comments. Love you guys. Take care.