 Hey everyone, welcome to my channel, super style tips, your school will and my today's video is going to be slightly different than what I've been posting so far on my channel. My today's video is going to be all about the sponsor BB cream which is the most talk and most excellent and the most best, most fantastic BB cream available in the market. So yes this is how it looks like, I'm so sorry I can't tell you my address is focused. So yes this is what it looks like. It comes in a white silver and pink cardboard packaging and you get this sleek tube inside it and it's just excellent for dark. It is very handy and travel friendly. This one's for 150 rupees for 18 ml of product however you get 3 sizes available in the market. So this BB cream you can choose as per your convenience. It does wonders in terms of concealing your dark circles, hiding your blemishes and everything which a beauty benefit or beauty balm or blemish balm cream should do. So yes this one really does its job right there but the only thing that we a lot of people have to suffer is like they can't find proper match and people with extremely dry skin type and people with extremely oily skin type they are like really having struggle while using this cream. In this video we are going to figure out what are the three hacks that you can opt in terms of making this BB cream so it's your skin type so so well. Let's figure it out. My first hack is for people with dry skin type or extremely dry skin type. See I have dry skin and what my experience is with this cream type consistency. So it really gets patchy and it could get cakey on your skin. It doesn't give you that smooth finish if you do not apply a moisturizer or if you do not follow like you most in your skin. So what I basically do is I either apply a Nevea which is my personal favorite this moisturizer the Nevea basic cream. You can even apply this aloe vera gel this one does wonders to your skin. You can either apply a very light lotion like this. You can apply this luck with each milk one with the SPF as well or you can either apply this Calamine lotion which can be used as a primer beneath the PB cream. So the idea of applying lotion or moisturizer before applying this BB cream is basically that since you already have dry skin and this PB cream it does dries out your skin even more. So before if you have applied the moisturizer it is really going to nourish your skin, moisturize your skin and moisturize your skin. So that once you apply the BB cream it really gets blended evenly on your skin and keeps your skin hydrated. My second hack is for people with extremely oily skin type or even oily skin type as you guys already have so much of oil on your face or probably on your T-zone area. What you guys can do is to avoid that much of oily finish from your face and then you can apply this BB cream on your face. It will help you to avoid that oily finish on your face for good or fight to 6 hours. And second step what you can do is you can set your BB cream using a compact powder. You can use any loose powder or compact powder to set it completely and to really ensure that you have no longer oily face entirely. So my third hack is for people with extremely sensitive skin as they find this consistency to be slightly thicker as compared to the medium one. So what you guys can do is in order to achieve that runny, slightly runny consistency. What you can do is you can take two drops of moisturizer on back of your hand and then take the desired quantity of the BB cream, mix these things well and then apply it on your face. And basically what you have to do is you don't have to drag your face as it has really sheer coverage. Shear to medium coverage so once you drag the product it really comes off your, comes on your fingers and it doesn't stay on your face. So what you have to do is instead of dragging your face you have to pat it on your face so that it really seats into your skin. Pretty much it guys, I hear I finished with my video. Let me know by the if you really like this video. If you did then please give this video a big far thumbs up and subscribe to my channel if you haven't already. I will see you with my new video till then I take care. Bye.