 Alright, we have a clogged garbage disposal here. This is the second time this has happened to me. First time I was able to unplug it using a plunger here, but this time it's not working so I think we're clogged and I'm going to attempt at fixing it. So, removed everything from underneath the sink and set some towels down to catch any dripage and or leaks when we undo this pipe. But before we get started I'm going to first thing I'm going to do is unplug the garbage disposal. We don't want to mix water and electricity obviously so I'm going to plug that and then I'm going to take a bucket and I'm going to set it right underneath the disposal. In my setup here I don't have a really good way of actually getting a bucket under all of the pipes so what I'm going to try to do here is loosen this part here so that the water drips down I can hopefully capture it right here in the bucket. So let's give that a try and see how that goes but you can see there's been some pasta here that kind of clogged up the grain so we're going to get that all freed. So to get this started I'm just going to use a regular flat head screwdriver and we're going to loosen the two screws. There's one on the right and one on the left side. You saw all the water that's currently up in the sink above so it's going to be quite a bit of water that escapes once that loosens up. So again make sure you're prepared have your towels down and the bucket at the ready to catch that. The idea here is to loosen this up just enough so that you can gradually pull it away and just let the water slowly escape out and drip down into the bucket and slowly leach out so you don't have one massive gush of water that does get all over the bottom of your sink. So try to avoid that as much as possible. Alright so let's start loosening up these screws. Okay so to access the screw on the left you're really going to have to get down into the sink and get your screwdriver on it so you can see what you're doing. So work the left one first and then the right one it'll be a lot easier to work it that way because then you'll have more control from outside of the sink when you're working the right screw to gradually loosen that pipe. Alright so here we go. So far pretty easy to loosen that up. Too bad. It may not be a bad idea to wear some protective eye wear when you're in here just in case there is a gush of water you don't want that stuff getting in your eye. Alright so it's loose enough I could go ahead and worth the rest of it with my hand and there it's come loose so let's go ahead and start working on the right screw. Alright so this is a much more comfortable position and I'll start to loosen that up and you can see the screw turns with relative ease and I'm just going to gradually slowly let this screw go and I'll work the rest of it with my hand. Okay so far so good. Okay now I'm going to remove the screw and I'm going to set that aside. Alright now I make sure my bucket's in place again. Okay I'm going to take that and pull that back. Alright now you can see here I'm already starting to get some dirtage from the pipe so it's getting some air and it's starting to release some of that water so let's see what we can do here with this now. There we go see I'm just going to pull it just a little bit and I'm going to let it just drain down the side of the disposal. Again before you do this please make sure that you unplug the garbage disposal. So I'm going to go ahead and let that gradually drain out down into the bucket. Trying to make as much less of a mess as possible. Let that come out. Okay so I pulled that out and I'm letting it kind of gradually leach out. Another thing here is I've got my plunger still in the sink and that's helping control the flow of the water down through the garbage disposal so I'm not getting any sudden rush and massive gush of water coming out. So again trying to control the flow of water as best I can so I can get as much of it into the bucket as possible and not in all over my sink. I'm sorry the base of my cabinet. So I'll let this completely drain out and then we'll be back and see what things look like. Alright so water kind of slowed down. I'm going to go ahead and pull it out a little bit more and start to let things come out a bit. I can almost already see some of the clogged pasta there maybe worse further down in it so I'm going to let that keep going down into this bucket here. You can see some of us hitting the pipe as well and hitting the towel but that's what that towel is there for. Alright so water has really slowed here because I still have my plunger in the sink clogging it up from the top so I'm just going to reach up and use my hand and I'm going to gently move the plunger to the side just slightly so that I can get that controlled flow of water down into my bucket. I'm just going to continue to do that until the sink is completely empty. You can see how full my bucket is getting now. Be slow and steady with it believe me it'll pay off in the end. It'll make a lot much less of a mess. Okay I think it's completely drained out now so I know I can safely remove the bucket and let the top towels just kind of catch these little drip drops here. So I'm going to remove this bucket empty this out outside and then we'll be back to clear the clog out of the pipe. Alright so at this point I'm going to love up and I'm just going to try to grab some stuff there whatever that was and we're going to remove it to pipe out. Toss that in our bucket and you can see alright when I shut that out I got some muck so that's all pasta. I know it's a little disgusting but you know hey you're going to be working your sink here too so I'm going to take this ring piece and I'm just going to toss it off to the side and there we go we've got our clog so let's go ahead and get that all cleared out. To make sure this is completely clear I used my hand and got out of the gunk out of there as best I could but to make sure that it's actually cleared out all the way down this stack I'm going to take my five scripts and I'm going to loosen this up. Remember lefty Lucy righty tidy I had kind of loosened it up a little bit off camera already so you might have to put your left hand on this bar and use it right hand as you loosen this up. I put a bucket under here just in case it leaks on me but go ahead and just turn the ring and loosen it up. Okay once has loosened up I didn't get any grip it so I'm just going to suck my bucket again to the side here. Move this back move that pipe a little bit out of the way and here I can see that there's still some stuff down in here so next up then it's going to go ahead and loosen that loosen this one up so we can get that off of there and clear that off. I was able to loosen this one up by hand so lift that up lift up your pipe and your bucket nearby and yep there's the rest of it so let's see there's the inside and we'll just shake that up there else for you the last mess and I'll just bring that up against the side of my bucket and clearing that out and we're mostly clear so I'll use my finger to push the rest of that down. Get that out of here and this is where the having the rubber gloves is handy. Okay we are mostly cleared out so set that up to the side on my towel over here and then I'm going to get down here and invisually inspect this pipe make sure that that's clear and then I'll give a look in here as well and make sure that that's relatively clear if there's a little bit of stuff in there that's all right when you turn your water on that'll flush down as long as the rest of your system is clear it'll be free to pass through and go where it's supposed to. Alright so we'll be back after I inspect this pipe and we'll see how things work. Alright so for me this was definitely clogged up it was filled all the way up throughout the whole piece here so I loosened it I was able to loosen this one by hand and again I just took my bucket and I just shook it all out into the bucket so I think we've got the problem cleared out I inspected this one here there's not a whole lot of anything in there so I'm just going to leave that be. Now I'm going to reverse the process I'm going to piece everything back together and then we'll plug it back in and we will give it a look make sure everything works there's no leaks and we'll be back in business in relatively short order. Okay everything's been reassembled I just reversed the order essentially from what I did before. One note is that a lot of this stuff is just hand tightened only I really didn't need the vice grips to begin with to loosen up any of these so use your hands and hand tighten as well do not over tighten this is plastic and over tightening can definitely cause issues and then cause leaks so I've plugged the garbage disposal back in. One other thing is that when I was attaching this piece here the only thing I didn't do in reverse is this the order in which I installed the screws I did the left screw first but I did leave it a little loose so that when I guided the pipe back on to the garbage disposal itself I was able to see through the gap of the ring and the pipe and the garbage disposal unit and make sure that it was aligned properly I then installed this screw tightened it up into place and then went and retitened the left side so just a you know little tidbit for something that worked for me so let's go ahead turn on the water we're gonna want to check for leaks make sure everything's good so turn on the water coming down and so far so good no more backup water sounds to be flowing through uninhibited and I'm not seeing any leaks so let's turn on the garbage disposal that sounds better all right problem solved so do yourself a favor do this for yourself don't pay for a plumber to come out and do this for you just takes a little bit of time low patience but willing this to get dirty and you'll be done in no time so I hope you liked the video please consider giving it a thumbs up if it helped you out leave some comments below if you have any questions and subscribe to my channel thank you for watching