 Hi everyone, welcome back to my channel. What I am going to show you today is really quickly how to repurpose your empty bathroom body works through what candle jars. This is something that, you know, I was throwing these away for a while and then realized that I could use these. And I found an idea on Facebook that someone else was doing. So I can't take credit for all of this. I actually looked on YouTube and found videos on how to clean out the three white candle jars and then I found an idea that someone posted on Facebook page on how to use them. So first I'm going to show you, like, talk to you quickly about emptying them and cleaning them. So this is one that I finished. What you'll see here, these are the, this is the leftover wax. With this particular candle, it stopped burning well at about this point here. You can kind of see the wax and then it kind of stopped burning very well around here. So what I did is I threw it in the freezer for probably about a day. I mean, you don't really need to have it in there for that long. I had it overnight. I think like at least a few hours and what you'll find is the wax will crack and it'll be very easy to use a butter knife and then just go around the edges on the inside and the wax will come right out. It's very easy as long as you leave it in the freezer for a while. And then before you work with the jar, you want to let it come back to room temperature so that you don't crack it if it's really cold and you happen to put anything warm against it. So you don't want to have it like take it. I don't, you know, I don't know. It's glass and maybe it'd be okay. But whenever I have anything in the freezer, I always then let it come back to room temperature before I do anything else with it anyhow. So that's what this looks like. You can probably tell there's a little bit of glue like right down in there. So now I'm going to show you how I clean it. Now the one and then there's a little bit of soot right here. These labels come off super easy. I will show you so you can pull this off just like that. So that I pull off. Now if I'm going to put this leftover wax in a bag so I can melt it, I will put this label on a bag. I am keeping this wax but I actually don't have any bags that are safe for putting wax in. So I have just been keeping this on a shelf like on a container sitting, I was actually keeping it in here but I'm going to just stick it in like a little dish or something and stick it up on my counter and try and use it in the next couple days. Many house so the sticker comes off. If you want, if you're going to put these in a bag, you can just stick that right on the bag so you have the scent. I'm just going to throw it away because I don't need it anymore. Then now this is my own idea. I use acetone nail polish remover because to clean a lot of stuff. It works beautifully removing any kind of sticky, gookie, whatever. I use it to remove nail polish because for me, I don't wear fake nails and for me, it takes nail polish off really fast versus like the non-acetone based kind. For me, it takes forever and it bugs me and it doesn't always get your nails clean very fast. This works super fast. So this is from Target. I think you pay like a dollar for this bottle. So this is what I do. I just get one of these little cotton rounds and it does come out fast. So you want to be careful. That's why I'm working on this mat right here so that doesn't get on my table. Then this, look at how quickly that takes off the sit. It'll take off the residue of the wax inside. If you can see all of that, look how it's coming off super quickly. But it takes off the wax. It takes off the glue from the wicks on the bottom and look how dirty it is from this. It's kind of nasty. So I do this and it doesn't require any scrubbing. I've seen other people who wash it with hot water and this way too, you don't have to about that glue or anything going down your sink. And if you do have the chunks of the glue stuck to the bottom of the jar, if you pour a little bit of acetone in the jar, I'm going to put that aside and get a fresh one. If you pour a little bit in the bottom of the jar and swish it around a bit, it'll kind of loosen it up and it'll come out pretty easily. And because this is straight acetone, it evaporates super fast. So if you get a lot, it does evaporate really fast. So I go around like this and I think it's pretty clean now. Can you see that? Very, very clean. That gets off everything. And then what I will do, because acetone is flammable, even though it evaporates really quickly, it is extremely flammable. So see right here, there's a warning. Extremely flammable. Get that to focus. Oh, it's not focusing. There we go. I wash this in soapy water, warm soapy water. You can also take this label off. I actually usually don't. If you're going to use this, I've seen people use these. They throw in waxed hearts and they stick it on their warmer and they use this as a melter. If you're going to do that, take off this label so it doesn't catch on fire. You can use the same process, just kind of peel the paper off first and then use the acetone nail polish remover to take it off the rest of the way. But anyhow, so I'm going to wash this before I put anything in it. But I'm going to show you what I put in it. And this, this next part of what I put in it is not my idea. This is from someone I saw on Facebook. Sorry, I have a little bit of glue on my finger. Okay. Put that there. This is perfect for storing your wax. Yay, this is a 12 pack of grubbies from Front Porch. And this fits exactly 12 grubbies, six on the bottom, six on the top. So this is when I haven't used yet. And what I do, and it holds because of the rubber lid, it holds the scent on really, like it holds the scent in really, really well. And if you want to put these like on a shelf or something, they look beautiful. So I have a couple jars like this, that of grubbies. And now what I'm going to do is wash this empty one. And I have another 12 pack that I am going to stick in there. But what I do is then I just peel this, the little label off right here. It actually comes off somewhat easily. It does get a little bit of the brown paper bag. But it sticks on there just enough that it'll peel off when you're done with this candle. You can pull it off. It comes off really easily. If you have any issues, you can also use the acetone again to remove any sticky residue. And then I use a sticker, and I actually put the day I receive my wax, and then when it's ready, if you don't have the poor day. This way, because then I don't have to, every time I look at my wax, I don't have to calculate in my head, oh, when is a week. So that's kind of what I do for some of them. Sometimes I just put the day I receive them, and then I don't worry about it because you can tell generally if it's a week or two after. But anyhow, this is a great way to store your grubbies, or any other wax that you get from a vendor, because there's lots of scallop tarts and everything. Just so far, I found that the 12 pack of grubbies that's perfectly in here. And so I have a few of these, and I think they look pretty as well, and they're really, they're great for holding the scent in. And what caused me to do this the first time is because these bags, they're great, but this plastic film here is so thin. One of the bags, when I got it, was ripped already. So I like to be able to put them in something else, and because I don't have any of the safe plastic bags, a glass jar was perfect. So I just wanted to share that idea with you guys. I just think it's a great way to store wax and to repurpose those three wet candle jars because I know lots of us burn those bathroom bodywork for you, candles, and those are great jars to reuse. So I hope you like this idea. If you have any comments, please post below, and don't forget to subscribe and like my videos. Thank you. Bye bye.