 Hey, this is Brent with Vintage Statements and today we're going to redo a nine-door dresser. First step, we're going to remove all the handles. We're going to stain the top, which means we have to stand this whole piece down real nice and then we'll paint the drawers. So follow as we take just these. Alright, since we're going to stain the top, we've got to stand this down really nice. Get the edges real clean. Get rid of this old stain, any poly that's on it, anything like that, so we can get a nice smooth coat. So we've got our sander out, and we're going to start sanding. Alright, first piece, we have a mirror that we're going to keep with it, so we need to disassemble it, take the back off, get the mirror out so we can paint the frame. So let's begin taking this thing apart. Alright, we have picked out a stain. It's no paint, gel stain, walnut color. We're going to stain the top and then we're going to start painting the base here. So first, let's put some stain on. Alright, we've stained the top. Now we're going to do a sea glass color on the base here. Dixie Bell paint, we're also going to use their brushes. I really like them so we're going to start using these more often. So we'll start with the big brush, any areas that we can't hit, we'll use the smart brush. So let's begin. Alright, we have the piece completely painted. It can't be really nice, I really like the look of it. So now what we're going to do is protect it with some clear cloth flat. Since the piece is already a flat color, we don't want any sheen to it, so we're just going to keep it a flat. We're just going to add it, put some hardware on it, and we'll have it under that tree pretty soon. So follow along. Alright guys, here it is, completed nine drawer dresser. We used all Dixie Bell products on this one. We used Dixie Bell Sea Glass paint, and they will not stain top. If you like this project, many of us are subscribed to our channel, like us on Facebook and Instagram. We're doing quite a bit of these projects, and you may find the project that's perfect for you guys.