 Hi everybody this is Larry of the Brainer Minnesota. What are we doing today? Well I'll tell you what we're doing today. We are going to can some pork, country style pork ribs. I got this stuff on sale and they comped it for a $1.97 and this is pork shoulder butt ribs which doesn't have hardly any bones at all and I got a bunch of this. Well I was thinking about can in this and we usually when I can beef regular beef I'll put a little better than bullion beef base in. Awesome stuff don't use that granular crap little cubes use better than bullion or another one where beef is the first ingredient. It's what chefs use. It's top of the line stuff. You can get it Walmart, you can get it. But I use chicken base or use beef base. I use beef base or my beef, my chicken from here. I'm going to can chicken breast which I'm going to do later today. But I'm going to do pork today. Well it's hard to find pork base. Unless you go online and order it and stuff. Maybe in some of your bigger cities you guys can get some pork base. I don't want a hand base. I want pork base. So my way comped a great idea last night. And the kids love chicken noodle soup but they don't want all the stuff and they just want the basically use a broth and stuff. So I thought this will serve two purposes. Ramen noodles pork flavor. And if you ever had this the pork flavor is pretty dang good. Well so what I'm going to do I open these up. I got it like 15 of them. They're like 19 cents a Walmart. They're cheap. I'll keep the noodles and save them. And when I do some chicken broth up with maybe a little one chicken breast and cut it up for the for the kids. The grandkids then I'll throw in the noodles. And man they just suck them noodles up in the broth. Until the noodles won't go to waste. And the little flavor packet in here. I dumped in here. So I'm going to put one of those flavor packets in each one. It should be good. Anyway I'm going to get them all packed up and I'll be back. This is Larry. Hey this is Larry I'm back. I was going to show you and I did one batch. I got one batch out. You're just going to see them bubbling. Ready to see a one batch out. Doing the second batch here. With Raymond noodle pork packet in the back. Here one thing I was going to say make sure you pack them little puppies. Because even though I pack them real tight see. It shrinks to me you know. Which doesn't hurt anything but just pack the 11 heck out of it. Hard as you can pack it. Cold pack it. Now you process it just like you would be for anything. You can go check one of my videos out. You know how to can't beef on my site there. And you can see exactly nothing different. If you can treat chicken, pork and beef all the same. I process these at 75 minutes for pints. 90 minutes for quarts. I usually do pints with a little hand here. But put your water in your canter. Make sure you put a little vinegar in there so you don't get the cloudiness on the jars. Put your jars in there. Put the top on. Once steam starts coming out let it vent for 10 minutes. Put on the rocker 15 pounds. For 75 minutes for pints. 90 for quarts. And shut it off and walk away. And that's what I did. Look about a half hour and the pressure dropped out. And I pulled those out now. I'm heating this back up. I'm heating up. I'm going to do my lids right now. Pop them on and process one more batch. Now I'm going to do some chicken. I'm going to do some chicken breasts next. So, but anyway I just show you how I do cam pork. I thought it was kind of trick. I kind of slick little deal with the ramen noodle little packets for flavoring. I'll let you know how they are. But I bet you're really going to be good. So Larry, I'm brainer. Ciao.