 Hello everyone, welcome back. My name is Fizz. How's everyone doing today? We are back on Arks 12V building series with Fizz and we are going to build a working fountain. Now I built this for the official trailer for Arks 12V. I haven't seen it go top. Top right as well as I did a video of the whole town that we did as well on the top right. And this is going to be the step by step on how I did it creatively and then at the end of the video I'll show you guys how you can do it on officially because when we built this it was creative build but it looks so beautiful and I just have to show you guys who have been flooded with people asking me how to do this. And I did this on my building server so if you want to check this out live be my guest link in description down below on my build server and let's get started. If you have any questions put them in the comments down below. So first we're going to find a spot where we're going to build this and I'm going to just build it right here. You can build it anywhere you want but I'm just going to pick it right here. So first thing we're going to do is we're going to build an Octagon. You already know this basically fence foundation, fence foundation, wall wall ceiling, pillar, done deal. Alright so I'm going to speed this up real quick because you don't need them watch me do this because you've seen me done it. I love times and obviously you don't have to do those. I just do it because it's so much easier to get stuff done. You want me to spend 20 minutes getting one snap point? I don't think so. Alrighty so after you have this general shape and you can always check it on the top right of the video you can check out the tips and tricks and how I actually did this because I have a video on it. We're going to now put some railings. Pretty simple. Just some stone railings. Why? Well don't you want the water to not come out? Fake water? Oh boy. Alright and then the next thing we're going to do is actually we're going to put some pillars just like this. So we're going to extend these pillars out like so. Just like that. Very simple. Okay. So now we have this kind of generic shape. Okay. So next thing we're going to do is we're actually going to fill this up with pillars. Now as you can tell we can snap pillars inside like so. So now we kind of make a new circular bit inside which is kind of cool. This was actually made on accident. I wasn't actually trying to do this and then I accidentally did it. Now if you want to be like this you can definitely just get rid of this pot, this one right. But what happens is this is actually kind of weird how this happens. So our coding is apparently when you place this pillar down it has a snap point to this one over here because it's like doing this. So basically if you put a pillar here and then you go over here it's like having kind of like that but like it doesn't it's like it doesn't look like it is. I don't know. It's just really weird. So take my word that you can't really change that unless you did this and unless you come down here and you basically take this pillar. So these inner pillars if you just take them down so if you did something like this through the ground then they could probably do that but like this so much more work. I guess I don't know if you really want to do that but I'm not going to. So let's do this. We're going to extend this up like so like one more like that. And now we have our water fountain but wait wait wait wait wait wait a minute. Didn't we have pillars or did we have pipes coming through. Yes we did. That's the next step. So get your pipes ready. I suggest wood or stone sorry because the stone ones look a little bit nicer. Alrighty so welcome to my mess. Now I'm going to explain this very carefully because this actually just took me 20 minutes to figure out because I actually forgot how I did this. And if you know about piping snap points they're paying the butt. So let's do it on the other side. So I'm going to be following this just as closely as you. So this will probably use a lot of resources so obviously use it in batch and wood or whatever. First thing you need to do is extend this section out by three and obviously we're going to need to add a pillar right here because we need to extend this out by one more. Next thing we're going to do is add two walls. And the reason why we need this specific snap point for this. And this is the only way I have done it like literally the only way I have done it. Okay. Next thing we're going to do is we're going to snap in intersection piece right here right in the middle of this stone pillar or ceiling. Sorry. Right there doesn't have to be exact but you know pretty close to accurate to what you need. Next thing you need to do is extend this out by one. Now don't do this because this actually doesn't work. Don't use straight pieces right there. Okay. We don't want that. We're going to extend one and two. Okay. Next thing we're going to do is extend this piece down like so. Actually no, we're going to extend it down by one. See I don't even know sometimes. Like so. We're going to extend it down one more like that. We're going to take this pillar, this straight one and we're going to actually snap it right there. Like that we're going to put a little tap thing. Then we're going to destroy this one and destroy that. Next thing we're going to do is snap one going down. Now this time you're going to probably have to do something like this. Snap it up and bend down. Finally we're going to snap one going down like this. You actually do want to snap one more going down because this is actually where hard water is going to be taken in and out. There we go. Just like that. Now you have to do that. How many more times? One, two, three, four, five, six, eight. Eight more times. Better count that right? I don't know. Who knows? Alright. So after you have completed placing down this, it looks pretty good and also getting rid of all the floating pillars like this one that hasn't gotten rid of yet. Go. Now we got to just turn it on. So if we go down here, this is where it's easier if you are doing this on creative mode because this is just so much simpler to explain and show you. What you need to do is just basically bringing these pieces down like this and basically snap them down like so. Like this. Just pretty easy. Now obviously I'm going to show you at the end the other way of doing it because there is another way. There's a couple ways. There we go. So now everything should be working. There is our water fountain working. Now we're not done yet. We've got a couple more things to do. So let's get to our first off. We need to get some artifact bases. So let me get those real quick. Alright. So we got our artifact bases. Now there's a trick that you can do is actually place them on top pillars if you really want to. It just adds a little bit of decaration deco. And as you know me, I like to build stuff differently but we're not going to use them yet for that. We're going to decide what we want to do for this. So I kind of want to do is place two artifacts right in the middle right here like so. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to place one right here. And I'm going to go on the other side and place just another one like so. Come on. Get that nice snap point. You can do it one more if you want. Hey let's do it two more times. First let's spawn in some artifacts. We want our effect of the storm. That is the one that glows blue and we want the glue glue glow. Glowiness because it's it's pretty amazing. And it makes it look like water. Looks like more like water. Even though it's fake water. There we go. So now we have that as the artifacts are in there. Next up is paint. So let's grab ourselves our spray gun and let's paint this navy blue right here. So we're going to paint all this section just some neat blue. I'm going to get rid of that paint job in a second. There we go. And then finally we need to just paint these pillars. Sky. The reason why I painted them sky is just give it a little bit of a decoration of it making it look like it's painted. But it doesn't really matter because you can't really tell. Obviously maybe at night you can but from the most part you really just can't tell. But it just adds that little bit of blue. All right so here is the quick example of how you can do this on official servers. Itch. Now obviously what you guys can do is all of this pretty much right. And the only problem is that you're not going to be able to run water down down under to like this basically right. But what you can do is actually extending this section up a little bit higher so it's not as low to the ground. Obviously kind of gets rid of the fact that it's you know a fountain that's on the ground. But if you build like a platform around the structure and then basically have it up you can do something like this and adding a little bit of water tanks. Now this does add a little bit of a thing like this and it does add a little it's weird. But this is kind of the only way you can do it. Now obviously you can do it something like this as well. And as if you make this like not as tall or taller you can actually place them down underneath underneath the structure now. This doesn't it doesn't look too bad having it like that. But if you don't want that obviously just a bunch of water tanks down under like that. Obviously if you go further down you can have more like bigger and better like metal ones basically. So that's a very simple and easy way. But if you are like me and like to do creative stuff and has the ability to do it obviously you can do it the very cleaner way. But this way can help you in work. And yeah basically. Well anyway it's ladies y'all and that's it. If you guys like this video please leave a thumbs up at the like share comment and if you do want some more tutorials and some other videos feel free comment down below and I'll try you go looking at it to my list. Thank you guys so much for watching. Hopefully you enjoyed and we'll see you guys on the next one. Take care and have a good one.