 Welcome back once again to HowToCookGreatFood.com. If you haven't already, please subscribe to our channel. On the menu today, I'm going to make some absolutely delicious lamb chops. In a kind of Asian style, they're going to really be sweet and sticky. Delicious. Let me run through some ingredients. Tomato ketchup. About two tablespoons. Honey. One tablespoon. Some fresh chillies. Entirely up to you how many you put in. I'm putting in one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. We like chilli at this place. But as many as you like it. I've got a heap teaspoon there of garlic and ginger paste. Here I've got a little bit of sesame seed oil. It can be a lovely flavour. Some black pepper. Some sesame seeds. That we're going to throw into the mix. I'm also going to add a little touch of soy sauce. These are going to be super. Let's go and do it. So I've got my lamb chops here. Absolutely beautiful. I've got about 10 or 12 there. Roughly. Just get that black pepper in. And those sesame seeds. And let's chillies. I'm just going to put them in a hole. If you want you can chop them. Like garlic and ginger. Now we need to chop this honey in. It's going to be really beautifully sweet this. And then we add the ketchup. Which again is going to be added sweetener. The ketchup has got a lot of sugar and vinegar in it. It's basically pretty much what it is. A decent bit of soy sauce. I'm using a dark soy sauce here. You can use anyone you want. And because we're using soy sauce, we're certainly not going to be adding any salt. Only one thing for it now. I'm going in with my hands. We need to mix this around. Then we're going to refrigerate these. Cover them and refrigerate them for at least three hours I would see. Personally, I'm going to be doing these overnight. It's going to be cooked tomorrow. It's really simple. I'm going to cook these on my barbecue. Nice, low and slow flame. You can if you want. Use a flat skillet or a dry frying pan. If you don't have access to a barbecue. Work exactly the same. The charcoals are going to give it a slightly better taste. That's it. So simple, sweet and sticky. They're going to be delicious. See you later.