 Welcome. I want to share with you the information that I have on stevia side effects that might occur. This information is to provide you with a better insight on this natural sweeper. I would like to begin by saying, an individual who is no longer able to use regular sugar or chooses to switch to a sugar alternative will be confronted with a number of choices. Some of the choices available are not natural and they do have warning stating that there are possible side effects from using the product. So keep in mind that side effects can be both positive and natural. I grew up with my mum telling me that maybe your mum told you that whenever you have good news and bad news to tell someone to always start with a good news first. To follow my mum's advice, here is the good news about stevia the natural sweeper. Stevia is actually very sweet. In fact, it's about 300 times sweeter than granulated sugar. Now that is super sweet. It can be purchased in either liquid or a powdered form. It can be used in all of your cooking and baking, even when sweetening your drinks that you would normally add sugar to. It can be shown to actually stabilise one's blood sugar levels, which makes this a perfect candidate for those who are a diabetic. Did you know that gardening could be considered a positive side effect? Not really, but if you are able to grow and maintain healthy plants, you can grow your own stevia plant. I can tell you from first experience that this plant is super easy to grow and if I can do it, anyone can. And what about those of you who are concerned about your overall health and weight? Compared to the unnatural sweetness you could use, stevia has zero calories and actually helps to control cravings for sweet or fatty foods. In addition, studies have shown that stevia can actually prevent the onset of various infections by stopping bacterial growth, which drastically reduces the possibility of getting the common cold or flu. I would also like to add that in addition to using stevia as a sweetener, you can also buy stevia to a paste. My family and I have used stevia toothpaste for quite a while now and at our most recent dental checkup, our dentist was very impressed with how healthy our teeth and gums were. During our visit, our dentist even told us that stevia can be used in the treatment of certain gum diseases. And if you are a gum chewer, you might like to try stevia chewing gum. This is the only gum my family and I chew and it tastes great and is easy to chew. I hope that the information that I have just shared with you encourages you to switch to stevia, to sweeten your foods and drinks and also to try some of the other stevia products available. Remember the good news is that stevia is completely natural, tastes good and is good for you. What else is there to say? Find out in part two.