 And the video was turned off by accident, so this is the completion. You'll need Mr. Buffle, three seconds. The most important thing is linting the cat to completion. Absolutely. Every piece of soap is off the cat. Mon and her to sink and the tub, whichever you're using, there should be no bubbles in the bathtub or sink when you are done. The cat should be completely rent. And it goes up and down. See all that soap hiding under there? Back up like that. So that rent thing. So there will be free parts of this video. There was really a link supposed to be two. The bath, the final rinse, and this final rinse will include sculpting the cat's ears and eyes, which of course is not necessarily that important to unless you're showing, but you also going to show you how to clip the nails. And then we'll turn it off and turn it back on, and video of the blow drying. Blow drying is very important. You really have to get the cat to 100% dry, or the cat's hair will not. Come on, deteriorate the bubble. You can see the sink bubbles are almost gone. And the bubbles are like, okay, this one's done. Okay, just a sec. Okay, now we're in business. Now the sink is granted or tub. There we go. Now we can be sure there's no bubbles left on the fuzzy nail. And stand up. And we're tied for the tub tub. We're good. Rinsing is extremely important. The cat will itch and thrash from the soap if you leave any soap on her. The residue from the soap will make them itch. Okay, boys. Ta-da! Bless you! Then we'll just squeegee out some of the water. We're squeaking out. And I'm going to move and get her a towel. Okay. And she makes the kitty into a taco. Okay. It's okay. Try and get a mistry of your cow with the towel. She says, you're going to be doing nails for those that need to know. Okay. I see her feedies. She's as regular nail clippers. Put it sideways on the nail, right to the quick and clip. Her nails are short because they're done every week. All this, all the feedies. That one doesn't need it. We'll check the back feed. Just see the little tiny white tip. Doesn't need it. I need it. And you can see the way she's holding her. So fuzzy feels very secure in her hands, in her arms. But she's up against me. Her bottom very relaxed. Okay. Hold this right here. Got it. Perfect. Are you a baby? I do. Good job, that's a good girl. Okay. When we trim the cat, we comb down from the face. Use a safety scissor with a rounded end. You're just going to follow the contour of the eye. I can't just buzz. I'm going to make a knee look bad. Okay. Are you comfortable? A little bit of air hanging over the eye. Good. And the ear, place your thumb on the very tip of the ear, and follow the contour of your thumb and the cat's ear. You want it to appear rounded. Not the hair on the front of the ear, just the hair on the very tip. See this one? Same thing. See how much the hair is growing in just a week. Nice and rounded. No sharp edges. Come through the cat a little bit. Helps the hair to separate. So she's easy to hide. So maybe not under shoulder. My hand is under her arms. She's too fat. We need to do a second towel. I normally use two towels because the dryer you get on with the towel. The less time it takes to blow them dry. Okay. Nice, thick, thirsty towel. Now here you make inner noises. All righty.