 Hi guys, so this is an initial review and demonstration of my pet safe scoop free automatic cat litter. I got it from Amazon for about 125.95 with prime shipping. It's the base model. It's very easy to set up and immediately the cats are using it right now. That's a good sign. It comes with one bag of premium crystal litter. Pre-measured and a cardboard tray. That's how you're supposed to use these things, crystals and a disposable single-use cardboard tray at the bottom of it. The machine goes over it and you're supposed to replace the cardboard tray and litter every few weeks. As most people have said, those things are quite expensive. There's a solution to that which I'm going to talk about in just a minute. I still have my old litter so the cat can get acclimated to the new machine. It has a 20-minute delay timer before it scoops the solids up and that's the timer right there. It's 20 minutes, you can't change it. It has a sensor much like a garage sensor to know when the cat's in there and once the cat exits, that's when it starts the timer. The ultra model has a hood and a changeable delay timer and a counter for how many times your cat uses the litter. As I mentioned, the cardboard tray with a litter can be quite expensive so I bought a reusable plastic tray which in itself is about $16. You can just buy the crystals and it can save you a little bit of money over a long period. I'm going to go ahead and do that. That's it. I hope it works well. I hope that I don't have to clean the litter every day. I'm quite excited for this to hopefully work well for the cat. All right. It's been 20 minutes, so the machine is going to go ahead and scoop up the solids. As you can see, the urine, where the cat used it, doesn't clump up liquid because the crystals are supposed to absorb the liquid. It's only supposed to move the fecal solids to the back compartment which it's doing right now and supposed to push it over that edge and into a channel where all the solids are supposed to be dumped into. It looks like the scoop or the grate is flipping over around and doing a second pass. You can't tell it earlier but the litter was actually quite uneven because the cat's been messing with it because it was new to her. It looks like the grate is actually evening everything out, leveling it. That's quite nice. Now it's going to go to the starting position and that's it. It made a pass. Hopefully it works well and I'm quite excited. All right. I'll have a good day.