 South India, rubber seed fall occurs generally from July to September. Please purchase rubber seeds from approved polyclinal gardens, which are free from disease. Rubber seeds are first germinated in germination beds. Please prepare seed beds of convenient length and 90 cm width for germination. The surface of bed should be raised by 10 cm to 15 cm to avoid water logging. Level beds with a layer of about 5 cm in thickness of river sand or each coirpiff. Seeds are washed thoroughly to remove charcoal and other packing debris. Please spread seeds over the bed in a single layer, touching one another and press gently. In order to prevent loss of too much moisture, the beds are covered with a thin layer of gunny bagel coirmating. A high level of moisture is maintained in the bed by evenly sprinkling water early in the morning and late in the evening. The bed should be inspected daily and the germinated seed spectre. Germinated seeds must be carefully handled. Carefully place them in a vessel containing water to avoid root damage. Please collect the healthy germinated seeds. The seeds, which germinate within 15 days, can be used for other nursery purpose. Or other seeds, which germinate after 15 days, are considered as unhealthy and weak. Please remove such seedlings. The healthy germinated seeds will be planted in ground nursery. For ground nursery, please select a suitable land area with sufficient topsoil and good drainage. For the preparation of a ground nursery, the soil is first dug to a depth of 60 to 75 cm. Thereafter, prepare beds. Bed should be prepared with 90 to 120 cm width and of convenient length. Please remove stones, stumps, plastic, broken glasses and roots from the soil. Apply the recommended quantity of fertilizers in ground nursery. The planting distance in nursery beds vary according to the type of planting material to be raised. Please mark the desired planting distance on a rope or wire, as shown in the video. Place the mark rope along the length of a bed on the row markers of either end and stretch tight. Germinated seeds should be planted when the young root has just emerged. Germinated seeds must be carefully handled. Please place the germinated seed on each mark. Make a small hole by using a pointed stump. Place a germinated seed inside the hole as shown in the video. Cover the hole with mud. Seedling transplantation should be completed before the end of September. The seedlings are now ready to plant. Weeding, mulching, watering and then yearning should be done properly from time to time to ensure proper growth. The nursery beds should always be kept free of weeds. Generally three rounds of weeding are needed. In an end year, hand weeding is commonly practiced. Weeding is done just before application of the first dose of fertilizers and the second weeding before the second dose. The third round of weeding is done just before commencement of budding. During the dry period, which usually extends from December to April, the nursery should be irrigated. In large nurseries, overhead sprinkler irrigation systems are ideal. Manual watering is convenient and cheap for small nurseries. The nursery bed should be mulched before commencement of irrigation. The quantity of water required there is with soil, climate and age of plants. Daily watering is preferred during the initial weeks. Later, the frequency of irrigation can be reduced to once into or three days. Terminated seeds can also be transplanted to root trainers. 600 cubic centimeter cups are suffers and forays in stock seedlings. Please select a healthy germinated seed. Transplant the germinated seed shown in the video. Root trainer stock seedlings are suitable for green budding and young budding. Terminated seeds can also be transplanted to polybags. Polythene bags of leaflap dimension, 45 centimeter length and 18 centimeter. With 400 gauge sickness, are usually used for transplanting germinated seeds. The stock seedlings raised in polybags are also suitable for green budding and young budding. Buts, required for bud grafting, are collected from budwood, obtained from plants raised specifically for this purpose. Soil is dug to a depth of 45 to 60 centimeters. Planting can be done by using poly back plants or budded stumps or seed at stake, followed by and sitter budding. During the lifetime of the budwood plant, in the first year of planting, only one shoot is allowed to grow. After one year, about 1 meter of brown budwood can be obtained from this plant, 30 centimeters above union. On a mature budwood plant, depending on the spacing adopted, the number of shoots allowed, is ranging from 1 to 8. Budwood nurseries are of two types, namely, brown budwood nursery and green budwood nursery. Brown budwood nursery produces brown buds. In a brown budwood nursery, the spacing should be 90 centimeter-bar 60 centimeters. Green budwood nursery produces green buds. Spacing in green budwood nursery is 60 centimeter-bar 60 centimeters. Please use authentic planting material, the clones approved by rubberboard, for raising budwood nursery. In a budwood nursery, please keep separate blocks for each clone. Each block should be labeled carefully. After budding season, the remaining branches should be removed. Manuring, watering, mulching, shading and protection should be done properly. Please remember, the maximum at a minimum of a budwood plant is below 10 years. Thereafter, please remove the aged plant from the nursery. The best way to do this is to keep the plant in the middle of the nursery. The best way to do this is to keep the plant in the middle of the nursery. Vegetative propagation of rubber is carried out mainly by bud grafting. Three types of budding are mainly recognized. They are brown budding, green budding and young budding. In brown budding, older buds having brown color are used. In green budding and young budding, tender green buds are utilized. Budding is usually carried out by a sharp knife. A mortemary pen knife with a blade of 7 to 8 centimeters can be used specifically designed knife is also available. Transparent budding tapes are used for bandaging. Cotton waste is useful for cleaning bark and exuded latex. Garden scissors can be used to cut leaflets. Before budding, please remember the following points. Usually, buds are taken from the bud woods of high yielding and approved clothes. Bud patch should have core of the bud. Bud patch should be handled carefully. It should always be held by the edges. Unbudding, stock seedlings less than 2 months old are used in root trainer cub or polybags. Please select a healthy seedling. Create a rectangular mark on the bark of seedling as shown in the video. Collect a very young green bud stick. Please collect bud patch from green bud stick by using knife. Use a knife to cut leaflets. Insert the patch as shown in the video without damaging bud. Use a bud in tape to cut leaflets. By using a bud in tape, please bandage the bud patch as shown in the video. The bandaging should be firm enough to prevent rain water from reaching the bed. After 21 days, please remove tape from the plants. The bud is a very good plant. By young budding method, we can reduce the nursery period of planting material. Green budding. 6 to 8 weeks before green budding, please cut back the bud wood plants. So that, green bud sticks will be ready by the time of green budding. Scale buds present on green bud sticks are used in green budding. Green bud sticks should be collected in the morning. For green budding, select healthy plants growing in ground nursery or root trainer cub or polybag. Up to 15 cm above collar region, the bark of the selected should be brown in color. By using a sharp knife, please mark a rectangle shape on the plant. The age and growth of green bud stick must match with the age and growth of selected plants. Please collect bud patch from green bud stick by using knife. The bud patch should have 3.5 cm length and 0.6 cm width. In search of the patch shown in the video, without damaging bud. By using a budding tape, please complete the procedure as shown in the video. The bandaging should be firm enough to prevent rain water from reaching the bed. After 21 days please remove tape from the plants. Allow the plants to remain in the same position till they attain at least 4.5 cm girth. In thereafter, budded plants are pulled out from the ground nursery. The plants should have a tap root of at least 30 cm length. Please cut the plants 5 cm above bud patch, with slope towards opposite side of the bud. The plant should be in the same position till they attain at least 30 cm length. If you are using a 800cc cup, there should be at least 8 vertical ridges. The following materials are used as potting medium and root trainer. Properly cured coir pith appropriate quantities of single phosphate, nemcake, bone meal, future plant. Use Lapörtro® to make clear the animal from the tree. The birds have boring strawberries and whatever making them useful. Clients are prepared to fill up with the top color, which animations could affect the result of the paper and content. After clearing Mesopotamia finish, the tree is peeled off. After planting green-bunded stumps, the root trainers are stacked in carriers. Initially, the base of the containers is covered with topsoil. The root switch grow out of the drainage hole will grow into the soil. On attaining sufficient growth, the soil put beneath the containers is removed. After pruning the roots, which grow out of the drainage hole, the plants along with the containers are kept suspended in air for hardening. During the hardening process, the tap root resumes growth in a few days. It undergoes natural air pruning near the hole at the bottom. The root rate avoids the coiling of root. This stress induces emergence of large number of lateral roots, inside the root trainer. The vertical ridges of the container wall direct these roots downwards. It prevents circular growth of roots. Later, these lateral roots are also liable to air pruning. In short, the root trainer plant has a central tap root system, and a large number of well-oriented lateral roots. Proper fertilizer application ensures growth. The plants should be protected against pest and desi-s attack whenever it is necessary. Regular inspection and proper water in is essential. A root trainer plant, before distribution, should have at least two worlds of mature leaves. In the color region, these plants should have at least three centimeter girth. The first world should have six leaves, and the second with seven leaves. The root trainer should have at least 40 centimeters height. Just before distribution, the root trainer plants should be sprayed with copper fungicides. For raising poly back plants, black polythene bags made up of low density polyethylene or high density polyethylene are preferred. To facilitate drainage, holes should be punched in the lower half of the bags. For green-bud poly back plants, the poly back should have a lay flat dimension of 45 centimeters length and 18 centimeters breadth and 400-gourage thickness. They should have a capacity to contain 6 kilograms of soil. For brown-bud poly back plants, the poly back should have 50 centimeters length, 25 centimeters breadth and 400-gourage thickness. They should have a capacity to contain 8 kilograms to 10 kilograms of soil. The fertile top soil, collected after removing the surface vegetation and leaf litter, is ideal for filling the bags. The soil should be partially dried if it is too wet. Before filling, large clods of soil are broken. Please remove plastic, stones, stumbles, roots and broken glasses. While filling, the bag should be gently tapped to ensure compact filling of soil without leaving air spaces. The bag is filled up to about 2 centimeters below the brim. Powdered rock phosphate, at the rate of 25 grams for small bags and 75 grams for large poly bags, is mixed with top layer of soil. The filled bags can be kept in the nursery in trenches. For small bags, depth of trench may be 20 centimeters, and the distance between rows, in a pair of trenches is 15 centimeters. After placing the bag in trench, the excavated soil is filled in gap between them or mounted around the bags. There are two methods for raising polybag plants. One method is to raise the stock seedlings in polybags and green bud them. After cut back, the sign is allowed to grow to the required size. The soil is filled in gap between them or mounted around the bags. After cut back, the sign is allowed to grow to the required size, before planting. Alternatively, budded stumps can be planted in polybags. Before planting in polybag, the tap root of budded stumps should be pruned, to a length about 15 centimeters less than the depth of soil core. Lateral roots should be pruned to around 5 centimeter lengths. Deeping roots in cow dung slurry enhances root development. Green budded stumps dipped in fresh water for 4 to 5 hours, before planting, also enhances initial growth. Footpath of 75 centimeters width may be left, between two pairs of trenches. When budded stumps are used, the bud patch should face the footpath, to facilitate growth of sprouts. Fertilizer application is also important. The watering should be done soon after manuring. Watering can be done manually, or by using sprinklers. Too much watering will result in water logging. Appropriate profilactic and curative measures may be taken against diseases and pests. Before distribution, the polybag plants should be spayed with thingy sides. During summer, partial shading should be provided. Before distribution, the shade should be removed step by step. Suitable month foraising polybag plants is January, for brown bud polybag plants, and February, for green bud polybag plants. So that the plants will have 2 to 3 steps of leaves by June.