 Hello, hello and welcome to something to be on this channel. Today I'm going to show you how to repair your stud window or your window that have slid into the door panel of your car. Now I'm going to share my little story with you guys. A couple days ago I was out and about, went by Sam's, picked all the portions up in the car, closed the door and guess what? The window just slid down into the door panel. There's a thing about it, it was about to rain so I had to hurry up and make it home. I decided to just put this plastic on the window. You're riding around with a piece of plastic on your window. You can't see out of, not only that, it's just a hassle period when it rains. So I went by my local dealership, since I have an older car, I figured okay, it shouldn't be that much to repair this window. That is going to cause, I think roughly about 200 or something to repair that window. Then I decided to go to a less expensive out of mechanical shop and they told me roughly around the same price. You know I didn't have $200 to get this window repaired, right? I'm that person who wants to figure out the easier way of doing things. So God gave me this idea and you're only going to see this on my channel. First time ever. What I'm going to show you, it can either be a temporary repair or it can be something permanent. Things that you're going to need in order to make this repair, just two things and it's not going to cause you no more than $2. You can't beat that. What you're going to need is this clamp and I purchased this particular clamp for my local dollar store. You can go buy your local dollar store, you can go buy your local hardware store, you can go buy home depot loads, whatever's in your area, I'm pretty sure they can sell these clamps. The next thing you're going to need is a multitask screwdriver because I don't know what size or how your cap of your screw is made. So go just pick up a multitask screwdriver. You can pick this up as well from your local dollar tree. So we're talking about $2 to repair a window. I want to say this, you are going to need someone to help you with this. I don't want anyone to feel intimidated by this project because if I can do it, you can do it as well. So let's get started. Okay, so the first thing you want to do is remove the paper sat, the plastic, whatever you have on your window, go ahead and make sure you remove that from your window. Now, as you can see on my window, it's still up. And the reason being is because I lined the inside of it with tape so the window would not slide back down into the door handle. But once I remove this tape, it's going to slide right back down. So we're going to go ahead and do that. What's really holding it together is this bottom half of the tape. Okay, so once I took that tape off of the window panel, it's going to slide back into the door. Now if your window decide to go all the way into the panel, don't worry because we have to disengage this hole inside. That is the purpose for the multitask screwdriver because I don't know how the head of your screw is going to look so it's best to have one of these. Now, like I said, it only costs a dollar. Okay, so we're going to come on the other side to see how my panel is made on the inside of my SUV. Now we all know everybody's car is made differently, but I'm going to show you the inside of my panel and show you what we're going to do in order to remove the panel from the inside. So come on, take a look. Okay, so this is the inside of my panel. The first thing you must do is locate all your screws to the door. So I have one screw that is located right here at my door handle and I'm going to look around for the other screws. There's another screw right here in the handle of the door. And as I take my hand to go around the baseline of this panel, there's a screw right here. I can feel one here. You can't see it. And as I keep filling around, there's one right here in the middle and one on the end. And I'm looking at a total of five screws. I know this is the head that I will use to remove my screws. Here's my first screw that I removed from my door panel. I'm going to take this screw and lay it on the floor of my cockpit on the inside of my car. So I won't misplace any of my screws. The second one, I'm going to slightly take my screwdriver because I can't go flat with it because it's flat right here and just begin to turn that a loose to remove that screw. Here's my second screw. Place it on carpet. Now I'm going to have to get down lower, but you're not going to be able to see this. And take out my remaining screw right here. And next thing you want to do is take your hand and lift up on your panel. Lift it up to disengage it from the door frame. Be very careful when you're doing this. And there are clamps at the bottom. So that's why I said go up. And now we're going to try to pull out. So now that I'm on the inside of here, I'm looking around to see do I need to disengage my door handle. You don't want to pull too hard. Let me see. You have to be very careful with this part because you don't want to break this is the port that lasts until you're inside that allows you to open and close your door. You don't want to break that. You really don't. Okay, at one point I thought I was not going to have to disengage my door panel handle, but I am. So that's very easy to do. Don't be alarmed. Right here on my handle, I'm going to push it back. You see how that extended out and just lift that leverage up. Okay, so I disengage my door handle from the inside. Now this is my control panel. It's going to easily lift up and I'm just going to insert it down through here and push it back out in a minute. Now my panel came completely off. I was hoping I did not have to do that for this front panel, but it's necessary because I have to show you where to clamp that rod. Okay, so I did not want to mislead you. We have to go back out and get another clamp. Home Depot do have these clamps and these are more sturdy. These are truly heavy duty clamps and they only cause one dollar at your local heartwood store. So let's get back at it so we can repair this door and move on to the next thing. This is how I got to get out the answer panel off. So I got to pull the door handle to the end. Okay, let's go ahead and take this cheaper version out. Remember I got this from Dollar Tree Don't Mess with them. Go buy your local heartwood store, get this heavy duty counter. Let's finish this taking too long. This should not take you any more than 15 to 30 minutes to do. Okay, so here's the heavy duty clamp that we picked up from Home Depot. Very sturdy. We're going to remove these soft tips on here because we want metal on metal. This is the heart part. If I had been so sturdy, you're going to have to open that clamp up and proceed to come right here to this beam. Once you get to this beam, you're going to push it as first it'll go up and that's going to give your window support to rest upon that. I want it to go all the way to the top. Oh, you better not get discouraged. You can do this. You're going to play with it. Okay, so I have successfully repaired this door. This is a 2002. You're going to need someone with small hands because my hand's so large. It's hard trying to get in. This little crack. But once you take that clamp inside of your door panel, you're going to turn it sideways, reposition it. You may have the clamp going outward. Now on this front door, I had to clamp in an outward position. On my back door, the clamp is turned this way. I only use one clamp. So I'm going to take my hand out. I'm going to see if my camera person comes around and try to peek through here to show you where I actually have this clamp position. So I have the camera position on the inside of the door panel. And as you can see, the position in which the clamp was applied to the window to secure the window to stay up. But if you can see, look, I'm applying pressure. It's not coming down. This is true pressure that I'm applying to this window and it's not moving at all. You can tell by the fingerprints on the glass. As I scroll down, the glass is not moving at all. So now I'm going to go ahead and work on reapplying my internal panel to my inside of my door. I put this liner because it's still tacky. Has some tackiness to it. I'm going to go ahead and place that back where it was. You want to line it up with your hose because remember, we've got to put the panel back over. That's pretty good. You don't have to be perfect, but try to get it as perfect as possible. Okay, so now that I have that back together, so now we're going to put the panel back together. Right here, you see holes. In these holes, or grooves on this door panel, that's going to insert inside of those holes. Okay, that is back and place. This is my control panel for my windows, my left and right rear view windows, as well as the window and lock control. I didn't want to have to go this far, but yeah, I'm going to have to go ahead and take it apart. I didn't want to do that. I don't want nobody to get discouraged, but before I do it, okay, take that apart. I'm going to bring these wires through this hole right here in the door. You'll see it in a minute. Now, what I need to do that is very, very important. Connect that back. There's two leverage. This right here controls my door handle. So I got to hook that back to my door handle right here. Okay, next thing I want to do is go ahead and hook the door mechanism that opens and close the door from the outside. I have to cook it back in that groove that I took it out of. So the first thing I want to do is place it back in the groove, bring it around and secure it, snap it on, lock it, something is that. Now, I'm going to go ahead and attach this back on to the door panel. You align it. Okay, I'm going to make sure it's aligned right here on. Everything is in on top. Now I'm aligned. Bring this back through. I still have a gap so that means something's not connected properly. There we go. Okay, there we go. I have to make sure that everything is back in place for the alignment of it. So when I get ready to put my screws back in, it'll line up. Now I'm going to take my door panel. I'm going to take this right here. I reconnect it. There's something to do. Just look at the grooves. Snap it in place. I'm going to take this groove and snap it back into place. Now I'm going to insert this panel back into the door. See how it is? Okay, so now the only thing I have to do is put my screws back in the door panel. Wherever I remove the screw, that's where I'm going to place the screw back. Then I have one additional screw down here at the bottom. Is that where I've been put in place? So now what I'm going to do is close the door to make sure it's going to open from the inside out. I'm going to start my car to mention my other one that's going down and up. Make sure that my rear view mirrors are working. And that's moving properly so everything is in order. Let's do the automated door lock. So that's working fine. Okay, so we got the job done and we only spent $1. Head on over to your hardware store, pick up that clamp. If I can do it, you can do it. And you're only going to sit here on my channel. But God give you an idea, go with it. Because it has no choice but to work out for the project. So I hope you have been doing the time we've shared together. Come on back because I'm going to show you how to remove those stubborn grease stains from your driveway. For only $1. So I hope you have been doing the time we've shared together. Until next time. Be blessed. Bye y'all.