 Hello, I'm Dr. Paul Ganon and today we are going to cook leeks. Leeks are going to become the basis of every single pot of soup that you make from here on out as well as a great thing to add to many other dishes from meatloaf to rice, casserole, anything at all. This will be your number one ingredient. Let's get started. First we are going to start by cutting the leek straight down the middle. When we do this, this is going to expose where the sand is and the dirt is. So what you want to do is you want to splay each leaf open. And this is the easiest way to wash them since you have left this intact. Now cutting our leeks. What I like to do is trim off the ends. And trim off any old leaves. Just go right down all the way to the end. We are going to add a little bit of olive oil to a pan. We want to give it a good stir. Let's make sure the oil is coated. We are going to add a fair amount of salt. The salt is going to help bring out the juices. The leeks are going to saute in their own juices. And we are going to keep that covered. Low temperature. I'm going to turn it down here. Low temperature for a good half hour. Do keep checking on it. Keep stirring it along that time. You can see how it's getting a nice green color. Looking really delicious. Nice and tender. So our leeks have been cooking for about 40 minutes. They are nice and soft. They'll melt right in your mouth. This is something that you can put with some brown rice. It's absolutely delicious. Meal and that with self. You can also serve this next to beef or chicken with some sauteed mushrooms. It's wonderful. And remember, when you're making leeks, make a lot of leeks. What you can do is freeze them in small containers so that when you make soup or when you want them as a little side dish, all you have to do is thaw them out. They freeze wonderfully. They thaw out wonderfully. You can just drop a block of frozen leeks into a pot of soup. And voila, it's going to be fabulous. More about that on the soup video. I'm Dr. Paul Ganon. Thank you for watching today. Check out my website at drpogana.com and have fun cooking.