 Hi, in this video I'm going to be showing you one of my spiritual stones. This beautiful baby over here is amethyst. Look at this beauty. Oh my gosh. I mean just looking at it, you just make you get like a spiritual revelation or something. The width glistens and the way it just feels is just amazing. This prepples stone amethyst is a spiritual stone. Most people use it for the psychic mind. So if you want to improve on your psychic abilities and get more intuitive and more in tune with you in a self and in a message that you get from your higher self or from your spirit or the universal you or whatever it is that you call it. Amethyst is one of the stones that's highly recommended for that. It just has this peaceful energy about it. It just has this peaceful spiritual energy about it. You can't really explain it. It just has to be experienced. The feel that this stone emits and just the vibration of this stone is so calming and so sobering that you can't just be scattered mentally or emotionally when this stone is in your presence or when you're in the presence of this stone. That's just the way I feel about it. This amethyst is I basically have it in my living room and I just always just intend for it to allow its energies to be felt in my space. Whoever comes home to my place, obviously they will definitely enjoy the spiritual energies of this stone. Just because it's a huge cluster, clusters kind of emit energies all over the place. You can always, there's always enough for all. So this is my beautiful Amethyst crystal cluster. And I also use other smaller crystals like I use this amethyst. It has the shape of a love heart and this amethyst basically likes to sit on this stone like that. So usually I just place it on this and you know the mummy stone carries the baby stone and that's just how it likes to be. So this amethyst crystal cluster likes to have this love hearted ab shaped amethyst crystal sitting on it. So that's where these babies go. Okay. So let me show you another one. So this is another one of my amethyst clusters. And this particular one is basically for my sleep time. This stone is another one that just sobers me up when I'm sleeping. It allows me to have like just wonderful dreams. It likes to be under my pillow. I love it so much. There's just some energy when I just place it on my hand on it just in this way. Sometimes when I just, I'm sleeping and I'm just, I pull it from under my pillow and it just holds it in my hands. I just feel so safe and so secure. And you know, I'm telling you, I don't know, I'm so obsessed with these stones and the messages that they have and the dreams that I have and they because they take me places that you know, it's just amazing. So this particular amethyst is one for me to, for my meditation basically and also for my sleep time and my dream time. I mean you just got an, it's hard to explain these things to people. Like they just has to be some connection and some experience for yourself, you know, different you to understand. So this is one of them. Okay, so that's, so this was one of my first ones that I found. Like a long time ago, it was a little like baby one and I used it for a long time but now it's kind of you know, put aside not because it's not loved but because it has to emit its energies in another room and in another space. So this is one of the other classes that I have. And then of course I have a lot of little tumbley's, the tumble stones for amethyst and they're the most peaceful stone, they're the most spiritual stones for the third eye and for your intuitive mind and for spirituality. But as usual, like I always say you have to ask your stones, you have to speak to your stones, they have to give you that message. What is that stone doing in your life? So I mean, what do your stones do in your life? Do you have a question? Do you have an answer for that? So if you have an amethyst and you'd like to share your experiences, please leave your comments below and thank you so much and keep loving your crystals, their beautiful, beautiful beautiful beings. See you next time.