 Hi guys, it's Tina, my homesteading project. And I wanted to show you what I built. I built an egg incubator. And so I want to show you kind of how I did this. And it cost me less than $30 to build this. So let's get it close up and I'll show you how it all goes together. Alright, so first off, this is made out of just a regular Styrofoam cooler. Now I did get the more rectangle cooler, which does cost a little bit more than the ones you see of people make for the cost of $2 or $3. This one actually was $7.50. But after I bought this one, I was at Walmart. And if you go over to their clearance section, a lot of times they'll have these over there marked down because they've fallen over, they've gotten dings or dirty or whatnot. They're still intact, they're still in good shape. So my Walmart had them on clearance, marked down to $5.60 plus they had them in additional 50% off. So I really could have got this cooler for $2.80. So make sure that you check your clearance sections or ask the employees if they have any in the back that they can mark down that have gotten beat up. So anyway, so this cost me $7.50. The glass here on the front, which I just cut in and recessed the glass, this I got at the dollar store, just a cheap frame for a buck. And I'm holding it in with paper clips that I've cut in half, the vinyl coated paper clips, and just have those around the house just like you would if you were replacing a window pane in a window. Actually, if you have those little points handy, those would work really well too to hold it in. And this is just black electrical tape that I put around and the outside to cover up the Styrofoam where I chiseled out the channel for this to sit in. Now on the top, this right here is just an extension cord that I got at the dollar store. And I cut off the female end and kept the male end. And this piece here, this was about $8.50 and this is a replacement dimmer switch for a lamp. So that's what this is. Now these, I know these Molly bolts are upside down, but the screws that came with my attachment weren't long enough to put them in that side down. But this, here's my little light bulb holder, I don't know what those are called. It's porcelain, this was $1.99, came with the screws, and then a light bulb, you know, I got a package of light bulbs for a dollar at the dollar store. So I went ahead and how I did that was I just poked a hole through the Styrofoam to put the wires through to wire onto this. And then I wired one end directly to the light fixture. And then the other end I wired to the extension cord after I cut it off. And then I just touched the wires into the other handle and used zip ties to hold it down. And then these little wing nuts from some Molly bolts, actually they're not wing nuts, but they're the ends of Molly bolts. I used those to attach my screws to. And that's all that part is. And probably this and the sensor were the most expensive parts of my incubator. Now then I bought this at Walmart, this was about, it was almost $9.870 something. This is my, shows my temperature and my humidity. And it's just battery operated, I just stick it inside. Now inside my incubator, this is my tray that I got this at the dollar store. This is for going inside your sink. And I just cut it down to size. And the best way to cut these is to use an Xacto knife and just score where you want it to shorten it. And then just snap it off because this is pretty brittle. If you try to cut it with scissors like I tried to at first, it'll just break. So an Xacto knife and then just snap it to size. That's what my eggs are going to sit on. And then in the bottom, hold my water and to hold it up off the bottom, I got this. This is one of those little rubber baking pans. I got this at my local thrift store for a buck. So this is really cool because not only does it hold up my rack off the bottom, but it also, this is where I put my water for to raise my humidity. So that just sits right in the bottom of my thing. And since this rubber, it just snugs right down in there perfect. See, it just snugs right down in there. And then this goes on top. Now that's how my eggs will incubate. It's like that. Now the day before they hatch, what I'm going to do is, oh, I didn't grab it. But I have a rubber, like you put in the bottom of your cabinets to put your dishes on so they don't slide. It's got the little holes in it. I've got one of those rubber pieces that I got for a dollar that I'm going to put over the top of this. So the chicks as they hatch won't fall through these holes. But it's nice because these big holes will allow me to add water. And this is just, I had it around the house. This is how I'm going to add my water. It was a craft paint container. So it's got a nice little hole so I'll be able to put the water in the holes without dripping it on the eggs. And that's how I will take care of my humidity. So I will go ahead and plug it in. And then I'll show you how well it works. I already tried it out right after I built it. And kept it running for a couple of days. And it kept my humidity and my temperature just perfect. Once I messed with how much water and everything in there. And where to adjust the knob. It kept the humidity and the temperature perfect for two, three days straight. So I'm going to go ahead and plug that in, get that set up, and then I'll show it to you. Okay, so I wanted to show you. I've had it running for a while now. You can see I've finally got it. You know, adding water and adjusting the light bulb to get it where I want it. So I'm at 50% humidity, 100 degrees Fahrenheit. You can see I went up to 102 was the max. And now I'm down to 100. Humidity was at 53 at the top end. And now I'm leveled out at 50. So that's where I want to keep it. And I'm going to run it like this for a couple of days. Reason why I'm getting it set up is because I have ordered some eggs to put in it. And we're going to try this out and see how it works out. So if you have any questions or comments, go ahead and leave those down below. And as always, remember, God is good. We will talk to you guys later. Have a wonderful day.