 What's up, baddie army? Welcome to another segment of Indiculture with baddie twins! Now guys, before we get into what we're gonna cook today, what's on today's menu? Guys, we finally got aprons. We finally got aprons guys! Yeah, carry what's on your apron? I think these are oranges. I'm gonna be a little citrusy too. Oh, okay, okay, since I see you. And my eyes has on apples, so you know I'm the forbidden fruit hang. And I'm gonna get more aprons so we can change them up every now and then. And then we're gonna eventually get our customized ones. Yes, definitely. Definitely. The wedding twins in the kitchen, it's gonna be big, it's gonna take off. Food network, who? Listen, listen, listen, listen. Rachel Roy, who? Listen, Martha Stewart, who? Listen! Okay, let's just get into this menu girl. Let's get what's on the menu for today. It's a main- Rachel Roy, a Rachel Ray. Rachel Ray. That girl, that cooking show. So guys, this is the moment we've all been waiting for. You guys have been back. You guys were lagging for this meal. This is our favorite meal ever. This meal trumps every other meal. Like this meal is the epitome. Okay, this meal is so delectable, so tasty, so strong. Y'all love our mukbang? Now we're gonna be our friend. Y'all should know what we're talking about. We're making auxtails, guys. We're making people praying. Oh, we are gonna make auxtails today with rice and peas, y'all. And you know we gotta have some sweet plant. Y'all already know. Y'all, if you're watching this video, you're gonna have auxtails before a girl. You know what, girl? Re-evaluate your life. Okay, because auxtails is life. And today's Sunday, so you guys can cook this as your Sunday meal. Yes. You can't cook this Sunday girl. Put it down in your nose and make it for the following Sunday. Yeah. So anyways, we're not gonna delay anymore, girl. We're gonna get into this auxtails because auxtails is not, it doesn't take five minutes to cook. It takes a little while. It takes a while for you to see. Okay. So let's get into this. Let's get into your, ooh, I can't read it. It's in here. Okay, let's just get into this. Let's just, we gotta prep first, girl. Let's just get into this, girl. Okay. Okay, guys, so first of all, we have our auxtails au chopped up. Look at this. Look at this. And guys, I advise you guys, if you guys are going to get auxtail, get it from a meat shop. Because if you go to the supermarket, girl, you're gonna pay an arm and a leg. Okay, so find your nearest meat shop and go to the butcher and let him chop it up. Girl, and he charges you by the pounds. Okay, girl. But this auxtail, ooh, this is a lot of auxtails. There's actually five pounds of auxtails. So yeah, we have our auxtails. You don't look all of that right now, right? No, no, I'm just gonna cook like half of this and then we can save some. Okay, so we have our auxtails right there. Let's get into our seasoning that we're gonna need for the auxtails. First off, we have our auxtail seasoning. Grace, of course. Let's see. Grace is the best. Okay. Okay. So we have our auxtail seasoning. We have our onion powder, which we're gonna need. We have our all-spice pimento seeds. Mm-hmm. We have our ground black pepper. We have our Adobe, of course. And this is what, in space up, but this is a different type of browning. I love this browning because it has a sweet, you know how the regular browning have a like a kind of bitter taste to it? Mm-hmm. This gravy master has a caramelizing. It's very like sweet-ish kind of taste to the browning. Mm-hmm. But it still gives your meat that color that you need. Okay, what else we have on the gravy master? The seasoning. Okay, we have some scallions. We have aka green onions. Yes, we have some thyme and corn. We have some garlic. Corn and egg. Okay, so that's it for the seasoning, guys. And for veg, we're gonna make veggies today. Veggie, so we have, what is this? A cabbage. Cabbage. And we have some carrots. So we're gonna do like a Jamaican version, like a Jamaican. Yeah, we're gonna make our Jamaican. Yeah, we're gonna grid it the cabbage and grid it the carrots. Okay, guys, so what else? Okay, so for rice, we're gonna do rice and peas. Our rice of choice is jasmine rice. And we're gonna use some goyette breadcandy beans today. And of course we have the coconut milk too. Over here. And we have our legendary marruras aka sweet plantains. And of course you're gonna need some oil to cook fry your meat and stuff like that. Yeah, and did I mention we have onions? Yeah. You're gonna need onion too. And of course, guys, we have our legendary butter beans. Okay, you can cook aks here, real authentic aks here, but no botabins tonight. Okay, botabins. And we prefer the grazed bread, of course. We're gonna use the goyette bread or eve bread or whatever other bread they have, whatever Jamaican bread. But our favorite bread is grazed. So that's all the ingredients. So yes, this is all the ingredients we're gonna need for our Sunday dinner or hot stale and rice and peas with our coconut milk in it. So, but you're gonna be making most of the stuff right? I'm just gonna help you prep. So you're the master chef today. I am the master chef. I think I will do the vegetable. You can do the vegetables. And probably fry the plantains. Please clean the om fat for my meat, please. Um, thank you. You're a system meat today, so you have to, yeah, oblige. Okay. Thank you. Okay, let's get it to it. Okay, guys. So it's time to prep our ox tails. So I guess I'm stuck with doing this. So guess because he's the head chef today. But what are you doing, though? I'm removing the excess fat. Yes. You do not, that white part you did not want too much of that on the ox tails. Because you want your ox tails to be. What am I eating at different nights? Meaty. Yeah, we need a sharp knife. Do you want your ox tails to be, you want the meat. You don't want all that fat. When you put your oxal in the pack to fry, too much fat would actually have your oxal steam instead of frying. And you would like your oxal to be brown. So when you have too much of that white meat on your fat, it is going to allow your ox tails to steam instead of frying. And you want it to fry. Okay, remove all the fat. You don't want to have to meet my love. So the ox tails are already, all the excess fat is cut off. And now you have to wash your meat, guys. We cannot stress it any wash your meat. Okay? I'm going to use some vinegar. Just pour on a generous amount. And then I'm going to head over to my strength all over here. And I'm going to just add some water. And I'm going to actually let it marinate for a little bit. Just like for two minutes. And then I'm going to drain it off. Two minutes or two seconds. Two seconds, two seconds. Two seconds. People don't put on the meat. And I'm going to get for two minutes. The meat out comes out just like pure vinegar. Two seconds in mean. No, it's not. Once you wash it off, it's good. Two seconds, people. Not two minutes. Two seconds. Two seconds is one, two. Okay, well, 30 seconds or whatever. But not two minutes. Okay, guys. So it's time to season our ox tails. So we're going to go in with some, um, a doble first. Then we're going to go in with some onion powder. We're going to go in with some black pepper. And guys, it's optional. You could add salt, like regular salt if you want to. But we don't really like our food that salty. And we're already adding a doble. And we're going to add up to the seasoning, which I'm going to add right now. And those all have salt in it. So I don't want to add, we don't like our food that salty. I think that's enough. Okay, and I'm going to add some gravy master. Guys, when there's seasoning meat, you have to get in there with your hands. Get in there with a pause, okay? I do not like people that when they're cooking, and they be using a spoon. I don't think that allowed the seasoning to marinate enemy properly. So you get in here with your hands. You have to get in there. The open egg. Ooh, you can feel the seasoning going into the meat. Mmm, smell that. That smells so good already. Mmm, I always say I can feel it by the way. Mmm, hmm. Okay, now I'm going to add some pimento seeds. Just a few. Give it that spice, no? And I'm going to also add some onions. I got to dice those up. And I'm going to also add some garlic. Okay, this is how you test. Let's see if your meat is salty enough, and you need some more seasoning. You go like this. I think I want to put a little bit more um, upset seasoning on it. You know what, just give it that flavor, that delectable, that's probably the best way to make it. You know what, just give it that flavor, that delectable, that scrumptious, that tasty flavor. Oh, let's not forget our garlic. Guys, we normally used a can to crush the garlic. Make sure the can is clean and sanitized. Okay, let me drop your garlic in here. Guys, so another our meat is seasoned, our oxylis seasoned. We're going to let it sit and marinate for like 15 to 20 minutes, so the flavors can soak in, and so it can have that delectable and scrumptious and tasty, taste when it's finished cooking. Okay, guys, so now it's time to start cooking your oxyls. So what you're going to do is put a little bit of oil in a pot, a Dutch pot preference. Okay, and then we're going to put in the oxyls one by one. What we're going to do is make sure the onions and stuff is not on the actual oxyls, so we're going to just like scrape it off or whatever, and then we're just going to place our oxyls in the pot. And we're going to do that until we're just going to put enough oxyl in there to fill the pot. We're not going to... We want each of them to brown individually. So we're just going to put enough in there. Fill the pot. Fill some brown. If you want the oxyl to come out, have that nice, old and brown, rich, delectable, tasty, punch-up look. Okay? So guys, I flipped the oxyls as you can see. It has that brown look. So that's what you want to achieve. You want to get that brown kind of golden look, just the color to come in, so it looks like meat, like cooked meat. So guys, now we're going to make our gravy master, and I'm going to use three tablespoons of this. So I'm going to get your measuring thing, and you're going to... This is actually half a tablespoon, so I'm going to need half can use six. So do so. One, two, three, four, five, six. Then guys, I'm going to add one cup of water. And then this is optional. You don't have to add this, but I like ketchup in my meat, so I'm going to add some ketchup. Let's give it that rich, nice, that kind of brown red, that gravy, just going to look so good, bro. So yeah, let me get a spoon, so I can mix that up. Just going to mix that up real quick. And of course, you're going to need to add some more water. Just to make the gravy, you're going to eventually add more water, because obviously this is not enough. Alright, so what I'm going to do now, I'm going to add my ox tail. I'm going to add my ox tail to the pot. I'm going to be able to see that juice on the ox tail. Oh, look at that juice on the ox tail. Oh, that is good bro. Okay, I'm going to mix that up. And then mix that up. And then mix that up. Look at the meat pretty. Oh, oh, oh. That's awesome. If the ox tail don't have this brown, then it's too much, you have to re-fry it. No white meat on here. It means that it'll be brown. Alright, so I'm going to add this gravy. Just a little gravy. And I pour this gravy on on the meat. So guys, I added some more water, and some actually added some more gravy master to it, just to make the gravy enough to cover the ox tails. Because it's going to be cooking for a while. So of course the water is going to dry down. So you're going to need to keep adding water. But you don't just only want to add water. You need to add gravy. The more water you add, it's going to get fresher and fresher. You need to keep that flavor and that succulent, delectable scrumptious taste. Okay? Alright guys, so now it's time to let our meat cook. So I'm going to put the cover on and leave it to cook for like one and a half hours to two hours. Now normally if you're using a pressure cooker to cook your ox tails, which is what most of the customers use, it would take like half an hour. But we want our ox tails to be tender, and we want to suck on our balls. We don't want our balls to be soft like mashed potatoes grow. So we're just going to let it cook in a dutch pot for one and a half hours to two hours. And we should be good. So yes, come here and allow it to cook. So meanwhile the ox tail is cooking, I'm going to prepare the rice. I have to wash it and then I'm going to put it in the pot so we can cook. So now I'm preparing the seasonings for the rice and peas. So first off, I'm going to get some scallions and I'm going to wash it off. Ooh, water's hot, bro. Then I'm going to cut off the bottom edges of them. You know what that? And then you're going to beat your scallion. What's the scallion going to do to you? You're going to beat that scallion like that scallion broke in your house and try to steal your man, bro. Try to steal my chanel, bro. Our pot is on. We're going to add five cups of water to our pot. Then we're going to dash in our scallions. And we're going to add our beans. Now guys, you could use, we're using red kidney beans, the goya kind, which is already cooked because it's in the can. But Jamaica's normally used the real peas, which you have to soak overnight. And then you have to like put it, let it cook in the pot for like a half an hour before it gets soft. So we're adding our peas now. And then what we're going to do is we're going to add some thyme. So make sure you rinse your thyme. I make sure you put out, we generally some on a thyme because that's what gives the rice a lot of flavor. So we don't have that much left, so I'm just going to use all of this. Then guys, we're going to add our classic coconut milk, grace of course. Now guys, this coconut milk is essential to our rice and beans. This is what gives it the flavor. Okay. This is that creamy, nice taste. I want to do that opening hour, not opening hour. No, that opening hour I try with the peas, it's an ungrino. Look at that. Now we're going to add some pimento seeds. Just a few guys. And then we're going to add some salt. And you stir. I think guys we're going to add some butter. Normally I put one stick of butter, but I don't have the stick butter now, so I'll just add some regular butter like this. And then you're going to add the pot, your pot, covered you with that. Cook down a little bit before you add the rice. So guys, when you're cooking your rice and peas, it's essential. It's very essential that you add some sugar to your rice and peas. That's what's going to give that sweet, nice taste. It makes with the coconut milk. And you just taste so good in your mouth and the peas in the soft, you have to add sugar. When they're white sugar, you have our brown sugar. Brown sugar is more healthy, but whatever you have, you're working with my love. So you're going to put, no matter what it's put, like two spoons in there. Two spoons of sugar. Right now at the time, you need to take out where more your sugar comes. And then we're going to add the brown sugar. Now we're going to add the sugar in it because sweetness to your pot. Now you're going to add your rice. Let's put in the number. Make sure to say it gets evergreen in our rice. We're going to whisk food around here. No food now, we're going to mix that around. You see that? And the color of the water is going to take the rice. The color of the water. So guys, I've realized there's too much water on the rice. And we want our rice to be very Shelley and nice. We don't want it to be soft and sappy like on potatoes, mashed potatoes. So we're going to take some of that water off until we can actually see our rice. And yeah, so we can have our perfect Shelley rice. So now that we have our rice cooking, we're going to check on our ox tails. Just to see the progress. Ooh, this looks good. Look at the richness of the gravy. Look at the brownness of the ox tail. Ooh, this is going to taste so good. Ooh. And we have 50 minutes left on the timer for the ox tails to cook. I'm excited. This is going to taste so good, Kirit. Guys, I'm in charge of the vegetable today. Okay, Kirit did the majority of the cooking. I'm doing the vegetables. And today for this vegetable, we're going to do... This is an old school Jamiakan type of vegetable. And anybody who's from the Caribbean, not just Jamaica, they know how this vegetable is made. All right, so you need some carrots. I mean carrots right here. And you need some cabbage. And you basically need some vanilla. Why do people say that? Why do you keep saying vanilla? It's a little bit bitter, but yes. And you need... You're going to add some sugar to it to balance that... ...vinega. Listen, people. When you're cooking, what is the best way to cook? Sweet and nice. So I'm not going to use all of this cabbage. I'm just going to use that quarter of it. So I'm going to put it in four and use a quarter. But I think I'm going to use all the carrots. And guys, essentially, the greater. Because, yeah. If you're carrying a little bit of a grater, then you're going to have a little bit of a rework. Passport. I have a birdpea. Yeah? So yeah, I'm going to use like... ...a half of this. I don't think I need more than that. Well, if I do, I may use the bigger slide. If I do, then I'll just... ...whatever. Now that I have my carrots and my cabbage gratered, it didn't really get come up the exact size that I wanted it, but that will work. I'm going to use a teaspoon of vinegar. Just a teaspoon. And then I am going to use a teaspoon of sugar. Just sprinkle it all over. And then you're just going to mix that all up together. This is bringing back so many memories. So guys, when cooking, there's not really any right measurement. You just go by your taste buds, right? But for us, I don't feel like for most Jamaican people too, they just go off their taste. I don't really have a measurement. Let me taste them. Mmm-hmm. Mmm-hmm. Mmm! That tastes good. Ooh! No summer buddies are going to eat this all the time. Every Sunday? That tastes really good. So vegetables are done. Rices on the... ...the stove almost done, and the octaves. How much time we got on the octaves? Still got 28 minutes on the octaves. Child, this octaves will be great. By the time my food had done, we dropped it down. It's not that bad. But we don't have the patents to fry. On the other kiln we below. Do we have them at Zorat? Ooh, I'm getting right on that. Oh, I don't really like frying my plants so quickly. Wait, do you need to add this? Oh no, in the last 10 minutes after we add the other beans. Okay. Okay guys, the octaves are boiling down, and the gravy is getting really thick. And we only have 12 minutes left on the timer. Show them, Carrie, the timer. So what we're going to do when I was adding or butterbeams. And guys, don't... I some people drain off the water, but I like to keep the water, because it gives the gravy a buttery taste also along with the beans. So I'm going to add that. Smok sales. I'm going to mix that in. And then when I'm done with that, I'm going to add my cover back for the remaining 10 minutes. I like that cook down. And then our octaves will be ready. And I was trying to fry our sweet plantains. As when frying plantains, you always want to lay down a piece of bounty or whatever napkin onto whatever plate or container you're going to place it in. After it is fried. And reason for that is you want the bounty or the napkin to suck up the oil, the excessive oil from the plantains that you used to fry. You want the bounty to suck it up. So yeah, always place a bounty or napkin on your plate or your container. So okay guys, the food is ready! Oh my god! I got one! I got one! Oh my god, I got one! I got one last time to eat! Oh my god! I'm hungry! I'm hungry! I'm already feeling like I'm staying up top now. I'm already feeling like I'm eating. I'm already feeling like I'm eating. Dinner is served, guys. Oh M G! This is so delectable! Look at this! Look at this! I know, yeah, I wish y'all was here right now to taste this food, honey. I know, y'all wish y'all was here! Oh, oh, Karen, you ready to eat, Karen, yeah. Karen, we eat it's ready, honey. Ooh, look at this ox tail. Ooh, look at this butterbees, girl. Ooh, what is planting, girl? Ooh, look at this vegetable. Look at this rancid piece! Ooh, I'm ready. My palate is ready, guys. So, guys, you already know what's going down. Listen, women tell us and we'll go for it. Yo, listen, I'm not eating. I'm not eating. I'm not eating. I'm not eating. I'm not eating. Look at this first. This is the rice with a little bit of gravy. Right, so great. I don't know, the mainly, bonk, bonk, fiction, where we taste our man. Here, watch what I'm doing. I'm going to see. Mmm. Bonk, bonk. What? Oh, bonk. Bonk, bonk. No, me, mom. Mmm. Wait, Karen, can you taste the ox tail? The gravy, you want? I'm going to taste the vegetable first. But I want to taste the ox tail, I'm afraid. I'm afraid that I'll taste too good. Mmm, wait, Karen. Listen. Okay, but I'll taste the ox tail at the same time, right? I'll taste some more rice. Listen. But no, I'll play with that food. But no, I'll play with that food. Come on, I'll see you before you're blood. No! Okay, but just a little bit more. But I'll see you later. I'll see you later. I'll see you later. No, I'll see you later. I'm going to have a... BOOM! BOOM! No, Karen! Well, now, I'll have to put my body in anymore. Are you done? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. People, people, no, the oxen I need grows. The oxen I need no, no, no. No, Karen, no, no. My four paws are coming. You can't pass me. The oxen I taste good, my darling. I've to let... I'm Karen. I don't have to admit that it's not the best I've said for my dear. I'm not be by us. NOSA! Mmmmmmmm!! Rest right now, let my money know more. What'm you saying? Mmmmm! Men are caring for tired, they're all dying. Ew. Everyone else is taking me to the mall. It's the food, the food. Listen... Mmmmmm!! Rest right now, walk across. I'm happy to have my money over the night! Mmmmmm! Mmmmmm!! NOSA! What are you cooking? Mmmmmm! This is a full net worth of calories. Full net worth of calories. Oh. Nose? Naman. Mmm-hmm. Mmm-hmm. Okay, we can't just somewhere to ask you. One piece of it, but you're not eating no more. Mmm-hmm. Mmm-hmm. The sweet one. Yeah, me. The sweet one. Nose? Mmm-hmm. Nose? Mmm-hmm. What can I do this? I thought of my grandmother and my auntie. Mmm-hmm. I was looking for a more of a cooking love. Nose or my palates? Yeah? No, I'm not telling you that's a god-blasted, I'm not a love. I'm not a palates. Nose, I use the Dutch facts. My palates are so much harder to... So wait a minute, I'll get tired of so much better. Naman, you don't say it. I said the food might have... I'm not saying I'm thinking about that. Nose! When food goes good, you have to die, right? Mmm-hmm. Nose! Mmm-hmm. Mmm-hmm. Not alive. Mmm-hmm. I'm this gravy? Are you dumb? You still have thick and nice of this? Mmm-hmm. Mmm-hmm. No, I'm really ugly in my self with this one. I'm gonna really disappear, but not alive. Mmm-hmm. Mmm-hmm. Mmm-hmm. Any other one? Let me know in the email. I'll just comment below. I'm gonna email you. I'm gonna comment below. I'm gonna email you. I'm gonna answer you with this according to the name. You know, I'm a taste boy that I love. I just told you the name of the soup. Naman, how much is this? I can't agree. I can't do it no more, people. People can't do it. Kill me now, you know, more. You can't do it? No, you know, in my food, you know? Mmm-hmm. Mmm-hmm. Nose and I have food as well, then. Mmm-hmm. People have all the time to go to the toilet, people. Listen. Mmm-hmm. I just want to... I have food. I'm not a fan of this. She's a human. The one. I would wish I could have a good one. I would wish I could have a good one. That's it. Don't you fight to a thing. Not sure if you're going to finish this offline. People, people got to go. People, people, people, people, what are they? People will be left with God of God. No, not true of the fact. People would have only both of us to go. Here, let's show that food off. Off camera. Okay, guys. So thank you so much for joining us for another segment of Back to In the Kitchen. We will see you in the next episode. I'm not sure if someone is going to cook up the meat in the middle. I'm not going to be the meat in the middle. I'm not going to see one of the food. Thank you. I'm going to turn off the video. The food is going to come out. We're going to finish that food. I'm going to finish that food. I'm not going to say that food. I'm almost going to carry it. We'll just be products. Get them. No, not that. Oh wait. We'll have to taste the potato. Do you know? Go ahead. Mmm. Mmm. No, man. People will die. People will die. I can't just the more people will die. Turn off the camera. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I know you wasn't about to leave without subscribing. And while you're at it, click the bell buttons so you can know every time we upload the video. And, girl, make sure you like this video. girl and leave a comment down below girl okay girl okay right now