 Hey everybody, it's time for Henry's Hatties, I'm going to show you how to make curry puffs. Let's get straight into it. So the first thing we need to do is bring out our puff pastry from the freezer so it defrosts. I'm using a pack that has six sheets in it. Now just bring across one brand I mean, and what we want to do is just dice this. You want to try and get it a bit of thin. Just like that. Now just into a pan, add about three tablespoons of vegetable all on a medium heat. And we'll add our onion straight in. Now add in two crushed garlic cloves. And mix up the water. Now we're going to add in 400 grams of baked means. Now adding a pinch of salt, about a teaspoon of cumin and half a teaspoon of black pepper. So you just want to continue cooking this until all the meat has brown. Once all you meat has brown, we're going to add in two spoons of a cup of pine nuts. And we'll mix that through. At this point, reduce the heat to a low. And we just want to cook it for about another two minutes, just to soften the pine nuts. So now I'm just going to add about one cup of mixed frozen vegetables. And this is a mixture of peas, carrots and corn. You can add more if you like, but obviously the main ingredient is the actual minced itself. So we just want to let that cook on a low heat until it completely cooks through. And the last thing we'll add is about one tablespoon of curry powder. And we want to mix that through as well. And once that's completely cooked through, we'll turn our heat off and just let that rest up. So guys, just pretty oven to 190 degrees Celsius now. And I've also just lined the baking tray with some baking paper. Now we'll set that aside. And just into a bowl, we're going to cracking one egg and add about two tablespoons of milk. And we just want to give that a quick mix. So we'll set that aside and start building our curry puffs now. So guys, by this point, you know, puff pastry should be full. So with each square, I'm going to cut it straight through the middle. And I'm also going to go through the middle on this side. So that we're left with four quarters. Now alternatively, you can cut it into thirds so you have smaller triangles. But that's just up to you. Now don't take the plastic off yet. It will be easier if you leave it on. Now with each of our squares, we want to add just a bit over a tablespoon of our mixture straight in. And we're going to bring our pastry across from one end and match the corners and the edges up. Just like so. Now you can take off the plastic. And just using a fork, you just want to push down on all the edges and crimp them down. Just like so. So make sure all the edges are still though. So guys, you should end up with something that looks like that. I've put mine on two separate trays. That's one tray wasn't legal. So all we need to do now is just give each of these a liberal brush of our egg wash. Once you've brushed them all, I'm just going to add some sesame seeds onto each one. This isn't necessary, but I find it does look really nice. You can also use poppy seeds if you prefer, or you can mix them both. Just like so. So guys, your oven should be preheated by now. Put them straight in. We're looking for a total baking time over around 18 to 22 minutes. We basically want a nice golden brown color. Okay guys, and there we have it. After a total of 20 minutes, we've got a beautiful golden pastry. And it has some of this amazing aroma. And just look at that. It's a decent, perfect appetizer to go before any sort of main dish. I hope you liked that guys. Please like and subscribe. If you're going to call in some suggestions, just leave them at the bottom. And I'll see you all next time.