 The long wind tonight is here and I wanted to show you how to bring a bit of sunshine into your kitchens by turning humble local seasonal produce into something exotic in the Indian way and this is how Indians would treat leeks, well in the most humble, vegetables. So using our formula, we always start vegetable dishes by heating a little bit of oil in a pan. Just enough oil for us to drop our most important head note spice into. This is going to dictate the overall flavour of the dish so it's one main spice. Our head note spice goes in and as soon as those begin to crackle, very important to crackle the spices. We add in our vegetables and we're on our way. So just toss those leeks into that spice oil and we're ready for our second and third spices. Remember we use a trinity of spices, we use re-spices when we cook any curry, turmeric, so that's a good teaspoon of turmeric and chilli to taste. It brings a lot of flavour and however much heat you want. So our free spice is on there now in this dish and the dish is spiced. As soon as those vegetables are soft, we're ready to consider the finishing flavours. We're at the closing stage of our curry already. So we need to season with a little bit of salt obviously. Now to accentuate the sweet of the leeks, I like to add a bit of sugar in. And finally with these green vegetables, I find that a good squeeze of lemon just raises the dish level. And then our dish is done. Can I show you a little tip? And this is a real home cooking tip. These are simply fried chana dal seeds. So basically it's chipy dal and you just take the raw seeds and fry them a little bit of all and become brown. They are a great thing to add into these soft vegetable dishes because they give it quite an interesting bite and texture. And they're really nutty, happy little additions. They enhance the dish visually and in terms of its texture and you're getting that lovely nutty undertone as well. So it's a surprise parcel with every mouthful. And there we have it. Our three spices today were nigella as our head note seed, chilli and turmeric. Just three spices are finishing flavours today. Salt, a bit of sweet and a good squeeze of lemon at the end. And then that little tip that I showed you of adding in fried chip peas.