 Hello, I'm Karen Ridgers from VeggieVisionTV and today I'm going to be sharing a healthy eating tip with you. I'm going to show you how to bake corn. Corn and sweet corn, absolutely gorgeous. You can of course just slice down here and equal raw. Great for barbecues, great for steaming as well. Today we're going to show you how to bake it though. So we've got two corns here. One we've already prepared and one has still got all of the leaves already on there. You can bake both of them just like this. So what I usually do is just slice off the top part of all of the leaves, get rid of that and literally pop that on your baking tray and roast in the oven. The same time we're going to show you a prepared one as well. Now you can add lots of different things to your corn before cooking, olive oil, dairy-free margarine, whatever you prefer. We really enjoy using some garlic. This is garlic puree. You can of course make your own garlic or garlic oil as well. We're cheating though and doing it the easy way and a little drizzling of oil. Now what we like about this is you can just get in and use your hands to coat the corn. Or if you don't really want to get your hands dirty, you can pour it on the foil and rub the corn all over what you've poured in the oil. But we like to get our hands dirty and really feel the food that we're eating. When that's all nicely covered, just simply wrap over and make sure the ends are folded up nicely as well. So we're going to pop both of these into the oven, checking them after about 20 minutes, depending on the size of the corn, can take about up to half an hour. So it's been about 25 minutes to half an hour. We've checked our corn and it's looking really good. So we're just going to get it out of the oven. And if you are doing corn, that is being baked in the leaves. The leaves do obviously leave it for a good 10 to 15 minutes to cool down and then you'll be able to handle it and unwrap the corn. So we're going to leave this now for about 10 minutes. So we've left the corn now for about 10 minutes and corn is just such a tasty vegetable. We're going to umpill the foil. There's about 177 calories in a corn, which isn't bad at all. Obviously if you add butter, then it's going to increase. Oh, this smells really nice with the garlic on there, really nice and shiny. You can see the ends are going slightly darker and if you just prod your knife in, oh that smells so good. And corn also contains folate and 25% of your daily recommended allowance for B1. That's a really good vegetable. Now with the ones that you've obviously roasted and baked with the leaves, they should come away really easily. Another reason I like these is it just looks so good as well on the plate rather than just already peeled. I would actually leave these leaves on. And if you've actually made a few of these, they look really nice or spread out with their leaves on. Some of this is going a bit dry so you can just simply snip it off. The leaves and the silk parts actually come away easily when you have roasted them. So there we go, that is how we bake corn.