 I just want to say hi to all my new subscribers that have checked out my journey. Recently I want to thank you guys so much. I appreciate all of you guys and thank you for stopping by and checking out my videos. If you are not a subscriber, I would love to have you guys here to join me on my journey. I am Jamie. I work full time and I have a two year old daughter. I am married to my high school sweetheart for almost, it will be eight years here soon. And I love making videos about my life. I love cleaning. I love keeping a clean house. I love an organized house. I love spending time with my daughter and my husband and eating and working out all of that. So join me here if you want to see videos about my life. So today I want to share with you guys the products that I use to keep my house smelling good or great or fresh and smelling. I have a two year old daughter. I have a fairly big dog, a 90 pound dog. I have a cat and a husband. So my house is going to smell. I think everyone's house smells right? And keeping a clean house and a good smelling house is very important to me. So what I want to share with you guys are the products that I use on a daily basis to keep my house smelling good. I'm very sensitive to smells. I've always been sensitive to smell. So I think because of that, that's why making sure my house smells good is very important to me. I'm very self conscious about having people coming over that don't have a dog or a cat. And I don't want it to smell like a dog house or a cat house. I don't even want them to know that we have any pets. So I really have two categories as far as products for you. Products that I use to make my house smell really good. One, products that I actually have to turn on or light. So that would be like candles or wax burners or diffusers, things like that. Those are things that I have to think ahead of time. I have to realize, oh, I'm having company come over later and I don't want it to smell like a dog. So I have to make for sure I'm lighting that candle enough time or turning on the burner, whatever it is. So that's one. And then the other category would be things that I do just more on a daily basis to keep my house fresh because people come over when you're not expecting them or at the last minute. So yes, I like to light a candle and I usually always do before somebody comes over. But sometimes that's not an option. So I will also share with you the products that I use to try to combat those smells that are in our house. And the first one I have is something I think a lot of people use. It's a candle. It's kind of the first line of defense that people go to make their house smell good. So this is a bath and body works candle. I get these, you know, especially during the fall, Christmas time and like my house to smell like the time of year ultimately. So I use these all the time and I think they do a pretty good job. I'm kind of brand loyal to bath and body works just because I know they work and I don't want to buy a candle for 15 or 20 dollars and then you get at home and it doesn't smell well. I've done that before and I just feel like it's a waste of money. So I just stick with what I know works. I love these bath and body works candles. I kind of have them in all areas in my house. So let me know if you guys have any candle brands that you think do an awesome job. I don't want to waste my time. I don't want to waste my money if it's not doing a good job. So let me know in the comments down below. The other thing that I use that I have to turn on would be something that I'm sure you guys are familiar with. Sensey. That's just the brand name. If you're not familiar with it, it's just these wax melt bars that you can put in a burner. It just uses a light bulb. You can do this. I can turn it on and leave it on for a long time. And I also, as long as it's up high, I don't have to worry about my daughter getting it. So I like these. Now I will say the downfall to a Sensey or something similar is that you do have to get this from a consultant. I have someone very close to my family that I get it from. So it makes it so easy because I know a lot of those products that you have to get from somebody can be more of a hassle. But most of the stores, like I know Walmart sells their own brand and they're actually really good. The Better Home and Garden. Better Homes and Garden. I could make that a better home. I don't know. Better home. You probably know what I'm talking about if you shop at Walmart. But their wax melt are very good. They do an awesome job. And I use them as well as the Sensey brand. So the other category that I was talking about is I like to have my house smelling good, even when I don't have a candle burning or the burner on because people are going to come over last minute, things are going to happen. So these are the steps that I kind of take. I will tell you it starts with a clean house, keeping a clean house. And I feel when you do clean, you can smell it. I love it when my husband will come home and he's like, oh, good job cleaning. I can smell it. So I love the smell of a clean home. So that's number one. That's really important. But also using the right cleaning products. So something that I use for Breeze Fabric. And I'll just put this on our couch bed linens, all of that. And the time we don't let our dog get on the couches or chairs. Our cat of course does. And of course my daughter does. But I don't think it ever hurts to sprit something on there to make that and like the throw pillows smell pretty good. So I use that. I also use these downy unstoppable. So of course these are meant to be used in your laundry, which you can and it'll make your clothes in your laundry smell great. So that's one thing. But I also will take these and you put them in a little jewelry bag. I've even used those little bags. What are they? They're the bags for delegates that you use it up, the little holes in it. You put your delegates in the laundry. Something like that. And I put these in there and then I'll stick them in like we have a leather ottoman that has our blankets in it that we just use if we get cold or whatever. And it just makes those blanket smell good. So when someone grabs a blanket, you can smell these and you can really put those anywhere. Put that little jewelry bag or laundry delicate bag in your dresser drawers. So your clothes will smell good. So you can really put these anywhere in a lot of different places. Back to bathroom body works. I do use the wall flowers. Some of you are probably familiar with these. They just plug into the wall and you can it comes out of the top. You can see it's a little need to clean it. But I put these one in the upper of my house and then one in the main area. I think they do a pretty good job. So we will use those baking soda. Now that is of course, I'm always talking about baking soda. But I have two different kinds that I use. Now baking soda in general is a good odor absorber. So you can really put it in like a bowl or anything in your house and it will help absorb smells. But what I will do with this one, specifically this is for your fridge or freezer. We keep this in our fridge to absorb any odors in your fridge. And then I have this one pet fresh carpet odor eliminator. And we just sprinkle this on our carpets. Let it sit for about 15 or 20 minutes and you just vacuum it up in that baking soda. Well, not only get up any surface dirt but deodorize your carpet. And there again with a dog and a cat. I feel like this is essential. And I think, well, I know you can just use regular baking soda. But we just kind of grab this because that's kind of what it's made for. But it does a really good job. And I think our carpet smell is pretty good too. And next is vinegar. I use this guy all over my house. And absorbing odors is another great benefit of using vinegar in your house. So I will just what I've mainly used it for when my husband cooks certain things. I always like specifically hamburgers. I don't know when we make them in the house. I just, the smell just really bothers me. It has always bothered me specifically that any other cooking smells just in a shallow bowl put some vinegar in there. And let it sit there and it will absorb the smell in that room. You use that mainly for cooking but you can really use it for any smell that's in the air at your house. I also have some fabric softener sheets. So these do a good job of course in your laundry make it close smell good. But you can also use these in the bottom of your trash can. Because garbage can get kind of smelly. Drop them in the bottom of your trash can. Or you can put these in your dresser drawers between your clothes. I actually just used these because we went out of a vacation. As a lot of you guys know I've been talking about it. And I put these when I packed in my suitcase. So when we got to our resort my clothes smelled like fresh laundry which was kind of great after being shut up in a suitcase for a period of time. So these are something else that you can use all over your house. I also use lemon all over. This isn't a little bag because I've been using it in my water. So it's kind of great because you can use lemons so many different places in your kitchen. So it's something you may already have on hand. So I like it because I can use it in my water. And then when I'm done with my water in the evening I just pop it in my garbage disposal. So it's good at cleaning your sink. Put it in the garbage disposal and it cleans and gets everything. All that food or whatever is in there helps make it smell better and clean it up a bit. And it does an awesome job. So this is a win-win because you can use it so many areas of your house. And the last tip would just be opening the windows. I know that's kind of a no-brainer. Open your windows as much as you can which I know sometimes if you live in cold climates you can't do that in the winter. But that's one of the main things I like to do when I really feel like our house just feels smell stale or need some fresh air. I just open the windows. So that is a good tip as well. And I want to thank you guys for checking out this video. Give me a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. And if you guys have any tips on how you make your house smell good, let me know. I've heard a lot of good things about oil diffusers. I think that's what they are diffusers. So if you guys have any experience with that, let me know because I'm definitely willing to try that out. I've been kind of damaling a little bit in some essential oils, but I've not really gotten into it. So let me know if you guys have tried that and maybe I will check it out. So I will see you guys next time. Thanks for watching my video.