 Hi guys, Kirk and Jay here with Kirk, your Donald Plastering. Today I got some tips on laughing. Two weeks ago we did a video and we showed a lot of our vents and why to use louver vents. A lot of people corrected me because I said louvular and they all said like your brother, louver vents and so on and so on. I had so many responses that a lot of other people asked me other questions like Kirk, what kind of paper to use, what gunner you're using, things of that nature. So I'll point it out real quick. Generally we'll use in a jumbo text. Jumbo text make two layers of papers. This is spot glued but it's two layers, one, two. That's code guys. You got to have two layers. It's a 60 minute paper. The guns we're using, I like these St.Cole. This is a 200 XP. I believe it is. 200 XP. This is a laughing gun, L-A-T-H-I-N-G, L-A-T-N. Not L-A-T-H-E, that's laid, the laid machines you carve wood out of and spins it. You could also use a St.Cole 150 XP. And that's for roofing as well as stucco or lath wire. This is the netting we used. Now what kind of netting is this? They have 17 and 18 gauge. Both of work guys. And there's only one way to put this on. You can put it on backwards and most of the people who we come and we do work for, I'll get there and I'll say, well, do it. You guys last this whole garage or this whole house backwards and they go, what do you mean? Where it curves out, this is how it's supposed to go on because it's fird. I'll show you when we get to the side. It's fird. Meaning the fird goes here and pushes it out. Kind of like dobes. That way the stucco can get under and over. So it's in the middle. And just if you put it this way, the fird is useless and it just makes the stucco a bit weaker. Anyway, I'm going to get back to the fellow who says, gee, he has asked me about corners reinforcing corners with paper. You guys can do this too. What we generally do is we'll put our paper this way. We'll come across six inches. Then we'll put a piece this way and come over this way six inches so that the corner is double wrapped. What we did here is we just put some this peel and stick. And right here where the guy got cute and he put a copper Z-flash and you can do that but you don't really have to. But if you do do that then we have got to avoid the electrolysis now. The electrolysis is the, this is why this flashing here is galvanized. So you can't put galvanized over copper electrolysis. One will fail and you can bet it's the galvanized will fail before the copper. Copper will eat right through it in a hundred years like we're going to be here that long. But we're longevity. We have to go by the rules. So what we've done is I put a piece of this peel and stick over the copper flashing. And now we put here this paper goes this way. We're going to tack this down and then use the wire. But why don't we go over here and I'll show you what how we staple this off. This 200 XP just load the staples like that. And how long are the staples? These are here in 1.25. Seven eighths of the leg has got to be in the studs so I have to account for the shear wall or the plywood. Shear wall and plywood is a bit different so I got to make sure we got it right. Alright let me give myself some hose and I'll show you a couple more tips and by the way guys that video I was talking about where I got so much response from home. As I said Jake Kirk can you do a few more on the lathe and go more in the detail. So what I'll do is when I'm done with this video if you scroll down into the description I'll put the other video in which has a lot of other tips for you folks who are doing remodels, additions, add-ons, whatever you want to call them, extensions, garages, and whole houses. Now what we do is here's our paper. This is two ply paper, two ply jumbo text. Alright we find the studs. Studs are every 16 inches guys no matter if it's a house or a garage. So once you've found one stud I can use my gun right here and boom I'm almost 16. I don't even have to market but I market and we read and we market basically in yellow that's what these crayons for. That way you can see the yellow on the black especially. And when you're doing your staples every six inches you just end to a fur. I'm kind of going into a fur guys. That means I'm not in the field and we're going to talk about in the field in a second. For the sake of another question they said should you put a staple right in here sometimes if this is sticking way out where stuck is only inch thick, seven eighths technically. If it's sticking way out like that and you know you're going to put the stuckle on and the wire is going to be too far out you can go in the field it's not going to hurt anything. I'll show you something else too. Okay we got corners we got wire that's self-furt it's the right way. When we get ready to do this guys in another week we've got a cool thing to show you guys how we apply it. It is really cool so not this week but the following week Jay will take that video and upload it. We're going to be doing this. This is a tiny garage guys. We're going to be doing that and we're going to be doing here of course. We've got one other side over on the there plus the front. Again when we get ready to apply this plaster we've got a couple machines that are somewhat state of the art and new and get this they run on 110. You guys say what the heck is that? Most machines run on 220 in their nightmares to use because I can't find 220. I once had to send a whole crew home because we couldn't hook up 220 and I had electrician with me so I couldn't do it. So next week we're going to show you a simple way and this is for you contractors. Home owners you probably won't need the machine but contractors this machine I'm going to show you soon. You're going to look at it you're going to say wow I'm going to get me one of those and they're going to sold all over the place too especially at Westside building materials and other plastering yards. Anyway guys my name is Kirk Jason on the camera as usual live long and plaster. By the way folks my dad and I are now members of Amazon affiliates so if you're looking to buy any of the plastering or construction tools you've seen in our videos and you want to support us in the process you can check the links below our video or you can go to our website and get them there. If you have any other questions that for tools we don't have linked email us direct and we'll respond to you then. Once again folks we thank you for watching and I really enjoy all your comments. If you guys like this video please click the like button down below and also if you enjoy what we do subscribe to our channel so we can keep making these videos for you. My name is Kirk and Jay. We thank you for watching and from the entire Jodhanna family we'll see you on the next one.