 Hey guys, just wanted to give you a little update today on what I'm going to be doing. Right now I'm getting ready to head to Home Depot to pick up a few things that I need to finish some projects that I've got going on. Go figure, I have about 20 at a time, so that's pretty normal. Today I want to get done covering my love seat. I've already done the sofa and posted it before and after picture, so I kind of want to give you a fast forward walkthrough, I guess, of how I did that. Today I also want to get done my ugly green chairs that I had been working on. I've gotten the one gutted down to nothing and I'm starting to add the fabric to it, so I will definitely do a tutorial. So stay tuned and don't forget to subscribe below. I want to go ahead and just get started by kind of showing you my setup here. I'm going to be slippe-covering my love seat today. So let me show you the love seat again. Three basic beige couch. If you've seen my previous blog posts, you'll know that we kind of inherited those from neighbors that were moving. When you are young and broke, that's just what you do. We had them professionally cleaned. So here is my cute little kitty. So here I have my copy table set up with my sewing machine on it. That just seems to be what works for me as a setup. I know it's not very professional. This is where I'll be doing my magic. Once again, here is the love seat. Here is the finished couch. So let's get started. So you want to make sure that this is inside out. Eventually it will be right side out after you've sewn. So right now I'm just kind of lining up the back hem of this drop cloth with the bottom of the floor. And leaving just a little overhang so that I have enough to hem into the seat or just sew the seams. You pay attention to my sofa lip cover. You'll notice that I have this seam here across the couch. There really was no way of doing a way with that with this size of a drop cloth. So these aren't perfect. These drop cloths seem to kind of see this run in the fabric, which is okay with me. I'm okay with a little bit of a rustic look. So again here at the corner, I'm going to leave it out in the intro to so that I have enough to sew my pieces together. I've got a run here in my fabric which I'm actually going to use as a guide to cut my straight line. I wish you could see the ground right now. The top is already totally hiding under it like as a tank. This will actually then act as the bottom skirt as well. So the front is closely at the bottom of the drop cloth. You've got like a really thin hem. Which is good. I'm going to kind of bring it in here and kind of show you what I'm doing with the bottoms here. So you're going to have some excess right here and I'll show you how we're going to attach that and make our pleat like we did on the sofa. So from here I'm going to cut the piece that's going to cover this area right here. So I found out from covering the couch that the excess that you have leftover from the cutting your main body piece works really perfect for covering the arm of the chair. So pretty much you just cut the piece in half where the hem that they placed is just cut that in half. Again you're going to use the part that was pretty hemmed as your bottom. This is what's going to touch the ground. At this point it doesn't really matter what is front and what is back to this piece because we're getting red as all of the hem except for that bottom and that bottom doesn't have a right side out. So from this point we're going to do again we're going to match the hem up with the length of the floor. You can match it with the back corner as well and it'll kind of keep everything nice and square. Just match it at that corner. I like to use these bright ended pins when doing a pull treat just makes it easier to find the pin and especially if you drop one on the floor. I don't recommend doing this with a cat in the house. Pretty. You are making this so difficult. So from this point we are going to just kind of line up both pieces to make a nice quarter. You're going to want to try to stay consistent with the shape of the couch so making your pinning as snug as possible. This doesn't need to be super fitted. Any areas that you have a little extra fabric or excess can be kind of tucked into the creases of the couch and with people setting on it you want there to be a little bit of give. So from here I'm going to go ahead and cut off the excess and then I'll bring the camera around and show you what I've gotten accomplished so far. So you can kind of see here in this view of my pins kind of outlining the general shape that I need. This seam here is going to sit in that crevice between the back pillows and the armrest to kind of see. I personally like taking the slip cover off and sewing it in sections versus sewing it all at one time and then screwing up the entire thing. I like to tweak it as I go so I will take this off but this will take it to my sewing machine. So what I have started kind of a long process I know but it just made it a lot better. So that is exactly what I'm going to do. So I have carefully taken my slip cover off of the couch. Another important thing you want to make sure that you're sticking your pins in correctly. I did mine backwards this time I thought I was doing them the right way and I did mine backwards. You want them to be placed so that you can pull them towards you out as you sew. I clearly don't know. Top from bottom and did mine backwards. So you want to make sure that those are placed correctly before you continue on. Another important thing I'm using the Singer Simple 2263 sewing machine. I do recommend getting a heavy duty needle and a poultry type needle and to use a brand new one when starting a project with really thick material. You're going to have a lot less hassle. I also am using Dread from here I'm just going to go ahead and start sewing. I don't recommend this setup with your sewing machine on the coffee table if you don't sew regularly. So I'm just going to follow along my pin line and pull my pins out as I go. That would have been much smoother had my pins been in the right direction. And if you're curious about my sewing machine settings I am only on a one length and on a single straight stitch. Okay, so I have made it to the end of where I had pinned. So I am going to take this over there lay it back on continue pinning and then we're calling my next section. After I have placed the fabric back on the couch after sewing that little bit of section back there I went ahead and pinned the rest of the way down the I'll back up here so you can see down the crease. That will get tucked into the area between the back of the couch and the arm rest. And then from here I went ahead and trimmed down the front of the couch and added in a piece and just kind of pinned out that shape attaching the two. So from here I'm going to go ahead and attach this excess you see right here to this. I'm going to go ahead and attach that. I'll show you how to do that. This area back here I will worry about last that does not need to be perfect. We have cushions that are still going to be placed on this couch. So I will show you how I do attach this to this and out of plate. So from here I'm going to go ahead and take this piece of fabric and attach it to both this piece here on the side and this upper piece. I'm going to attempt to make my hem pretty well flush here with this edge of the couch to the front. So you're going to see that this is really awkward and it's going to need to be cut in some way shape or form. So I will start pinning and show you how to do that. I'm going to go ahead and just kind of match up my two corners here, the outer corner over here and the front corner. And again remember to have your pins run the direction that you're pulling them out when you're sewing on sewing machine. So from here I'm going to go ahead and make a cut but I'm going to leave about an inch more than I actually want. That way I can attach it to the next piece about it. I'm just going to make a slit almost all the way to the corner. So you'll see here how I have a little bit of slack in the fabric. So that's what I'm going to use to make my pinch plate. This here flat you can pin this up out of the way while you do your pleat. And then you can just pin it to itself. You can even need to cut a little more. So from here you're going to pull in your fabric. I'm going to pull this in. I would say it's about a fourth of an inch. You're going to pull it in on both sides. And then from here you're going to attach it to that flap that you pinned up out of the way. You're just going to hurry and below where you just end. You attach the two. You're going to get the corner over here and it's going to be really easy to just awkward. So from there we'll take this off. We will sew it and then we will connect the inside pieces. So from here you can see that I completed the exact same steps that I did prior on the other side. And any excess fabric that I had between the back and the armrest I just tucked in between. So now I will go ahead and cover the cushions and place those and be done. Because here you can see I finally have both completed. Don't mind the NFL draft poster. It would be my husband. We're having a draft party next weekend. So we are finally done. Thank goodness.