 I'm just gonna very gently massage that out kind of going around like this and you can see it came right out. No problem whatsoever. So I'm from here to find a house, either mine, but before you go, is where the husk is separated, passion burners, all I ever know. I can smell their appliances. Hey, good morning, checkies. Welcome to the vlog today. Guess where I'm at? Right, I'm at BHB Revdowns at my HQ, and I have a crazy busy day of egg collecting today. Again, I'm trying to mix things up a little bit. I don't want to overboard you guys with egg collecting, but I know some of you guys like it. So I'm gonna get right into it if you don't mind. This happens to be a head sunkiss strawberry corn snake, and she has a clutch of eggs. We'll go ahead and pull her out right here. Where you going, Mom? What are you doing? Good job, girl. Way to go. And you can kind of see that she actually pushed the moss back, which means that some of these eggs are just a little bit dented, which is not a big deal. I've talked about that before. They rehydrate pretty well, so we'll get them in some for micking laps. Just right. Yeah, and we might even put just even a little bit of moss on top of them, just to make sure that they're okay. So anyway, she has two, four, six, seven, and she did have one little slug egg right here that's no good. And what I'm gonna do is I'm just gonna take a little bit of this moss, and I'm just gonna put it right on top of that egg right there. And that'll just help with kind of the moisture to kind of pop that clutch a little bit. You know, again, probably would be okay without it, but it's not gonna hurt it that way. So anyways, we've got a handful of clueless clutches, and I think we have like six ball python clutches today, so it's a great day to be a snake breeder. What do you say? We just have an awesome day together. We have a lot of work to do. Let's get going. I'm pretty excited about this clutch, because I just love high white albino, black and white calkings. Look at how beautiful that girl is. And she is ready to, whoop, she's ready to eat. Don't you do it, don't you, what are you doing, silly? What? What is going on? I can't get her off. Okay, there she goes. Woo! She was a silly monkey. I tell you what, she wanted to take a little chomp on my hand here. So we'll go ahead and get her in, get her some water, and actually feed her on later today. So I will get some food in there. Ooh, look at the size of that clutch. Oh my gosh, she laid a beautiful clutch. Two, four, six, eight, ten. Beautiful egg. Tell this egg got rolled a little bit, and this egg got rolled a little bit too. So we'll go ahead and candle those just to make sure they're upright. This one might be a little bit too. So wow, look at that ten eggs from that girl. Oh my god, and those hatch outs so gorgeous. Okay, here's another ghost everglades rat. I showed you guys last time. These guys are just crazy. They usually just destroy their cage, and they lay eggs all over the place. And you can see the spagged moss is all over the place. These guys are just as soon as you open up, they want to bite you. Don't, look at her roll the eggs. Don't do that silly. Don't, don't. I got to take a bite just to get her off the eggs. Then I have to do out. Gosh, you sucker. Woo, man. That is one angry snake. What are you doing? Oh, come on, come on. Come on. You go in there, go in there. Oh, and you guys are lucky you can't smell too. Because the worst thing about these guys is when they get that kind of attitude like that, you can see she got me just a little bit, but they also musk and the musk is so stinky. I'd rather get bit than musk. Oh, and again, they're really cool snakes when it's not right after laying eggs. But hey, anyways, she laid a beautiful clutch. I'm going to have to candle all of these because she rolled them all over the place. Let's go ahead and just get them up here, and then I'll go ahead and take them into a dark room and get these things all handled up. Oh, what a crazy monkey. Okay, so we got two, four, six, eight, ten, twelve, fourteen, fifteen eggs. That's not bad for that girl. She gave me a run for my money, but I will get those handled in the incubator rocks. All right, so on to a heck-al-bino Nelson's Melksnake. Bread to an albino Nelson's Melksnake. Let's see what she laid here. Oh, that bad. We got two, four, six, good eggs. Not a bad clutch, y'all. Again, Nelson's don't lay a lot of eggs, but hey, I'll take six eggs every day of the week. And this was an albino Nelson's that I caught laying eggs yesterday. So let's see what she got in there. Ooh, it looks like a nice clutch. Good job, mom. Way to go. All right, let's pull them out here and count them up. That looks like a pretty decent clutch for such a small girl. Let's see what she's got here. She's got two, four, six, seven eggs. Not bad at all. All right, guys, I have a situation that I just thought I would share with you because I'm all about educating you about things. Remember I've talked before about snakes getting egg-bind? And for whatever reason, well, I had a hunter and Melksnake, the other one that was starting to lay yesterday. She lay three good eggs and she's just stuck. And it seems like she's just out of energy. So I'm going to try to help her push that egg out. It's called aspiration. And I'm going to take this probe and I'm just going to go in and slowly try to see if I can't get an egg out. And then she's got, I think she's got two eggs in her. So I'm going to try one. I'll let her rest for a little bit. Go back and get the other one out. So let me just show you what I mean by this. You can see this is her right here. And you can see these two very definitive lumps in her. And one, it looks like a really big egg right down at the end. And I think I might be able to get this one out. And again, I'm just going to go right in here with that vent and try to see if I can't find the egg. And see right there? I'm just going to very gently massage that out kind of going around like this. And you can see it came right out. No problem whatsoever. So listen, this egg may very well not be any good. But that may save her life. She's got one more big egg left in her. I'm going to go ahead and put her back in the nest box right now. And see if she'll pass that last egg. If not, I'll go back later on today. And hopefully she'll have pushed that egg closer to the vent. And I can take that other egg out just like this. And you can see this is what a fresh egg feels like. Very, very gluest and it hardens up a little while. And you can see there is an embryo right here on the top. Again, doubtful that this egg will be any good because it just got stuck in her too long. So there's a very short window of time that they need to lay or that embryo will actually suffocate. We'll set it up in the egg box. Probably won't have to. But I just want to save her life. And I think this was a good step towards it. Hopefully we'll go back and get that last egg out. And hopefully she'll survive this one. All right, just a couple more clutches to go. And this one is the scaleless Texas rat snake. So we'll see. She looks like she's already thought of her box. But I want to show you this. You know how I always leave the shed skins in just so that, you know, I know that she actually is due to lay. Look at how weird that shed look. That is actually what a scaleless snake shed looks like. It's really bizarre. They've got the scales on the underside. But the other side is just smooth. It's really bizarre. So, okay, we'll get some water back in with her. Get that shed cleaned out here later on and go ahead and feed her. Let's see what kind of egg she has here. All right, she's got one, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Looks like that's it. Seven eggs. Not seven eggs. That's kind of a small clutch for those guys. Typically they're laying 10 or 12. But hey, those are seven big eggs. In the last clubrid clutch for the day would be an apricot, equivalent milk snake. Let's see what she laid. She's out of her box. So that means she certainly is done. Let's go ahead and see. All right, good. Not bad. Four good eggs. I'm going to complain about that. It's not a bad way to end the day. We're going to head down to the basement because we have a bunch of ball python eggs. So my egg pooling is not nearly done for the day. Is that okay with you guys? Okay, what do you say we get started with the first clutch? This just happens to be a normal ball python bred to a scaleless head male. So let's see what we have. Ooh, it looks like a nice clutch of eggs. Come on, mama. You kind of give them up. Okay, good job. Way to go. Look at that. Two, four, five eggs. And that's it. Ooh, she's still looks really good. I mean, it didn't seem to take any energy out of her at all. I mean, take a look at her. You wouldn't even think that that girl laid right there. I mean, that's crazy. And that's what's weird about some snake. Sometimes, you know, a snake looks completely depleted like they put so much of their energy into it. And other times like that, snake looks like, ah, didn't even lay. Ready to breed again. Which is good because next year she's probably going to be in really good shape to breed. Next up is actually a yellow belly that's bred to a super pastel lesser spinner. So let's see what she has here. Ooh, that's a nice clutch too. Look at that. Oh, come on, girl. There we go. Oh, look at how big that clutch is. Two, four, six, eight, nine, eggs. Oh, doggy. Now, that's going to be a really beautiful clutch. But again, super pastel lesser spinner. So that means that it's, ah, everything's going to be pastel. And then it could be lesser spider, pinstripe, and yellow belly. And a whole bunch of combinations thereof. So, wow, what a beautiful clutch of eggs. Okay, next girl is actually the exact same breeding. It's a yellow belly bred to a super pastel lesser spinner. Ironically enough, but it's way up top. So I'm going to have to take this clutch down and see what's in here. Ooh, looks like a pretty good clutch of eggs. Take a look at this, guys. Look at her. Ooh, she looks good. She looks a little bit unhappy too. Oh, come on, girl. Let go of them. Okay, there's a couple little sluggers in here. There's one slug here. And there's one slug on the other side of this, right over here. So there's two slugs, which is set to the side. But other than that, there's two, four, six, eight good eggs. So hey, eight good eggs, a couple slugs, not bad. It's a 10-eight clutch, but at least eight of them are fertile. And again, that's that same crazy combination of all kinds of cold stuff. So two clutches lay the same day they could yield. So I hope one of those two clutches gives me some really beautiful animals. This girl is actually a pinstripe. She's bred to an extreme gene banana. Looks like she's got a lot of eggs. Wow, what do you got going on under here, girl? Let's see. Oh, look at you. Not too bad. Two, four, six, seven. But seven big eggs. Look at the size of these eggs right here. I mean, they are absolutely awesome. And again, look at how big that girl is. So you're starting to see how different size females can lay hugely different size eggs and clutch sizes. I mean, that's probably one of the biggest girls that we've had today. And she only ate seven eggs, but they're seven really big eggs. That little slightly smaller girl, they, you know, ten eggs. And the other one, they ate nine eggs. So you kind of see how you just never know what you're going to get. Now, there is some truth to the fact that females that come from a large clutch. So this mom laying seven eggs, her babies are probably going to have a tendency to lay bigger eggs in smaller clutches. One that lays 10 or 12 or 14 eggs has a tendency of their offspring to lay larger clutches. So you can manipulate that a little bit through genetically just keeping the animals that have the largest clutches. But that can work against you, say, in corn snakes. You don't want to corn snake to have more than about 21 eggs because the babies are too small and then they don't eat well. But with ball pythons, you don't have to worry about that. And last clutch of the day is actually a specter ball pythons bread to a pastel ivory. So everything is going to be yellow belly. So I should have a bunch of super stripes and also some pastel super stripes and various other things. So take a look at this girl. She looks like she's on a huge clutch of eggs. Woo! Come on girl, I'm not going to hurt you. I promise. Okay, look. Oh my gosh. Look at the clutch of eggs, guys. Holy moly. That is a monster clutch of eggs right there. Look at that. Oh my gosh. Wouldn't need two hands for this one. Let's see if we can get them all here. Woo! That's a big clutch of eggs right there. Mom is not happy at all. Come on girl, that's okay. Oh gosh. Look at the size of that clutch. That clutch is two, four, six, eight, ten, eleven eggs. That is the last clutch of the day, guys. And we ended it really well. 11 eggs from that ball pythons. So there we have it. There's the egg pulling for the day. Let's go see what else is going on with Laurie. So guess what, guys. Laurie just got back from the store and she told me. I didn't even know it's Zeus's birthday. Hey, how are you brushing Zeus's? So how old is he now? Three, four. He's four, no way. He's four, and officially hopefully done with the puppy stage. German Shepherd or puppy symbol? That's what the vet said three to four years. And he has a last year. Yeah. Puppy for four years. So what did you get him? Well, let's see. Oh, Zeus's your guy from a birthday tree. Happy birthday, Zeus. Happy birthday, Zeus. Happy birthday, birthday. Already. Already wants to get it on it. Well, that's a toy, but he gets a happy birthday bar. And don't worry, guys. Actually, Laurie, I could see Laurie got some stuff. And some people have asked me because already wasn't feeling good the other day. She's doing much, much better now, thankfully. And she's got some treats too, so that this is your birthday. Happy birthday, Zeus. Happy birthday, Zeus. Oh, my gosh. Three, two, one. Zeus. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Yay. It's like a happy toy. And there's already the dainty, already the difference. Zeus eats like a pig. Already has like a little dainty girl. You're such a good girl. Look at that big bone. And big bones are already gone. So there it is. It's awesome. I can't believe that Zeus has been a part of our life for almost four years. And already is like eight years old? She's nice. She's going to be 10 in January. Oh, my gosh. Isn't it amazing how puppies become such a part of your family? I can't imagine life without these two dogs. Zeus, four years old, buddy. Good job, boy. Good job, buddy. All right, guys, I'm going to end the vlog here. Thank you so much for tuning in today. You guys mean the world to me. And you guys have been slaying it lately in that first hour I upload the video. Typically getting about 4,000 plus views. And dropping a few hundred comments on me. I love you guys. And you know that I always comment back. At least the first hour. And then later in the day, I go back and read your comments and comment as much as I possibly can. But you guys are killing it. Please keep it up. And let's get to that 300K subscriber mark. We are so close. Regardless you guys have an amazing rest of your day or evening or whatever it might be. Do me a favor and smash that like button and hit that notification bell. Make sure to be kind to somebody today. And I promise I'm going to see you guys tomorrow.