 Hey YouTube, welcome back to Better Down Yourself. Today I'm better than yourself. Tabacay! Tabacay is a fermented Mexican drink made out of pineapple rhymes. You've probably cut up a couple of these in your lifetime. I'll show you how to cut one up. Well, how I cut one up the easiest way I think. And I'm going to throw away all the rhymes and I hate that. I hate throwing away stuff that I could be fermenting. So this is a great summertime drink. It's sour, the kind of like lemonade. It's a little sweet because of the residual sugar that doesn't ferment out. And it's good for you because it's got lots of probiotics and lots of natural bugs in it going on. So it actually kind of comes out a little carbonated. We'll talk about how to carbonate it towards that part. But basically what you do is you cut up a pineapple, add in a little bit of spices, some sugar, and then just let it ferment in some warm water at room temperature for about a week, and then pour it off and drink it. So super easy to make, fun to make, and delicious. So let's get to work. First thing is the pineapple. Take the top off and the top and the bottom. You should call this a tutorial on cutting pineapple. Basically what I want to do is just cut all the way around and remove all the rhyme. And then I'm going to remove this center, this tough woody part. That's not good eating. So you can just kind of guide your knife down the deeper you go, the more of this that you get. So I'm going to do two passes here. I'm going to go around and I'm going to cut all the rind off. And then I'm going to go around and cut a little deeper to make sure I get all those eyes. So here you can see. And depending on how much of those eyes you feel like you need to get rid of, I usually leave a little bit, gives it a little bit of texture, makes it interesting to eat. But cut off a good bit of many way. Good enough. Okay. Like I said, we're going to save all these rinds and stuff them all in a jar of this, all of this. All right, we've got that. Put aside. We were going to eat this pineapple, right? So just put the pineapple in the quarters. And then you need to remove this woody part here. This, and you can just kind of figure out where your knife is going to go and slice it out. Put those in your jar. And so now you've got three more bits to do. Come on, I get that woody center out. Looks good. One more. Trim your bits here. That looks a little woody. That looks like a seed. Okay, just put all these right in the jar. There's a big little eye. There's a couple little bits here. All right, as for these babies, I usually try to do like triangles like you get if you're by pineapple in the store. So figure out how to cut this guy into triangle shapes. And then it's just a matter of cutting these into slices. And you've got pineapple chunks. So just carve out your triangles here. And then slice the long pieces. And that's how you make kind of pineapple. But no, you can't learn how to make tapache. Let's make tapache. You need one jar of pineapple rind and just a couple of other things. I like these a lot. These are dried chipotle's. They come, I've had them in the produce department. If you look around, you can find these little packages of different herbs and stuff. And these are just dried chipotle's. They're basically a chili that's been smoked and dried. So throw one of those in. Simmy stick. Stick that down in there. And then we're going to ferment this. But we're going to ferment this as a beverage. And we need to add a little bit more sugar. So this is a half gallon jar I'm doing. This is a cup of brown sugar. You can use the Mexican traditionally used a pino seal. You can buy it in the supermarket sometime. If you have a good ethnic section in your supermarket, look for it. Comes in a brown cone about this big wrapped up in selving. I've even seen them in corn husks wrapped up and you can buy them there. Trink wrapped. But so ask your supermarket guy for your, for his BLCO. Or you can just use a little bit of brown sugar. Whatever works for you. But I'm using a cup here. Get that in. And yeah, it looks like a lot of sugar. Remember fermenting this though. So this is going to all become basically just acid. This is going to become our the stringency that makes this drink so refreshing. I feel like a jar with water and just a plastic lid. Put that on tight and we'll give this a shake to activate all those pineapple bacteria. But also to dissolve the sugar of course. Give it a shake once or twice and then wait until it doesn't settle out. And I'm still got a little bit coming down here. That's the bulk of it. Find something to press all this stuff down. You don't want anything above the surface of the liquid. If you have anything above the surface of the liquid, you're going to get mold. And that's that's not something you want to mess with. So poke everything down. I use this little jar. It's just small enough that it fits right down inside there. A little bit of runoff. So get your jar down in there. Leave it a little bit of room to foam up. It's going to foam up. And then just put a lid on. Not too tight. You don't want this super tight. You're not sealing it in there. This is going to give off carbon dioxide gas. And if you put this lid on too tight, this is a bomb. This thing's just going to wait to explode with the carbon dioxide pressure build up. So just to loose lid. Just enough to keep the dust out and keep the cat out of it. But this is good. Put this away in your pantry for a couple of days. Three, four, five days. Something like that depends on how warm your house is. If you've got a super warm house, might take two or three days. It's 70 in here. So I'll give this about five days and then we'll come back and have another look at it. And here's the finished product. This has been fermenting for five days. And you'll see just these tiny little bubbles coming up and creating this foam on the top. And that's a good sign of active fermentation. That's the carbon dioxide given off by the bacteria that are in here and the yeast that are in here, fermenting the fructose from the pineapple and from the brown sugar. And creating carbon dioxide. Now when we open this, you're going to see there's kind of lots of bubbles. This kind of brown evil here. It's just dirt off the outside of the pineapple. You can, the nice thing about this fermentation is all these little bubbles kind of got your little scrubbing bubbles here cleaning off the dirt and dust and everything from the pineapple. Remember I said I didn't wash the pineapple? Well, here's our, here's our washing step. But just scrape that off. It's probably fine, but no reason to eat it if you don't need it. And then here you can pour this. And you can see the nice carbonation. There you have it, Topace. It's delicious. Oh, it's tart. But no, that's really good. Depends, you know, how you like it. If you like it sweet, I let this go for what I say five days. But no, this is nice. This is tart. This is refreshing. Kind of like a good old-fashioned lemonade or something like that. It's got that real lemon in it. It's got that tartness. Not too sweet. That's good stuff. You can, if you want to make it alcohol, this is probably, I don't know, 0.05% alcohol in here. Because alcohol takes a long time to make. Alcohol takes, you know, you make wine and it literally ferments for about a month or two. And it really gets all that fructose out of the grape juice and you know, really makes wine that, you know, eight or nine percent alcohol. This has been fermenting for a couple of days. There's really not a lot of alcohol. And there's not, it's not about the alcohol. It's about the, you know, fermenting, making the probiotics, getting some of that sugar out and replacing it with a nice tart refreshing taste. So I think I'm ready for the backyard. How about you guys? Thanks for watching everybody. Be sure to subscribe and leave a comment below.