Hi guys, Tobie from Food Tube. I'm going to be cooking one of Jamie's
recipes for Anzac biscuits which
is a really popular sweet biscuit in
Australia
and New Zealand which was invented I
guess during the First World War by the
Australian and New Zealand
army. My understanding of these
biscuits was that they need to come up
with
a biscuit that could travel long
distances without going off.
So they came up with these biscuits using a
whole lot of ingredients that could
travel to the other side in the world.
So, to make this the first thing we do
is take some butter and melt it over a
low heat.
And once that butter has melted right down you can add the golden syrup straight in.
The golden syrup will melt straight into the butter, and you can always use a wooden
spoon to help it along.
Once that butter mixture has melted right down and those ingredients have come together
you can mix one teaspoon of bicarbonate soda with 3 tablespoons of water.
You can add that directly with the butter mixture.
Give it a little stir together. Now that's
done you can set it aside of course
of the heat, and we can stop bring together the dry ingredients. Add the flower
and the oats, and sugar, and the coconut into a medium-sized mixing bowl.
Use your fingers to sort of push the
ingredients to the side and make a well.
And then pour the butter mixture right
into the middle of the well.
Now you can add the vanilla extract.
We're also going to grate in the zest of one orange. And then use a wooden spoon to really
slowly bring together the dry and the wet ingredients.
Once that's come together into a big sticky
gooey mess you can start to put heaped
tablespoons onto your baking tray,. that are lined
with baking paper.
And you want to leave a gap of around 3 centimetres, because they'll spread out just
a little bit
not heaps, but a little bit.
Once you've got the mixture popped out onto the trays ready to cook
we can cook 10 minutes in the preheated
oven, or until golden.
Once these are golden, as these are, pop them onto a wire rack to allow them to cool.
Remember I am Tobie. Subscribe to my
channel,
here, or here, and have a good day. 