Today we're looking at Oregano,  it's
a wonderful plant it's a herb and it's
used in many Mediterranean cuisines.
However it is a plant that does need a
little bit of care ,the plant that we've
got here is in the perennial border,  but
this oregano plant has got out of control.
What happened here it we let it go to
flower and it's something that you
don't really want to do unless you're
into collecting seed.  So what do we need
to do to rejuvenate or renovate or
simply prune our oregano plant ?  It's
quite easy,
we're going to take it right back to the
base, we need a pair of secateurs and
away we go.
So we're about halfway there
we've done a really rough cut back, now
we'll get in a little bit closer and
tidy up those little loose bits here.  We
just try to prune it back to where there
is a leaf node.  This means it's going to
sprout out at the leaf node.  We will be getting rid of all
these dead woody stems, which we
don't really want, and in a few weeks
we're going to have a really healthy
plant. Look along the stems  for a leaf node
if you can't find one cut that stem right out,
A lot of these woody stems can come
right,   this steme here we can see some
leaf nodess
we're still going to cut it back though.
Because other was it does tend to get a
bit straggly later on.  With a stem like
this and take that right back to
a leaf node you can see the leaf just there.
We'll take that off there we can ggo in here
Cut some of these off these
So thats it we have pruned our Oregano back to
a low mound,  you can see that there's a
lot of good green growth down below
beneath what were all those  woody
stems.  And this is basle growth and
that is how Oregano likes to grow.  If you
want really good fresh new leaves,  prune your
oregano regularly,  and don't let it flower.
Our top tips for growing oregano
Grow it in a humus rich well-drained
soil grow. Grow it in a sunny position.
Fertilise s it with a liquid seaweed
fertilizer and perhaps a high nitrogen
fertilizer once-a-year prune regularly
and then prune again.  For more tips on
how to grow herbs, or have a prune roses how to
grow bulbs or perhaps had to build a
solar-powered water feature in fact
anything to the garden
subscribe to our YouTube channel for
constant updates on what's going on in
the world of gardening