Hello and welcome to in the kitchen with matt,
I am you host, Matt Taylor.
Today, I am going to teach you how to make
modeling chocolate.
Its really good, its awesome, you can use
it to do a lot of things.
Lets get started.
White chocolate melting wafers, or you can
use white chocolate chips.
Corn syrup, the amount will depend on how
much modeling chocolate you want to make.
To make modeling chocolate, it's pretty simple,
we just need two ingredients.
We need chocolate and we need corn syrup.
The ratio that I have here, is a half a cup
of chocolate to 2 tablespoons of corn syrup.
On a larger scale it is about 2 cups of chocolate
for a half of a cup of corn syrup, and you
can scale it on up depending on how much modeling
chocolate you want to make.
So first what we need to do is melt the chocolates.
I am going to take the chocolates and put
them in this bowl, and I am going to just
put them in the microwave, I am going to start
at 30 seconds, and after that stir, and then
go down to 20 seconds and stir, and that is
probably going to be enough for this amount
of chocolate.
Ok as you can see the chocolate is nice and
melted.
Ok, now we need to heat up the corn syrup.
um not too much, I am probably going to heat
it up for about 10 seconds, just to get it
nice and warm. and you can actually, you want
it to be about the same temperature.
And you can touch it with your finger to see
how warm that is, and then do that the same
and try and heat up the corn syrup to be the
same temperature.
Now what we want to do is we have our corn
syrup, and we are going to pour that in here
with the chocolate, and get it all out.
And then, with a spatula, we want to combine
it.
and we want to just kind of fold it in, we
don't want to stir it really fast, we just
want to be gentle, but you want to fold the
chocolate in with the corn syrup.
Pretty soon it will start to get tacky and
pull away from the wall, and that is how you
know that you are getting close.
But you want all the chocolate to mix with
the corn syrup.
So about like this, it is about ready.
See how it pulls away from the wall there,
it is starting to look like dough.
So now let's grab some plastic wrap, and we
will put that down, and we are going to take
our chocolate dough, and then I am going to
just flatten it out a little bit, like that,
and then we are going to fold our plastic
over it.
And there you go.
And then we just let it sit over night, let
it sit for about 12 hours, depending on how
warm or cool your house is, 12 hrs usually
does the trick, and then it will be ready
to use the next day.
Ok, my white modeling chocolate is done, now
for the break down.
Total time was about 10 minutes for the mixing,
and 12 hrs for it to rest and set up.
Total cost was about 50 cents.
Now when you want to use it, what you do is
you are going to take a bit off, and kneed
it in your hand, until it gets nice and elastic,
and then it is ready to go, and you can use
it on whatever you want, over strawberries,
over cupcakes, decorating cakes, whatever
you want to do, I'm Matt Taylor this has been
another episode of In the Kitchen with Matt,
I hope you have enjoyed it, stay tuned for
other episodes, Take care.
Don't forget to subscribe. }