Greetings! Welcome to Kiran's Recipe
Today we will learn how to cook Turnip (Shalgam) Curry Recipe
Now let us note down the ingredients required to cook Turnip Curry Recipe.
1 Onion - Finely cut into small pieces
Tomatoes (2 nos.) - Make tomato puree in the mixer
Coriander Leaves - Finely cut into small pieces
1 big spoon - Refined or olive Oil
1 small table spoon Garam Masala
Red chilly powder - 1 small table spoon
Cumin Seeds - 1 table spoon
Salt - As per your taste
Turmeric Powder - 1 small table spoon
Sabzi or vegetable Spices - 1 small table spoon
Ginger and Garlic Paste - 1 small table spoon
Turnip - 4-5 pieces
First take the Turnip
We have taken 4-5 pcs of Turnip, washed it cleanly with fresh water
Peel of the skin of all the Turnip using a knife
Now cut all the Turnip into small pieces as shown
Cut all the Turnip in small pieces
Let us start making the Turnip curry dish in a pressure cooker
Switch on the gas stove and put a cooker over it.
Allow the cooker to get pre heated
Now add 1 small table spoon of oil in the cooker
Allow the oil in the cooker to get heated up
Now once the oil gets warms up, add 1 small table spoon of cumin's seeds in the cooker.
Allow the cumins seeds to get roasted in the oil
Now the cumin seeds are Fried.
Now add the Ginger and Garlic paste in the cooker
Now in medium gas stove intensity, roast all the ingredients
Keep the gas in low mode so that paste does not gets burned up.
Fry the ingredients for 1-2 minutes
Now add finely cut onions in the cooker
Now fry the onion in the oil with other ingredients
Fry the onion till the time its color changes to brown.
Now the onion is properly fried.
Add the tomato puree in the cooker.
Now fry the tomato puree with other ingredients.
Add the salt as per your taste in the cooker.
Add 1 small table spoon of red chilly powder
Add 1 table spoon of Sabzi Masala
Add Turmeric powder - 1 small table spoon
Now mix and fry all the ingredients in the cooker
Fry it till the time ingredients leaves oil
Keep the gas in medium intensity
Keep stirring the ingredients
Now the spices and tomatoes are properly fried
Add all the Turnip pieces in the cooker
Mix and fried it for 2-3 minutes
Stir and mix Turnip with all other ingredients and spices
Fried it for 2-3 minutes only
Now all the Turnips are properly mixed with spices
Now add 1 cup of water in the cooker
Stir it again
Increase the gas flame from medium to full mode
Wait for 1 boil to come in cooker
Now you can see the dish starts boiling
Add some finely cut coriander leaves in the cooker
Save the remaining coriander for decorating final dish
Mix coriander with other ingredients
Cover the cooker with the lid
Cook it till the time 1 whistle came in cooker
After 1 whistle keep the gas in low mode
Then cook the dish for 10 minutes in sim gas
Now after 1 whistle we have cooked it for 10 minutes
Close the gas
Open the cooker lid once it gets cool down
Now cooker is cooled down and all the warm air is went out
Now open the cooker lid
Check the dish after opening lid
You can check the dish once
Stir the dish once
Now the Turnip dish is ready
Now take a bowl and pour Turnip Curry Dish in the bowl
You can also take this dish out in a bowl
The dish is ready and we have taken it out in a bowl
Now sprinkle some Garam Masala over it
Sprinkle finely cut coriander leaves on the dish
Now Shalgam or Turnip ki Sabzi is ready to serve
You will also prepare this dish for your family
Turnip are full of fiber and healthy
Serve this dish hot with chapati or rice
For more new recipe's subscribe my channel
If you like this video then don't forgot to share and like this video