Hi, I'm Sarah with the Hobby Lobby Creative
Studio...
Welcome to our Sew This Bedroom Series!
In today's tutorial I'll show you how easy
it is to customize your window treatment with
this quick and easy, one-of-a-kind, faux roman
shade.
What makes this shade "faux", is that the
draped layers in this curtain are created
by strategically placed tension rods!
This means it's easier to make, while still
giving the classy look of a Roman Shade!
For a list of what you'll need to make a shade
like this one, be sure to check out this video's
printable.
First we need to start by taking some measurements.
Now if you'll be making two or more matching
shades, you'll definitely want to write down
all your measurements as you go!
The printable for this video even has a fill-in-the-blank
list for tracking all your measurements!
Just click on the link, print it out, and
you're ready to start measuring!
Let's start with the width of the window.
Measuring the distance inside the frame, mine
is 29" wide.
Your finished curtain width should be 1/2"
smaller than the window, just so it fits and
hangs nicely within the frame.
So since my window is 29" wide, my finished
curtain should be 28.5" wide.
I'll be doing a single 1" hem on both the
right and left sides, so I'll add 2" to my
fabric measurement, giving me 30.5" total.
So 30.5" is how wide my starting piece of
fabric needs to be
I know it sounds like a lot to get this measurement
but just remember it like this: take the width
of your window and add an inch and a half.
The rest of the explanation is just so you
know how I got there in case your numbers
don't match mine.
That's easy enough, right?
So now let's get our length.
At this point we need to decide how much of
our window we want our shade to cover.
Some of you may prefer a shade that covers
the entire window or a shade that only covers
half of the window.
Keep in mind, you can adjust the coverage
some, just by moving your tension rods closer
together or farther apart.
I'm going to make my shade so that it covers
about 2/3 of my window.
You will start by measuring how far down you
want your shade to be on your window, I want
mine to be at about 30", so that's my base
number.
Now, for every draped layer you would like
to have in your shade, you need to add 6".
Mine will have two layers, so I'll add 12",
giving me a total of 42" right now.
Next I need to account for my hem and rod
pocket.
I'll add 1" for the bottom hem and 2" for
my rod pocket.
So that means I need to add 3" to the 42"
I was at before, giving me a total length
of 45" of fabric needed to start.
So you'll start by cutting your fabric and
your lining material to the final measurements
you just got.
Mine will be 30.5" x 45".
Here's a quick tip: if needed, cut your fabric
so the design is centered on the shade.
This may require you to cut a little off both
sides, but it's worth it in the end!
Also, if you aren't familiar with using a
rotary blade to easily cut your fabric to
size, check out our Learn to Sew video on
measuring and cutting fabric.
Adding lining to your shade serves several
purposes.
It not only helps block out light, and protects
against heat and cold, but it also adds visual
weight and body to your shade.
You could use anything from a lightweight
muslin like I have here, to a heavier drapery
lining or light-blocking material, depending
on the need.
Once you've got your fabric and lining cut
to size, turn your fabric print side down
and place your lining on top of it.
Pin the lining to the fabric, making sure
the fabric is staying nice and smooth as you
pin.
Once all your pins are in place, to secure
the two pieces together and to prevent fraying,
sew a tight zig zag stitch close to the edge,
all the way around the fabric.
Next, we're going to hem our sides.
If your fabric design has straight lines like
mine does, be sure that your fold is perfectly
straight, following the straight lines in
the design.
So, starting with one of our long edges, fold
your fabric over 1", pressing and pinning
as you go.
Use a seam gauge to make sure you're keeping
a 1" fold all the way down the edge.
Sew a straight stitch all they way down the
edge of the fabric, just to the right of the
zig-zag stitches.
To make sure your stitches are nice and secure,
remember to start and end with a backstitch
every time you sew throughout this project!
I just did the same thing for my other long
side and then we're ready to add our rod pocket
and bottom hem!
The rod pocket is the hem that is large enough
for our curtain rod to slide through.
I will have 3 total in my shade.
We will start by hemming our top rod pocket.
I'll be using this small tension rod to hang
my shade.
If you are using a larger style of tension
rod, simply adjust the size of the pocket
so your rod will fit through it after it's
sewn.
With your fabric print side down again, Fold
your fabric up 2" , press, and pin in place.
Again, sew a straight stitch all the way across,
beginning and ending with a quick back stitch.
So now that our rod pocket is done, there
are only a few more steps and we'll be finished!
I used the same steps as before to make a
1" hem along the bottom edge.
Now I'm ready to add the draped layers!
This is when all those childhood math classes
(or a calculator!)
may come in handy!
With your fabric print side down, we first
need to take a full measurement of the length
of our fabric, rounded to the nearest full
inch.
Ours is a tad over 41" so for this we are
just going to round up to 42".
We don't have to be overly particular for
this part, as long as you make the same measurements
on a matching roman shade, you'll be just
fine!
Now because I want 2 draped layers in my finished
shade, I need 3 fabric sections to give me
the placement for the 2 rod pockets needed
to create my draped layers.
So I'll take my 42" from before, and divide
that by 3.
This gives me 14".
So, toward one side of the fabric, I'll measure
14" down from the top and make a small mark
with my disapperaing ink pen.
The great thing about this pen I am using,
is that it is dual-ended.
One end has ink that will wash out with the
first washing of the fabric, and the other
end has ink that will simply disappear over
time without having to wash it out.
I'll be using the disappearing end for this
project.
Now from that mark, I'll measure another 14"
down and make another mark.
Now I'm going to make those same 14" marks
at the other edge of my fabric as well.
Now you're just going to connect the marks!
Lay your ruler between 2 marks, drawing a
full line across the fabric for both of the
14" measurements.
Flip your fabric over and fold it along one
of the lines, pressing with your iron as you
go to get a nice, crisp edge.
Do the same thing at the second line.
Now we're ready to mark where our stitch line
for the rod pockets will be!
With your fabric folded at one of your 14"
lines use your seam gauge to measure 1.5"
and make another set of small tick marks.
Lay your ruler across the marks and make a
nice straight line to follow as you sew.
Pin this fold in place.
Repeat for the other 14" fold line.
Mark your 1.5" seam line, make your straight
line and pin it in place.
Sew along both of these lines, removing the
pins as you go.
And now you've got two pockets for the tension
rods that create that great faux roman shade
look!
I'm going to add this chic tassle trim at
the bottom that will really make my roman
shades look top of the line.
I am going to glue on my tassle trim using
fabric glue because the trim is very thick
and would be difficult to get though this
standard size sewing machine.
If you're using a thinner trim, you could
easily run a straight stitch down the center
to attach it.
So, cut your trim so that is hangs over both
edges of the fabric by 1".
Starting about 1" from the edge, add a line
of Fabric adhesive all the way down the center
of the trim, stopping about 1" from the other
edge.
Center and place the trim along the bottom
edge.
Add binder clips along the edge between the
tassles to hold it securely in place while
the glue dries.
Turn your shade over and add glue to the ends
of your trim, wrap them around the shade and
place a binder clip on the end.
Once it's dry, just remove the clips and you're
ready to hang it up!
Start with the top tension rod and work your
way down.
Measure out the spacing to keep the draped
layers even and that's it!
These roman shades are a great way to add
a truly professional feel to any room!
Make sure and check the other videos in our
sew this bedroom series for other one-of-a-kind
projects to make your dream room come to life!
I'll see you next time at the Hobby Lobby
Creative Studio!