Welcome to Asiangarden2table.
Last video I introduce our cast iron wok.
We have it for sale at asiangarden2table.com/shop.
Since than I have received some orders.
I want to thank these customers for trusting us and our products.
In this video I will show you how to season your new cast iron wok to it get ready for cooking.
When you receive the wok, remove the red wrap and the plastic cover.
You can see the wok is very smooth and shining.
It has very nice and even dark grey color.
This wok does not have any coating on it
so you can use steel spatulas, hard sponge even steel sponge in it.
It is baked at very high temperature in the facility to get pre-seasoned
which make it well resistant to scratch and rust.
Now install the wooden handle.
Line the handle up and screw the iron bar in until it gets tightened.
Pick up the wok and shake it several times.
If you feel the handle wobble, screw it tighter until you feel solid when you handle the wok.
Next we should give the wok a good and through wash.
Add some dish soap in the wok, use the rough side of the sponge to rub the wok very well,
inside and out for a couple minutes.
Since this cast iron wok was polished
and did not have any coating applied, the cleaning is very easy.
You can rinse and add more soap to wash another 2~3 times.
To see if the wok is cleaned well, after drying it with a towel,
use a white paper towel to rub the wok really hard to see if the paper turns dark.
If yes, wash the wok again with soap under tap water.
Repeat this until you do not see paper towel turns dark when rubbing the wok.
The very popular way to season a new wok is to use pork fat.
You can also use other animal fat. Turn the heat at medium to high.
Put the pork fat in the wok.
It may stick to the wok at the beginning but once pork fat is released,
you can easily move the pork fat around.
Use spatulas to press and move the pork fat inside the wok to reach every corner.
It is better to have the heat high enough to make the wok smoke a little,
, as far as the pork does not get burned.
You may want to do this outside the house ：）
Seasoning with fat or oil at high temperature will apply a layer of thick oil on the surface
and into the micro porous structure in cast iron.
This oil film is a natural Patina to protect the wok from getting rusty
and provide some good non-stick result during cooking.
The aroma from the fat or oil will also help to remove any metallic flavor from a new wok.
Continue to rub the wok until you feel the fat gets thicken and some resistance between the fat and wok.
Turn the heat off and let the wok cool down in room temperature.
Use sponge to wash the wok under tap water.
Please do not add any soap!
Actually from now on you shouldn’t use any soap to wash your cast iron wok.
Repeat the seasoning work above for 2~3 times.
If you do not want to use animal fat for seasoning your wok,
you can use herbs plus cooking oil instead.
Any your favorite herbs you have, green onion, chive, green garlic, ginger and so on.
Turn the heat at medium to high. Spray some cooking oil.
. Here I use green onion. Chop it up and throw it in the wok.
Use spatulas to press the onion around the wok, stir it and turn it over.
Add more oil if the onion gets dry.
Herbs contain some plant oil.
When they get fried at high temperature in oil, it releases its aroma.
So eventually they apply an oil film to the wok at the same time flavor the wok with herb’s aroma.
Continue to stir and fry green onion until it gets dry.
Turn the heat off and let the wok cool down to room temperature.
Rinse it under cool tap water.
Ginger is also used to season a wok. Spray some cooking oil in the wok.
Keep the heat at medium to high.
Cut a big piece of ginger open at one end and rub it in the wok.
Make sure every corner is reached. Do it for a few minutes.
The wok is hot so you should wear gloves so your hand won’t get burned.
After the first seasoning, the wok is ready to use.
A well-seasoned cast iron wok should have a shining surface with a natural oil film.
Cast iron wok rely on this layer of film to gain a non-stick result.
Please keep these things in mind:
To cook with a cast iron wok does require some skills to get the best non-stick result.
To maintain and enhance cast iron’s non-stick performance,
it also requires some basic daily maintenance.
In next video, I will share with you some experience of using a cast iron wok
and some very simple and necessary daily practice to maintain your wok.
Hope this is helpful. Please subscribe for more videos to come
or visit our website at asiangarden2table/com for more wok cooking information
or purchase a high quality cast iron wok.
Thank you very much for watching. I will see you next time.