In this video, I am going to teach you the
elevator, and it looks like this.
Now as you can see, the elevator is a pretty
neat trick.
But, it is actually not to difficult as long
as you have a powerful sleeper.
So I am going to give you a couple of tips
to make it look good and to get it down just
right.
So, the first thing that you are going to
do when you want to practice this trick is
you are going to get a sleeper as good as
you can.
Then you are going to put your opposite hand
in between the string and you.
You are going to push right into the string.
Then you are going to lift the yoyo up and
you want to put it on the string just above
your yoyo finger.
Then all you are going to do to make the yoyo
climb the string is you are just going to
pull your hands apart.
You can see that makes the yoyo go up.
When it gets to the top, you just toss the
yoyo up and if it has got enough spin, it
should wind up and go right back into your
hand.
Now, when you are doing this trick, especially
for somebody who has never seen this trick
before, one thing that you want to avoid is,
as you are doing the trick, you do not want
the yoyo to be bouncing off the string as
it goes up because that really kills the effect.
If you can keep the yoyo on the string, then
sometimes it looks kind of mysterious, like,
how is is climbing the string.
You know you are just separating your hands,
but it could be pretty cool to somebody who
has never seen it before.
To make sure that the yoyo does not bounce
off the string, the easiest way is to just
make sure that your yoyo hand is slightly
in front of your top hand.
That way it will not bounce as it goes up.
Now, when you start to do the trick that way,
that might cause you some other problems.
It might actually cause the yoyo to twist
and turn a little bit.
It might even kill the spin.
The reason that that happens is because your
hands are not straight up and down.
As long as your hands are straight and the
string is barely touching the side of the
yoyo, it will just spin true.
But as soon as you start to get your hands
so that they are not perfectly vertical, then
the string is going to push into the side
of the yoyo and that causes it to twist and
turn a little bit.
So if that problem is happening to you, just
be really conscious and really focus on keeping
your hands straight up and down as you pull
them apart.
That will make the trick work a lot better.
Now, this trick leads into other more difficult
string tricks like the Braintwister.
But this is kind of an easy way to get started
and so we think it is a great trick to learn.
And that is the Elevator.