Hi and welcome back to Garden Ninja today
I've brought myself down to London to the Kyoto
gardens which is a great example of traditional
Japanese garden
What I'm going to do today is to give some tips how to
create your own japanese garden at home.
come on let's get cracking so the first
tip for japanese garden design is to
follow the principle of nature trying to
keep the design and the materials as
natural as possible
japanese garden design isn't about
modernity it's about taking nature and
reducing it or stylizing it to fit
your garden space which is why japanese
garden design is excellent for small
spaces you can take symbols and trees
and reduce them by using certain cultivars
or species making it look natural
on a much smaller scale
The second tip is careful use of trees
and shrubs not only can this keep the
garden looking natural, but
you can also use trees to screen off
undesirable parts of the garden or even
to lead the visitors around the garden
using it at points of interest structure
evergreen shrubs are also fantastic and
giving year round colourr and the benefit of
this is you can prune them to keep them small in
size still giving that naturalist look.
The third tip would be to include a
water feature in your garden now this could be
moving water such as a natural waterfall
or even a still pond water to show
reflection and calm. The one thing that it
should be is natural to make sure it's
in scale with the garden
the last thing you want is a humongous
waterfall in a tiny garden it just
looks completely unrealisitic.
Rocks feature heavily in Japanese garden
design whether the rocks are there to
symbolize nature in the form of
mountains or more spiritual side such as
the passing between heaven and earth and
the bridge between. The advice would be
to group rocks together maybe in
threes fives to get a better structure
and overall effect.
Lastly the tip would be if you're
going to use statues and buildings make
sure they're in keeping with the scale
of the garden. Thing like pergolas or a tea
houses are fantastic if you've only got a small
space you may need to pair them back slightly so they
dont overwhelmed the overall look of the garden
Again they should be good structural pieces but not
take away from the natural feeling the
garden.  So the Japanese design is trying to
mimic nature that's why you're not going
to find things like squared ponds ,fountains
and big metallic structures or anything like
that and the use of water always used in a
natural setting. This is really key to
japanese garden design. Mimicing nature
bringing zen and tranquility to the garden
space
I've been Garden Ninja and if you like
this clip and why not subscribe to my youtube
channel to see more clips the garden
design a garden hints and tips thanks
for watching and I'll see you again soon.