Today on The Stay At Home Chef
I'm showing you how  to make Mexican Street corn Soup.
I'm taking all of the flavors you love from Mexican Street corn 
and adding them into a soup that's easy to make and super delicious.
We're gonna start over on the stove by heating up a large pot 
over medium-high heat.
Start by melting 4 tablespoons of butter.
Once that's all melted add in 1 diced white onion and 1 minced jalapeño 
and then give this all  a stir.
Let this sauté until the onions are soft and translucent,
which will take about 5 minutes.
Then add in 5 cloves of crushed garlic and let this cook for about 1 minute.
We're really just  giving the garlic a flash of heat 
so it has a chance to release its flavor,
then we'll add in 2 teaspoons of ground cumin,
and 1 teaspoon of chili powder and 3 tablespoons of all-purpose flour, 
and stir this in.
The heat on the spices will cause them to release their oil,
and in doing so release a lot of their flavor as well.
the flour will act as a thickening agent 
so you give this just about 1 minute or 2,
and then we'll pour in 4 cups of chicken broth.
Stir this all in and bring it to a boil.
Once it comes to a boil add in 1 tablespoon of sugar,
2 teaspoons of salt,
and then 6 cups of frozen corn kernels, 
stir this in.
The frozen corn will cool off your mixture pretty quickly,
so bring it back to a boil and then reduce the heat to medium-low 
and let it simmer for about  5 minutes.
After 5 minutes we'll turn the heat off and then we'll stir in 
1 1/2 cups of heavy cream and 1 cup of freshly chopped cilantro.
Stir that all in.
The cream will cool off the soup just a little bit which is perfect 
because we are ready to ladle this into some bowls and eat.
Just before serving garnish your soup with a little bit of sliced jalapeño,
some crumbled cooked bacon,
and some crumbled cotija cheese.
Do not skip the toppings on this soup because 
they are what makes this soup really shine.
Thanks for watching.
You can find the full written recipe in the video description.
Be sure to subscribe and check out the rest of my channel,
where you can find hundreds of restaurant quality recipes
You can easily make at home.
See you later.