Hi, It's British cook! welcome back if you new to the channel to have a look at the other videos
This video is all about how to make Clotted Cream. I'm really really excited
It's so simple! This stuff costs 3 pounds to 3.50 in the shops
You can make it at home, so quickly,  so easily. It's so simple here. It's brilliant you really gonna
enjoy this video, so please watch it and
Please, please share this with all your friends family post the Facebook in a forum where you want let people
Know HOW easy it is to make Clotted Cream and how cheap it is!
Just look at this
Cornish clotted cream a whole bowl full!
So easy!
Let's get to it
This is brilliant if you live outside of Devon or Cornwall or live somewhere abroad
But sometimes it can be a little bit difficult to get a bit of that Cornish delicious goodness
This is it's brilliant
And there's no waste just think about how much money you can save by doing this share this video with your friends and family
Let them all see how simple it really is
So...... I've got my list of ingredients here.... ( Joking)
All you need is this: Cream double cream heavy cream or whipping cream.
High fat percentage there are two options to making clotted cream
One is to use a big dish, a big flat dish.
I'm gonna be using this because it's easiest separate the cream at the end
Sounds complicated really not if you say you use a pan like this or you can use a saucepan with a lid
Saucepan obviously needs to be ovenproof
So please no plastic handles unless you know they're safe in there
The important thing is you want double cream or in America they call it heavy cream or
You can use whipping cream as well again the same as that butter recipe you're looking for a high fat percentage
The higher the fat percentage more cream we're gonna get this is quite a complicated as you can see
So off the lid comes on that one
That goes in there like that.
So when I say literally anyone, I mean literally when you've got kids you want to cook with or show them something pretty cool
especially if your from Cornwall or Devon
Show them this
Because this is how your granny used to make it
Before we all went the shops
Hand on heart I had no idea  I was going to do this video right now
I just was sat there thinking about different things I could do and I was like "Why haven't I told people this yet"?!?!
It's so easy
But before we go any further let me just show you this amazing sunset overnight
Absolutely fantastic up on the moors in Cornwall, the wind's blowing the sun is shining
Just have a look at this
MUSIC
This bit is IMPORTANT though, so listen
Pre-heat your oven to 160C (320f) degrees Celsius. That should be come up in Fahrenheit  just now
When you have  preheated the oven to 160 degree Celsius
Put the cream in the pan, in the middle of the oven and turn your oven off
Please turn the oven off make sure you turn the oven off otherwise this will go horribly wrong
Preheat 160 degrees put the cream in and turn the oven OFF
TURN IT OFF (Loud-Joking)
so turn off your oven and
So turn off your oven and leave it there. You must leave it without moving it for about 10 to 12 hours
Don't open the oven door, don't let the heat out. Let it do its thing
Everything we taught in today's society tell us does not leave things in the wall, but this is actually how it works
This is how clock cream is actually made
When you take the cream out you need to be quite careful not to mix it all up again
So carry it as it is and you need to put it in a fridge
Somewhere cold from at least eight hours. My suggestion is... if you want the clotted cream for next day. It's quite simple
What you do is you cook it at ten o'clock in the morning. That's what I've done
I'm putting in out 10 o'clock in the morning
I'm gonna take it out at 10 o'clock at night
And I'm gonna put the fridge overnight and when I cut and when tomorrow morning comes I'm gonna
Have a whole load of Clotted Cream.... Now for the really important part if you're from Devon or Cornwall
Or anywhere across the UK or across the world let me know how you put your scones together.
Do you put the cream on first and the jam on top or do you put the jam on first and the cream on top?
VERY Serious matter this let me know down below
Okay, so we've got this out, it's been in the fridge oven overnight
Basically what you've got if you've got the cream on top and then underneath that you've got a thin liquid
the thin liquid can be used baking for bread or
for putting the creamy things
That's the Clotted Cream on top you see it all coming off
Lovely
Okay, so I've got a second batch of clotted cream here and what I'm gonna
Do is show you another little tip just how to get the clotted cream out a different way if you want to?
Basically  what we are going to do is use a spoon to cut, or pull this
cream off here, what would but you see it's just thick
clotted cream
completely solid
So cut a hole in the corner and just pour this out
Pour the liquid out and that will just leave us....
With lots of clotted cream
Look at all that clotted cream
Look at that! Look  all that clotted cream how thick and deep those
Delicious
Freshly made clotted cream
Cornish clotted cream
delicious
obviously creamy
amazing!
How Simple was that!?!? It was so easy right so just get out there share the video
Show everyone what this is about it's so simple so fast so easy and so cheap
Cheap! It's really cheap
Go on nearly 400 grams a massive amount of clotted cream, look at that from that cream that we put in there overnight
This is so tasty I've just tried it's so creamy thick it tastes brilliant!
So this is  a fantastic recipe not only have we got the clotted cream
You've also got this. This is a really creamy liquid. That's left over
Completely usable you can put this in the desserts. Use it as a single cream almost you can cook with it
You can make put it into bread you can I mean it takes really good as well. It's it's really nice
So enjoy this recipe leave me a comment. Please subscribe  if you want to see a  little bit more
Thank you so much. British Cook. I can't show you my face it is covered in clotted cream! :)