Hey y'all, it's Rosie, and I'm going to show
you how I make my southern pralines, or
pralines depending on where you're from.
This candy is so easy to make and
delicious. So at anytime that you
want the exact measurements, head over to
my blog, I Heart Recipes.com, you can
print out the exact measurements from
there. Now let me show you how I make
this candy. So here in my saucepan, I'm
going to pour in some granulated sugar,
as well as brown sugar. Then I'm going to
mix the sugars until they're well
combined, or combined enough for me, this
works. Now I'm going to start adding in
my butter. Make sure you're using butter,
not margarine. A lot of you like to use
Blue Bonnet and stuff - that's not butter,
that's margarine! And make sure your
butter is salted. Now I'm going to start
pouring in my half-and-half. I actually
used to use evaporated milk, but the
half-and-half makes this candy so much
creamier, so make sure you're using that.
And then we're going to stir everything
over low heat. And once everything is
nice and well incorporated, just like so,
we're going to bring the heat up over - or
actually turn the heat up to medium, okay.
So now the candy is actually going to
start to boil. We actually want the candy
to reach 240 degrees Fahrenheit. And once
it gets to 240 degrees, we're going to
let it boil for about 5 minutes without
stirring. And then we will head over to
our next step, and that is adding in our
vanilla extract. Now you can turn the
heat off completely and remove this pan
from the hot burner to a cooler one. And
now we can start tossing in our pecans,
or pecans, whatever you want to call them.
And now we can fold them in, and I don't
know why I'm whisking them in, I don't
know. I probably didn't want to dirty up
another utensil. But once we're done
doing that, let's grab a wooden spoon and
we're going to start stirring our candy
until it thickens up. And this takes no
time, but you will need a little elbow
grease. This right here can be really
tricky. If you leave the candy for one
second, you come back, it's going to be
thickened up, so do not leave the candy.
Keep stirring until it looks just like
this. It almost looks like peanut butter
and it has like, a cloudy tint. So now
we're going to grab a cookie sheet that
is lined with parchment paper, and we're
going to start spooning our
candy mixture. And make sure you have
your cookie sheet that's lined with the
parchment paper - make sure you have that
ready to go, do that before you even cook
the candy. Because if you forget to, you
know, have it ready to go, you'll have to,
you know, leave the candy unattended and
it will thicken and it will be hard to
spoon out, okay. So yeah, just spoon out
everything. And FYI, the last spoonful of
candy is always the ugliest, but it does
still taste good. And you know what, that is
it! All you have to do is let it cool
down, and now you're ready to enjoy. Don't
forget, if you want the exact
measurements, head over to I Heart
Recipes.com. And don't forget to give
this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it!