It is Semana Santa in Mexico City that means the bosque de Chapultepec Park is completely filled with people
hungry people and I also know one particularly hungry guy
It's this guy. Dude I'm so hungry
Exploring with Cody we are on the search for Mexican street food.
And that brings us here
the  bosque de Chapultepec to find something
So Cody and I are on this search for a particular kind of street food. It is called Chicharron
It's probably one of the most common street foods here you can find in Mexico
It's actually Spanish originally, and you can find it all across Latin America, and there are two kinds. There is the
unhealthy kind they call it which is made out of flour and the real kind which is opposed to be the healthy kind
which is made with pig fat. It's like diet chicharron. Exactly, so we found this small little store
They have a wide selection of
different kinds of chicharrones, and we're gonna try this iconic Mexican snack
right now. Are you ready?
No, but yes. Stomach are you ready? It says
Rico's Chicharrones preparados
Preparados con que? With what? Con col tomate aguacate crema salsa limon y sal
Si. Solito? Solito, igual entero?
Si igual entero
Limon y sal? Si
Alright so we just ordered two chicharrones enteros, enteros means the whole thing. It's basically one giant
fried pork fat pizza. On this one there is tomato there is a
aguacate which is avocado
cream like three kinds of sauces and our favorite which is....
Its back...it looks like the pig tail
It does
Pickled pork skin mmm, so we're gonna try this one second
We'll try the original one first with just some salsa and things on top then we'll dig into our giant huge massive
pizza. It literally is just every topping you could order.
I don't even know if that could all fit my stomach. All right Cody. I was just telling Mike
I thought I could have gotten away with the white t-shirt and the red, but here we are we're trying this one
It's it's a little less full to start off. We're gonna work our way up
But here we are chicharron
explore with Cody 2018
Let's do it, eating stuff that stains shirts
That's so crunchy
So what do you think?
Spicy crispy pizza
it's more like a....
There's a hair in this. It's probably a pig hair. No that's not a pig hair. That's that's a person hair.
What was the question?
May I say how late this is, it is like... it's a light snack. It feels a little bit heavier then a sheet of paper
It feels like cardboard actually
And I've been in Mexico for maybe over a year, and I've never actually had
chicharron, and I've seen it everywhere big slabs of this stuff in markets on the street. I've never actually had it
I thought today
would be a good day
mm-hmm, but I feel like one bite, and it's gonna crack like glacier and all fall to pieces.
I was gonna say you literally got nothing you're gonna have to keep my biting
There we go...It's kind of like
Like pig flavored cheetos
Yeah, yeah, uh-huh like pig flavored cheetos, but you know what pork rinds are something I can't find in Canada.
Pork rinds are famous in United States right? Yeah, yeah, not really in Canada
This is like pork rinds right? Yeah, now that I think about it you're right. It's a bit like cheetos
It's like a spicy pork rind cheeto. I feel like if we took some salt off it you put milk and it would be
an okay cereal
All right, lets upgrade level two. I don't even know how you approach them. See I'm gonna have to take several bites
just to get into anything. I feel like we need an eating strategy, and how not to get our shirts completely covered
You have to eat it like a pig just stick your face. Exactly,
that's the whole thing. Hay una manera mas facil de comerlo?
Pues asi nomas...
Just like that. They say they say to stick your face in. May I say that this is a beautiful thing
What do you think about that
I just literally it looks like a skinned pork tail or pig tail. That is cueritos my friend pickled pork skin.
On your mark
Get set go
Oh man
All right first impression? A lot of tomatoe
Good amount of avocado. So but would you prefer it
like before like this one with just the salsa? or do you like everything on top? If I was gonna eat it
I would eat it that way yep
This way I know, the pigskin
I think I took a lot a big bite off cuz I really don't like it
I took a big bite of that pig the pickled pig skin
I'm having like food stress. Food stress? I don't know
Okay, this is it this is me. This is this is where I'm gonna go
You got it
It tastes a little bit like nachos hold on a second
Don't judge me yet, it tastes like nachos because we have like some tomato type salsa we have cream on top
There's tomato there is cabbage. There's avocado
I didn't even taste much of the pig fat on that bite
I'm gonna take another one
You're a brave man. With less cueritos because the cueritos, I'm not a big fan. Salsa, tomato, aguacate
This was 50 pesos. Which is like two three dollars American
I would argue this could be health food but
there's a lot of vegetables on there, but it's not that bad by itself I didn't feel like it was particularly healthy.
This on top at least has some
vitamins and some minerals and some healthy stuff
I if I'm gonna come back would get this the more expensive deluxe Chicarron with the extra ingredients
But I would say next time hold the cueritos because
I think I have to have pure Mexican blood. It's dripping on you watch out...I think I have to have pure Mexican blood to like this.
Yeah, even a lot of Mexicans don't like it, but some absolutely love it. I don't think I'll ever like cueritos
however
I think this ends our food chapter for today Cody... I think so... let's go find someone we can give this to.
I'm sure someone will gladly take it.
Chicharron usado, medio precio? No thank you
Medio precio, es usado un pocquito
Les gusta?
Los cueritos tambien?
Yo no me gusta los cueritos
The kid likes it, mom likes it
I don't know man
Maybe I just have to eat more of them
Yeah, just practice... All right, so as this drips all over my forearm, and my shoes luckily our shirts are still clean
Somehow....Which is amazingly lucky
Cody and I have been eating some street foods across Mexico City make sure to check out his videos about we ate
donkey meat. We ate a donkey just ten minutes ago.
We ate dorilocos we ate tacos like brain tacos we had a big
handful of weird foods....Had to try it all. He has an awesome exploring channel
And we'll be seeing cool places check out his videos.. Thank you man...If you're in Mexico City come try the deluxe Chicharron
I agree, you got to try it at least once exactly for sure.
Experience over possesions, kick the grind.