[Intro music]
Grilled lamb chops with lemon and cardamom
is a very simple recipe to make. 
The lemon and cardamom add an oriental touch 
that will delight the amateurs of lamb.
To make that recipe, you will need
cardamom powder, olive oil, chopped garlic,
lemon, salt, freshly ground peppercorns and a rack of lamb or lamb chops.
First of all, let's make the rub.
Zest a lemon that I have washed earlier.
So you don’t want to grate the white part of the citrus,
because that will be bitter.
All the oils and flavours are in the zest.
Good. Then add the cardamom powder, the chopped garlic,
and the olive oil. 
With a fork, mix the ingredients together.
Add a pinch of salt and freshly ground peppercorns.
Great! Then reserve the rub and let's prepare our chops.
lean your rack of lamb if your butcher didn’t do it well.
So here we have along the loin, we have some connective tissue
or silver skin. We must remove it because it will be tough.
With a deboning knife, cut through the fat and just remove it.
So pull over, hold it and follow.
Now, into the loin, the fat goes inside the meat and 
leave that part; this is the fat with thin connective tissue
leave it off; because if you separate it then you will lose little piece of meat
which is like a small tender loin along the loin.
Then turn the rack over and with a chef knife
separate the chops.
Then you can remove one here; just the bone
and cut that one in half so that you have nice thick chops.
Add the chops to the marinade.
And rub the meat over the marinade on both sides.
That way it will absorb all the flavours.
Cover the lamb with plastic wrap. So you want to use food wrap, obviously.
And reserve your lamb chops refrigerated for at least an hour.
Prepare the lemon that we are going to use as a stand or a piece to hold our chops.
I'll show you. Cut the base of the lemon to make it flat.
Then we are going to make some cut inside the lemon
because this is where we are going to pick the chops
around the lemon.
An hour has passed, then preheat your grill
and let's finish our lamb chops.
So let's remove the plastic.
We have put.. seasoned them earlier a pinch of salt but it's not enough.
We have to put a little bit more. So season them over with the salt.
Turn them and season the other side.
Great! Let's go to the stove.
Place the chops on the hot grill.
All the same way. 
Grill the chops for one minute to 2 minutes 
then we will move them to cross-mark them.
After a minute and a half, give them a turn.
by 90 degrees on the same side.
And with a brush, brush a little bit of the marinade over the chops.
The smell is wonderful! It's amazing!
It's been 3 minutes. Now let's do the same thing for the other side.
Let's give them a last turn.
So we turn them every minute and a half 
or every 2 minutes if you want them medium 
and a minute and a half if you like them medium rare.
Done! Turn off the grill. Remove the chops from the grill.
They are going to be medium rare.
I can see 1 medium. This one is going to be medium
because the blood is pearling on the top, you see it's floating on the top.
and the other ones also the medium rare and those will be medium rare
and this one was thinner, so it's a little bit more cooked, so it will be medium.
Allow the chops to rest for 3-5 minutes.
They would continue to cook and the rare chops will become medium rare.
Then pick the bone on the lemon
So here, I have decided to present my lamb chops
on a less classical way, more for cocktail style
but if you are going to have it as a main course,
you may serve it on a plate on a more regular fashion.
I hope you will enjoy this recipe and I am sure you will
because it's wonderful!
The lemon and cardamom spices on the lamb chops are truly amazing. 
Bon appétit!