In this video we will be talking about the
Yomega Brain Yoyo.
We give it a Fly rating, because while it
is not the best yoyo for advanced string tricks,
it is one of the best yoyos on the market
for what we call the “absolute beginner”.
So let's get right to it.
[The YoTricks Take]
This yoyo is the Yomega Brain.
And this yoyo, it's frankly not for everyone.
It is a beginner yoyo, but it is really the
yoyo for what we call the “absolute beginner”.
It is for the person who just can't do anything
with a yoyo, but is really interested and
who really wished that they could.
It has a clutch system in here, and what that
does is it makes it so that the yoyo comes
back automatically after it is done sleeping.
If your throw isn't good enough it won't even
sleep at all.
It will just come right back up.
That makes it so much easier for the person
who has always been frustrated with yoyos
and can't figure out why they can't work.
The other person this is really good for is
maybe a really young child.
Maybe their older brother or sister got into
yoyoing and every time they try it they can't
do anything.
The Yomega Brain is a good yoyo for them just
to give them something they can play with
until their arm is strong enough, until they
are coordinated enough to get it to sleep.
At least it will go down and come back up.
It still takes a little bit more skill than
a fake yoyo, like a yoyo ball, which is really
no yoyo at all.
It is a real yoyo, you can do real tricks
with it; that way they won't feel left out.
This yoyo is not for somebody who already
has a good sleeper, can already get the yoyo
back up.
If you can already do that you are already
beyond this yoyo.
Instead you should look in the starter category
on the YoTricks website and look for some
other yoyos that you can use to learn tricks.
So even if you feel like a beginner, if you
can throw the yoyo down, get it to come back
up, if you can get a sleeper, we recommend
that you bypass this yoyo.
But if those other two categories fit you
or someone you would like to get a yoyo for,
this yoyo is perfect for them.
Let's take it apart and see why it is so great
for those two types of players.
[The Take Apart]
The first thing that you will notice about
the Yomega Brain is obviously this clutch
system that it has.
What that does is as the yoyo is spinning
those clutches they pull apart; it has an
axle system in there and what it does it it
releases the axle and it allows the yoyo to
sleep.
As the yoyo is starting to spin down those
clutches are going to come back in, they are
going to grab onto the axle and make the yoyo
come back up.
That is what makes the Brain unique and particularly
good for beginners and also not so great for
more advanced players.
So if we take the yoyo apart, here is the
axle that I was talking about.
You can see that it has a little rubber o-ring,
and the way this yoyo goes together is that
the o-ring fits inside this clutch system.
That is actually the part of the axle that
those clutches grab on to.
If you are careless and you put the axle system
in backwards then the yoyo is not going to
come up automatically, and it is going to
seem like the yoyo is broken.
Make sure that you put that in properly when
you put the yoyo back together.
Really that is the whole thing.
The yoyo is a nice solid design.
It feels pretty good.
You do have to be wary, if you are using this,
it is a very hard plastic, but it also is
shatter-able.
If you give it a couple of good cracks on
the ground, that can break it.
That is only if you are yoyoing over concrete
or a very hard surface.
The only other thing that you really need
to be aware of when you use a Brain yoyo like
the Yomega Brain, is that with most yoyos
the string is just going to go on it one time,
and that is going to be enough.
For the Yomega Brain you actually need to
wrap the string around the axle an additional
time, and that is what makes that Brain mechanism
work.
If you only have the string around it one
time and those clutches grab that axle, because
the string isn't grabbing the axle itself,
because it is only wrapped around once, it
will continue to sleep and it won't come back
up automatically.
Let me show that to you one more time.
Like I said, on a normal yoyo the string is
just going to go on it one time, and that
will be enough.
For this one you are just going to have to
wrap it one more time.
As far as the yoyo goes that is all you need
to know.
After you do that it will be easy enough to
wind up.
That's how the Brain goes together.
[How it Plays]
As we mentioned before, the real key to this
yoyo, is that it has a clutch system that
when the yoyo slows down it will come back
up all by itself.
That makes it a little bit easier for people
just getting into yoyoing.
What other kinds of tricks is is it good for?
One thing that is kind of nice about it is
that it is the shape of a looping yoyo.
What this means is that besides just your
basic tricks, like your picture tricks - it
sleeps long enough to do those as you can
see - Walk the Dog, things like that, just
learning how to Sleep and Wind the Yoyo Back
Up, it is actually really good for learning
the basic Looping Tricks.
Because of the clutch system, it is not going
to be the type of thing that you are going
to want to use for two-handing tricks, but
if you are in that beginner category and you
just want to try out a bunch of different
tricks, the Brain is not half bad for beginner
tricks, picture tricks, and looping tricks.
What is is not good for are string tricks.
Part of the reason for that is just the clutch
mechanism.
You are going to be in the middle of a whole
bunch of your tricks and the yoyo is going
to come back on you and that can be really,
really frustrating.
The other thing is that it uses a transaxle
system.
Transaxles are not nearly as smooth on the
string as a ball bearing yoyo.
Any type of transaxle, whether it is a Yomega
Brain, or even a Fireball, they are just not
going to be great for learning your string
tricks.
If you are a beginner, usually you can get
maybe 10-15 seconds of spin out of this once
you have a really good throw, and that is
plenty of time for any of your picture tricks,
any of your beginner tricks.
Like I said it does your looping tricks pretty
well.
You can do Around the World.
For all those reasons it is a pretty good
yoyo, again, for beginners.
[Mods and Maintenance]
For the Yomega Brain we recommend using blended
string, the 50% cotton 50% polyester.
That is just because it has a nice feel.
It is going to last a lot longer than a cotton
string.
Really, whatever string you have on hand.
It is not like you are going to be doing super
advanced tricks with the Brain, so you might
not even notice a difference.
But if you have to buy some new string to
replace it that is a pretty good way to go.
That's why we recommend the blended string,
50% cotton 50% polyester.
The only other thing you are going to need
to do besides changing the string on this
yoyo to is - especially if you are going to
be doing your looping tricks - is you are
going to want to lubricate the axle right
here every now and then.
If you have just a little bit of lube right
here, on the bolt - that is where this little
plastic piece sits - you are going to find
that it is a lot more responsive, a lot better
for looping tricks.
We recommend a medium lube, like Super Lube,
that we have on the website.
That will just keep it playing really well.
When you lube it you want to make sure to
keep this little o-ring perfectly dry.
If that gets oiled up then the clutch system,
when it tries to grab it, it's not going to
be able to grab it very well, so it might
not come back up automatically.
The only modification we have for this yoyo
is, if you are getting a little bit better,
but you are kind of frustrated with the clutch
system, you can actually remove this black
o-ring right here.
If you remove that o-ring the yoyo may end
up sleeping about twice as long because it
is not going to come back before the spin
dies.
It will basically be just like a Yomega Fireball,
which only has this little plastic piece;
it does not have the clutch system.
That can be kind of nice if you are working
on some more advanced tricks with this yoyo
and you are just getting tired of it coming
back up automatically.
Just remove that black o-ring and the yoyo
will function...
it will still be perfectly fine, but you will
have to pull it up - it won't come back up
automatically.
So that is how you maintain, and a quick mod
recommendation for the Yomega Brain.
[Summary]
To sum up, this is the yoyo for the absolute
beginner.
If you have tried yoyoing and have failed
miserably every time, this is the yoyo for
you.
Or if you have got a yoyo for a young child
who seems to be interested in yoyoing, this
is a great way to go.
This is not the yoyo for you if you can already
throw a good sleeper, if you can already do
some basic tricks.
Again, if you are interested a more high-quality
yoyo, we recommend a ball bearing yoyo.
On YoTricks we have our started category,
we have a lot of different yoyos in there
for all the different categories, which will
be much better for you than this one.
Like I said, if you fit in that absolute beginner
category, this is just a great way to go,
and you really can't top it as far as yoyos
go.
This is the Yomega Brain.