Hi guys! My name is J again and I'm talking
to you guys on behalf of expertvillage.com,
and what we're going to do is we're going
to cook our chicken for the chicken enchiladas.
I'm going to get some of my extra virgin olive
oil. Come over here to the pan. Again, I'm
going to use about 2-3 teaspoons to kind of
lightly coat that and you want to work it
around. Since the pan has been heating up,
this oil is going to rapidly heat up. You
want to come back over here and get your chicken
breast. Every time you're working with chicken
you want to make sure to make sure to wash
your hands. When I'm done putting this on
the skillet, I'm going to go ahead and wash
my hands. Come over here with the chicken
and what you want to do is you want to place
these right on to that pan. You want to hear
that nice sizzle. It's going to be about 4-7
minutes on each side depending on how thick
your chicken breast is. If you got a thermometer,
your internal temperature should be 165-170
degrees to make sure that your chicken is
completely fully cooked. Once one side is
seared, you want to flip it and you only want
to flip it twice. You know that it's seared
because you're going to see a nice brown texture
on the other side of the chicken. If you need
to reseason because you see a lot of your
seasoning is falling off, you can go ahead
and do that. If you want to stick a little
onion inside the oil to give it a little onion
flavor you can do that, or maybe if you want
to add a little butter you can add a little
bit of butter. It's really up to you, it's
your food. This is just my version of chicken
enchiladas. There are so many more different
versions of doing this. Don't think this is
the only way to do it. Some people would even
actually cook their chicken and then stick
it in the oven. Since my chicken is so thin,
I'm going to sear it on both sides and my
chicken is done because I'm going to stick
it in the oven later on. When they're rolled
up into the tortillas, we're going to stick
in the oven and it's going to cook there for
another 30 minutes. Basically, this is it
for cooking your chicken. What you want to
do is you want to actually get some kind of
tongs or if you can get something to kind
of hold this up and look at the other side
every so often. You want to make sure you
don't burn it or anything. Like I said, 4-7
minutes depending on how thick your chicken
is. You want to keep the temperature the same.
I got it at 5 and you want to just leave it
there. Since I left the chicken at room temperature,
the chicken is already cooking so nicely.
If you got cold chicken it's not going to
cook as fast. It's going to take a bit longer,
so that's why I say 4-7 minutes. That is it
on cooking your chicken.