Hi it’s Jenny from the Missouri Star Quilt
Company.
We’re here to talk about appliqué.
For some of you that’s an overwhelming term,
but I want to show you how easy it is, and
how quickly you can do it.
This first example is a little pieced quilt
with Yo-Yos on it.
Even though a Yo-Yo doesn’t look like an
appliqué piece, you attach it the same way
that you do with appliqué.
Appliqué is any time you attach something
on top of your base fabric.
It’s not pieced in, it’s actually on top.
Let’s look at some other examples.
These are Dresden plates, for those of you
who know me; you know I’m a little Dresden
crazy.
These are again attached on top of the fabric,
you use the same stitch, and so if you’re
sewing any of these little things on like
this, you are already appliquéing.
This piece right here I have sewn on with
the sewing machine.
That’s machine appliqué.
It’s just as easy as that.
So let’s look here.
This is a different process.
This is a process known as needle turn appliqué.
You can’t see any of the stitches on top;
it’s still done by hand.
This type of appliqué starts to look a little
bit more overwhelming.
This is actually for a quilt I’m working
on.
Jan Patek teaches here with us, and she does
a lot of needle turn appliqué, and this is
for a quilt that I am working on for one of
her classes, and it’s all little hand-sewn
pieces under there.
It begins to look a little overwhelming under
there, but you have to
remember, it’s one piece at a time, one
little block at a time, it’s not hard at
all.
Here’s one of Jan’s quilts that’s a
little more intimidating, but again, it’s
one little star, and seriously, when you learn
with the needle turn appliqué when you are
doing it by hand and sewing it with needle
and thread, when you learn to do a point and
you learn to do a curve, there isn’t anything
you can’t do in appliqué.
Now this right here looks like a fun really
cute stand alone little baby quilt made with
a jellyroll, but look what happens when we
add this little appliqué on the bottom.
This is machine appliqué, and we’ve added
some sailboats on here, and it adds an entirely
different element.
It is absolutely adorable.
We’ve just machine stitched across this
with a buttonhole stitch.
You can use any kind of stitch, and it adds
so much to this darling little quilt.
We hope you enjoyed this quick overview on
appliqué from the Missouri Star Quilt Company.