Rainbow Warrior here and today I'm going to
show you how to knit this cable beanie with
two different cable variations.
i think this hat looks great and this pattern
is much more simple than it looks.
So let me show you what you need and let's
get started.
I am using size 8 circular needles.
This pattern can be made on straight as well
of course.
A stitch marker if you're using circular needles
and I'm using Red Heart Super Saver in the
color Aran and you also need something to
use as a cable maker.
I am using a paper clip, you can use a double
pointed needle or any other object you may
have.
You also need scissors and a tapestry needle
to sew your ends in at the end.
We're going to begin with a long-tail cast
on because this is a stretchy method so I'm
going to measure out a decently length tail
and you can make a slip knot if you wish and
put this on your needle, however, I like to
just simply hold it on my needle like so with
my finger.
Now we're going to pick up the yarn thats
by our ball with our pointer and the tail
with our thumb and we're going to begin casting
on by threading under and the thumb and then
under the pointer and I am casting on 80 stitches
for my hat.
For this pattern, we're going to want to cast
on in multiples of 16.
And if you would like to make this hat with
only one of the cables, either the big jumbo
cable or the twist spiral cable then please
visit my blog where the pattern will be listed
to each variation of this hat.
Alright now that I have all of my stitches
cast on you want to make sure they're not
twisted.
And I'm using another piece of yarn for my
stitch marker.
I just made a slip knot and place it to mark
the beginning of my round.
Alright and then to join my round.
I'm simply going to knit the first stitch.
I like to place my tail over the needle like
so to help lock it in the back and now I'm
going to begin my 1 by 1 rib so I knit 1,
purl 1 and I'm doing this all the way around,
knitting 1, moving my yarn, purling 1 and
I'm going to do mine for 10 rounds.
However of course you can make this as thick
as you wish and if you want you can do another
rib as well, a 2 by 2 rib, a 4 by 4 rib, whatever
you want the look of and if you're working
on circular needles when you get back around
to the beginning of our round, we're simply
going to move our stitch marker on to the
next needle and continue with our pattern.
And if you're using straight needles, hopefully
you know that you need to add an edge stitch
to this pattern in order to seam up your hat
at the end.
I have done 10 rounds of my rib and 1 repeat
of my cable pattern.
Here you can see my twist cable as well as
the jumbo cable.
And this pattern is made up over 8 rounds.
For round 1 we're going to begin by purling
3, knitting 4.
1, 2, 3, and 4, and this knit 4 is where we're
going to make our twist cable.
Purl 3.
1, 2, and 3, and knit 6.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 and this knit 6 section
is where we're going to make our jumbo cable.
If you're working with straight needles, then
you're simply going to start on the wrong
side and do the exact opposite.
So we're knitting 3, purling 4, knit 3, purl
6.
And we're going to repeat this pattern all
the way around.
For round 2, if you're working with straight
needles you will be working on the right side
so you will be doing the same thing as I am.
We are purling 3, and now we're going to cable
and we're doing something a little different
from a normal cable we're going to insert
our paper clip in to the first 2 stitches
and hold them in the back.
And now we're going to knit the next 2 stitches
off our needles and now rearrange your stitches
and normally you knit those two stitches off
but we're going to purl that first stitch
and this prevents the cable from crossing
and gives us our spiral look.
So we're purling the first stitch off of our
cable maker and we're going to knit the next
stitch 
and the purpose for doing that first purl
stitch is rather than in a normal cross with
the two sections crossing it gives us a nice
twist look.
So its just a different type of cable really.
And to finish off our round we're going to
purl 3 and knit 6.
And we are repeating this all the way around.
So we're doing our twist 4 back purl for each
knit 4 section.
Rounds 3-5 are all going to be the same as
round 1.
We're purling 3 for our purl section, knitting
4, purling 3 again and knitting 6.
And if you're working on straight needles
every even row is going to be the same as
the circular needles and every odd row you're
going to do the opposite and what I mean by
opposite is every opposite of a knit is a
purl stitch and the opposite of a purl is
a knit stitch.
And we're repeating this pattern all the way
around for rounds 3 through 5.
And on round 6 we're going to do our crosses
for both our cables so thats going to look
like this we're going to purl 3.
Then we're going to do our same twist 4 back
purl by cabling the first 2 stitches, holding
them in the back, knitting the next 2 stitches
off of our needle 
and then don't forget to move your yarn because
we're purling the first stitch off of our
cable maker and then knitting the next one.
So there's our twist and we're cabling every
row 2 and 6 for that twist cable.
Now we're purling 3 and on row 6 we're also
going to do our large cable.
We're going to do a cable 6 back so we're
going to insert our paperclip into the first
3 stitches, pull them off and hold them in
the back.
Knit the next 3 stitches off your needle 
and then knit those 3 off your cable maker.
And we're repeating this all the way around
for round 6.
Round 7 and 8 are going to be the same as
our round 1.
So our purl 3, knit 4, purl 3, knit 6 and
basically this pattern is the same throughout
our rounds except for crossing our twist cable
on rounds 2 and 6 and we're crossing our large
cable on round 6 as well.
And this pattern will be written out in the
description below for both circular needles
and straight needles.
So here I am purling 3, and knitting 6 from
our previous cable.
And rounds 1 through 8 make up our pattern.
We're going to repeat these rounds until we
have the length needed for our hat.
After repeating my pattern, my hat is now
the perfect length for my size head.
I repeated my cable pattern three times and
if you're making this for a large adult size
I would recommend making this just a little
bit longer.
My hat currently measures 6 inches and if
you need to keep going you don't have to necessarily
end on the 8th row for this pattern.
You can make the rib section longer or shorter
as well if you need to play around with the
right measurement for this hat.
To begin closing, I'm doing something a little
different from a normal hat closure and this
is because we have cables of different sizes
around our hat and rather than decreasing
evenly.
I want to decrease in order for our pattern
to look nice.
So I'm going to purl 1, purl 2 together, knit
1, and knit 2 together.
I'm going to knit 1, purl 1, purl 2 together,
knit 2, and knit 2 together and 
knit 2.
I'm going to repeat this all the way around
for my decrease row and as you can see my
decreases are nice and hidden and these knit
2 together and purl 2 together decreases will
slant to the right.
I'm going to knit 1 round in pattern between
the decrease rows and what i mean by that
is knit every knit stitch and purl every purl
stitch.
This is going to be the same if you're working
on straight needles and therefore working
on the opposite or wrong side.
So i'm just purling the first 2 stitches,
knitting the next 3, purling the next 2, and
knitting 5 and I'm doing this all the way
around.
Time for our next decrease and what we're
going to do is go in pattern so that all of
our decreases are still slanting to the right
nice and evenly.
So we're going to begin by purling 2 together,
then we're going to be knitting 2 together,
and knitting 1, now purling 2 together, knitting
1, knitting 2 together 
and knitting 2 and again repeating this all
the way around.
Alright and don't forget every other round,
we're knitting 1 round where we're not decreasing.
So knitting every knit stitch and purling
every purl stitch.
For our next round of decrease we're knitting
our first 2 together, knitting 2 together
again, knitting 2 together for a third time,
and knitting 2 together for the last time.
Alright and now I have enough stitches remaining
to close up my hat and whats great about circular
needles is if you want to get your hat right
you can tighten on the top like this and try
it right no while it is still on the circular
needles.
So I highly recommend using circular needles
if you are in to making hats.
So we are going to cut a medium length tail
to close off our hat.
We're going to thread our tapestry needle
and simply starting with our first stitch
we are going to enter it knitwise and pull
our tail all the way through and we're going
to do this for each stitch all the way round
our hat.
Enter each stitch knitwise and pulling all
the way through until we get to the end of
our hat.
After you have gone all the way around and
all your stitches are off your needles, as
you can see I kept this fairly loose, you
can now pull tight and put your tapestry needle
through the center of the hat.
And pull the tail to close it just like so
and then you're going to sew you end tails
in for your completed project.
So I'm extremely happy with the look of this
hat.
I think it looks really great on.
I love the look of the two different cables
and again if you just want to use one of these
cable designs for hat look make sure to check
out the link below to my blog post and my
written pattern.
So thank you so much for watching.
Please be sure to give a thumbs up if you
enjoyed this pattern.
Subscribe for more tutorials and hopefully
I'll see you in my next video.
Thanks for watching, bye.