Hey friends, it's Rosie from I Heart
Recipes, and in this video, I'm going to
show you how I'm making my southern
smothered oxtails in my slow cooker. So
I'm going to start off with my oxtails.
Now I want you to wash your oxtails and
I want you to decide whether or not you
want to trim some of the fat, that's
totally up to you. We're going to season
the oxtails with some kosher salt
and some freshly ground black pepper, and
I'm also going to add some parsley
flakes. Now if you've been watching me
for quite some time, you know I like
parsley flakes. If you do not, you don't
have to use them. Now the next ingredient
that we'll be adding in some Worcestershire
sauce. Now you know I'm probably
not saying that right, but I'm pretty
sure you know what I'm trying to say,
right. So now I'm going to make sure
these oxtails are nicely coated with
everything that I seasoned them with, and
I'm also going to sprinkle in some
all-purpose flour. That flour is going to
help me brown my oxtails. Now this is
how I make my southern smothered oxtails.
If you have a different way, that's
totally fine. I'm only here to show you
how I make mine. Now on my stovetop, I
have this pan. It has some vegetable oil in
it. I have my pan over a medium heat and
I'm going to brown my oxtails on the
surfaces of the oxtails. Once it's nicely
brown to my preference, I'll remove the
oxtails. I have some stuff at the bottom
of my pan, I want to get it out but I did
save the oil and I'm going to make my
gravy. So we're going to start adding in
some all-purpose flour,
a little bit at a time. And then we're
going to whisk it until everything is
nice and lump-free. Now eventually, this
will get chunky like this, it's gonna
look like chunky peanut butter. Once it
gets to that point, and once it's that
color, we're going to start adding in
some water or beef broth. Now that is
completely up to you,
beef broth does add more flavor but
water does work. I'm actually using water
now. You're probably just gonna have to
season your gravy a little more if you
use regular water. So now we're going to
whisk everything, we're going to bring it
to a boil. Once it's at a full boil, you
will have an idea on how thick your
gravy will be. We're going to start
adding in some sliced onions; you can
slice yours thinner if you want. And I'm
also going to start adding in some fresh
minced garlic, okay. So once those are in
there, let's mix everything. And I'm going
to add some salt and pepper at this time.
Then you want to mix it and you're going
to take - do a taste test, okay, do a taste
test with the spoon. But don't double dip
because that is just plain nasty! No one
wants your spoon in the pot, you know, so
yeah, don't do that.
So now let's head over to our slow
cooker. Let's place all our oxtail at the
bottom of that slow cooker, and now I'm
going to pour the gravy all over those
oxtails. Next you're going to pretty much turn
the oxtails, you want to make sure they're
nice and coated with the gravy, and then
we're going to set our slow cooker on
high and let it cook for eight hours.
Don't try to rush anything,
eight hours, okay. Once your oxtails are
done, this is what they look like. Of
course you want them to cool down
because they are extremely hot. Let them
sit for about 10 minutes before serving,
and the gravy goes great over mashed
potatoes or rice. I decided to go with
rice this time around. I usually do rice
anyway or grits. And you know what, these
were so good and tender. But I could tell
you how good they were, or I could show
you. Let me show you, okay - look how the
meat just comes off the bone! That is
eight hours in the slow cooker. Don't
forget that you can print out this
recipe from my blog as well as many more
of my recipes, so head over to I Heart
Recipes.com, and I'll see you soon.