let's talk about choosing a color. you
want to get it right the first time, and
there are thousands of colors.
we only sell a few dozen, so you also
have to ask yourself, which color do you
want to match on your project? for
instance on this Barcalounger
clearly the original leather that has not
seen sunlight is radically different
than the area that has faded for many
years.
for instance here is our camel color
which would be the closest match with
the faded areas, but it's clearly too
light for the original, and for the
original it would be maybe this is cognac,
rust, and cherrywood, and i would guess
would be maybe a mixture of the rust and
the cherrywood, and all three of these
are clearly too dark for the faded, so
you can decide, you can choose which
color you want to match,
bearing in mind you know that one might
be more work than the other. it will be
more like a color change, and also there
are a lot of leathers and vinyls out
there that are a base and print which
are two distinct colors. there is a base
color and then a lacing or printing over
the top of a different color, and your
eye from a short distance reads it as
one color, but it is two distinct colors
and to replicate that effect you have to
get a little creative with your
application process
most people just use a single color and
blend and glaze outward and get a great
result and are happy with it.
the same is true also for distressed
leathers which have sort of different
tones. they're basically the same color
but there are lighter and darker areas,
so you have two different options as far
as choosing a color trying to get it
right. you can send us a self-addressed
stamped envelope and write on the back
what colors you'd like to see, and we'll
mail you some of these. or for a small
fee, you can send us a sample in the mail
or UPS, FedEx, and we will analyze our
stock colors and combinations of stock
colors against your sample and make a
recommendation if any of those
work. and if not, we can also formulate a
custom color for an additional fee.
and as far as what sample to send, very
often, on nice pieces of furniture there
will be a swatch sewn in of the original
underneath that you can cut and send to us.
you can also try to flip the piece on
its side and trim some away from where
it has been stapled to the frame. on this
one
you could also just send us the whole
case in the mail.
we've even had customers send us paint
chips of the color they want or the
color they're trying to match, and if you
want your sample back with the products
just let us know, we will return it.