Hi, this is Yolanda from Vanveenbulbs dot
com. In this segment, I'm going to talk about
how to grow day lilies in Oregon. Now, I grew
up in a Cicada in near mount hood. So I'm
very familiar with growing flowers in Oregon.
And we live in a very mild climate. And we're
exactly halfway between the equator and the
north pole. So right at that fifty or forty
five latitude. Which is wonderful for plants,
because we have perfect seasons. Exactly three
months of summer, three months of winter,
and three months of fall and spring. So, we
are so lucky we can plant pretty much anything
in our garden and it will do well. Especially
daylilies. So the trick with daylilies is
planting any time of the year in Oregon, because
they can survive the winter. So it doesn't
matter if you plant them in the middle of
winter. They'll still come up and do really
well. But they're mostly sold in the spring,
either in a container growing or by the bare
root. And at that time, in the spring, plant
them in a sunny spot in your yard. So daylilies
are just a root. And they're not a true bulb,
because they come as a root, and they've got
lots of greeneries. And then the blooms come
up and bloom all summer long. They're not
used as a cut flower too much because they
don't last as a cup flower. So as long as
their root is covered and the green is exposed,
it'll grow. So just make sure that the root
is covered, and I like to actually kind of
clump up my roots because they need to be
crowded to bloom, so it's almost better instead
of just planting one, I should just have four
together, clumped, because that will get more
blooms right away next summer. Because one
by itself probably won't get a lot of blooms
the first year. But they do multiply quickly,
and over the years you'll get so many more.
Make sure and keep them in a sunny spot, and
raise beds or somewhere where they're going
to get good drainage. They don't want to sit
in muck all winter long. And make sure that
you use good composted soil, and you don't
really need a lot of fertilizer. I've never
fertilized mine, and they've come back for
years and years. Divide them out when they
get crowded, any time they're not blooming,
especially in the fall or the winter, and
plant them right back again, and they'll do
so well for you.