In this video I am going to talk about how
to use thin yoyo lube to prolong the life
of your bearing.
We have got another video about using thick
yoyo lube to help your yoyo play more responsive,
so check that out.
Like I said, with thin lube the purpose of
thin lube is to maintain your bearing.
To keep it from wearing out, to keep it from
rusting, while at the same time allowing it
play unresponsive.
So in this video the first thing I want to
do is to address some myths that have come
up about thin lube.
Then I want to help you know when the best
time and how often to lube your bearing is,
and then finally I am going to give you a
method for lubing your bearing that seems
to work really well and help your yoyo play
as good as it can.
So like I said.
There are a couple of myths that come up around
thin lube, as funny as that may sound, that
whenever people use thin lube and they don't
really know what it's for they end up being
disappointed with the result, so let me address
those.
The first one is that a lot of players think
that the purpose of thin lube is to help their
yoyos spin longer, and in fact this isn't
the case.
When used properly, thin yoyo lube will keep
the yoyo spinning just as long as it did before.
It won't help or hurt your spin time.
Though what happens a lot of times is players
who think this will get a yoyo and it's brand
new and it doesn't have any lube in it so
they will throw and they'll see how long it
sleeps.
Then they'll put some lube in and they'll
throw it again and it's pretty much the same
and so then they will put a lot of lube in
it thinking that will help.
Then strangely enough, their yoyo doesn't
spin as long and in fact it might even make
the yoyo start to play a little bit responsive
which can be really irritating if you are
getting an unresponsive yoyo.
That is in fact what will happen if you put
in too much thin lube, it will start to flood
the bearing and it will start to decrease
spin time and it will make your yoyo play
a little bit responsive.
Now I think that actually gave rise to the
second myth which is that if you talk to some
yoyo players who have been yoyoing for a really
long time they'll actually tell you that using
thin lube on your bearings is a bad idea.
I think this myth goes back to the early days
of unresponsive yoyoing where players didn't
really know exactly the best way to lube their
bearings and they weren't sure how just everything
worked together so again in a lot of cases,
bearings were getting over lubed and those
types of things were happening where bearings
didn't sleep as long, they start to become
a little bit responsive, and so a lot of players
just gave up.
They basically said, you know we are just
not ever going to use this we are just going
to play with the bearings dry.
Now the reason you don't want to do that is
because if you play with your bearing dry
it is going to wear out really really fast.
Sometimes I've had bearings that have worn
out in just one week because I didn't lube
them.
Most cases I think bearings will last about
a month and they'll completely wear out and
they will need to be replaced.
But if you lube your bearings properly with
thin lube, then not only is it going to sleep
just as well as they did before but they are
going to last a lot longer and I mean a lot
longer.
Months and months and in most cases the bearing
will last the whole life of the yoyo.
That will really save you a lot of money because
one bottle of our thin lube the YoyoTricks.com
Thin Yoyo Lube costs less then just about
any decent bearing that's on the market.
If that can keep your bearings playing a lot
longer, so it's going to add up over time
so it's a good idea to do that.
The other thing that's nice about our lube
is if you do happen to over lube your bearing
and it starts to play responsive.
YoYoTricks.com Thin Yoyo Lube actually kind
of thins itself out and will allow the yoyo
to play unresponsive again.
So if you lube your bearing and it is starting
to play responsive and you don't want that,
just play with it for a good five or ten minutes
and eventually you will see the yoyo starts
to play unresponsive the way that it should.
The next thing is how often and when should
you lube your bearing?
So this what I do, whenever I get a new yoyo
I'll usually play with it for five or ten
minutes just to see how it plays and how things
go.
Then I'll take the yoyo apart and I'll lube
the bearing almost right away.
Then you don't really need to lube your bearing
again until it starts to make noise, usually
it's like a louder noise or maybe the pitch
of the bearing or the sound that it's making
will change a little bit.
Usually when that happens, it will start to
feel a little bit gritty, even the sound of
it sounds a little bit gritty, if you don't
lube your bearing when those changes start
to happen, then your spin times will quickly
start to diminish.
Your bearing will start to become responsive
and it will need to be replaced.
But as soon as you start hearing those sounds
if you lube the bearing the way that I show
you, in just about every case that's going
to make the bearing go right back to playing
just about well as it did as when it was brand
new.
It will really save your bearing and, again,
you will be able to use it for a very long
time.
Now there is one other time where you are
going to want to lube the bearing that might
not be so intuitive.
That's when you have a responsive yoyo that
actually plays as responsive as you want it
to play without any lube at all.
There are two yoyos that I was thinking of
when I was thinking about this and the first
one is the Unleashed and the other one is
the F.A.S.T. 201.
Both of those yoyos have such an aggressive
response system that even with out lube they
play just as responsive as you like.
So a better idea than using thick lube when
normally playing with a responsive yoyo is
to just lube those bearings with thin lube
and those bearings will spin as long as they
always did when they were dry but they won't
wear out in the same way.
So that is just something to keep in mind.
So like I said next I am just going to show
you a good method for lubing your yoyos, it's
pretty easy, that way it will keep them working
properly and will help you maintain those
bearings.
So as you can see you got your yoyo with your
bearing that needs to be lubed.
You can see this one has a couple of dings
in it because I have been using this yoyo
for a while so it is a good time to lube the
bearing.
I also got my thin yoyo lube and as you can
see, the thin lube, its got a fine point applicator
on it and so that makes it a lot easier to
get a very small amount of lube in your bearing
which is important, especially for thin lube.
I also got a sheet of paper here which is
just to soak up any excess lube.
So of course you want to take the yoyo apart.
I am going to set that string off to the side,
we might use that later.
Then if the bearing is stuck on there a little
bit tight you can always use your multitool
to get that bearing out, as you can see that
comes right off.
Then I am going to put that bearing on the
piece of paper and just put the yoyo off to
the side.
Get out our thin lube.
What I do is I turn the bottle over and what
when I do that lube starts to come out a little
tiny bit and you can actually see a little
bit of lube pooling right under the tip of
the lube bottle and so if I touch it to the
paper you can see a really small amount has
come out.
What I usually do is just give it a little
bit of a squeeze until about half of a drop
has come out and what I mean by that is that
a full drop would actually drip right off
the tip of the bearing.
You don't want that much lube you want less
than that.
About a half a drop maybe even less than that
it doesn't take much to lube your bearing.
So once you got the right amount you can touch
to the shield of the bearing if your bearing
has shields.
If it doesn't, if you got a shieldless bearing
you can just touch this to one or two of the
balls and that will kind of do the job.
When you do that you probably can't see it
in the video, but the lube actually pooled
around about halfway around the bearing before
it all sinks in.
If that's the case that's exactly the right
amount of lube.
Sometimes when you do it, it will pool all
the way around, that's a little more than
you need, but like we said if you use the
yoyo that lube will thin out.
So what I do after is I just flip the bearing
over and I rub it on the paper.
Since the paper is not super absorbent it's
going to take away any excess lube that's
on the surface but it's not going to pull
any out of the bearing.
Then I do the same thing on the other side,
about a half a drop touch it on the bearing
you can see it pool a little bit flip it over
and just move it over the paper to dry it
off.
Now if you got any lube on the outside of
the bearing or just anywhere where you don't
want it you can always use like a towel or
paper towel or something like that to get
the extra lube off.
Sometimes I don't feel like getting up, I'll
just take my yoyo string that's old and just
kind of get all that extra lube off the bearing,
you can do whatever you want.
But really that's it, it's that simple and
then you're just going to take the bearing
back in your yoyo and put it back together
and you are good to go.