Hello my creative tribe welcome back I'm
Disha and I'm here to help you
transform your house into a home and
today we are gonna make poor man's
bonsai. What is that? well, it's a Japanese
art of growing plants on a moss ball.
it's actually called Kokedama which is
a Japanese word. Koke means
moss and dama means ball. so it is an art
of growing plants.... ornamental plants on
ball of moss. So today we are going to
make Kokedama which you can keep
indoors as well as outdoors. So let's begin. Alright! so things you will need
to make Kokedama are compost one part,
coco peat one part, garden soil half part,
a tray or bowl to mix all the
ingredients, gardening gloves, scissors,
sprayer and some water. Other than that
you will need twine or you can take yarn
in any color.
or a simple string. Just remember
that it should be strong enough so that
it can hold the weight of Kokedama and
of course you'll need some plants. I have
taken ginger plant, spider plant and
celosia for its beautiful flowers. I have
added all the information regarding what
kind of plants can be used for Kokedama
in the description below and of course
in the last you will need moss which is
very important.
Sphagnum Moss is what you will need but I
didn't get it in any local nursery
nearby so I got this moss stick. It actually
has dried moss but it will definitely
work so I just cut open it and took out
all the moss though it has a lot of
coco coir inside it but doesn't matter
because it also holds the moisture. Main
purpose of choosing moss is because it
holds moisture.
So the first step is to soak the moss in
water next up we'll mix all the
ingredients together. Soil, compost and
coco peat I have added fertilizer in
small amount. Now give it a good mix
now add some water and make a
consistency of dough. Now take a small
amount of soil in hands and squeeze out
extra water and then make a ball of soil.
It should look like this. Now keep it
aside.
Spread the plastic sheet on work area.
Next take out the moss from water and
wring it to remove the water and then
spread it on a plastic sheet. Remember
that green side of the moss should face
down.
Now crack open the ball in two parts
like so and keep it aside now we'll get our
plant ready. Remove the plant from the
pot and loosen the soil around the root
but make sure that you are not
disturbing the root system and then
place the roots of plant in the center
of the ball and then you have to make
the ball again like so and at this
stage if you want you can add some more soil.
Now place this soil ball on the moss and
then gently pick up the plastic sheet
and try to wrap moss around the soil
ball. Try to make a perfect sphere.
Now it's time to wrap string around the
moss ball and you can wrap it randomly
or in any fashion you like. You can use
yarn in different color like yellow, red
orange whatever color you like or you
can take thin rope or string to keep it invisible.
And then make a knot in the end and tie
a string so that you can hang it. Now to
water you Kokedama you can either use
sprayer or just let it sit in a bowl
full of water for at least 3-4 minutes
and that's it.
And here is one Kokedama ball is ready
this looks absolutely stunning. So let's
see where I'm gonna hang it. I'm gonna
make few more and then I'll show you.
Yeah so I really hope you enjoyed this
video and you will be making your own
Kokedama very soon and if you do then
don't forget to share the images on my
Instagram or just email me at designdecoranddisha@gmail.com so that's all
for today.
I'll see you soon in my next video till
then wish you all love, luck & sunshine.
bye bye!!!