Hello, My name's Grady Johnson and I am a
professional painter and today I represent
Expert Village dot com. Now I am going to
talk a little bit about taping and priming.
Now you want to go ahead and tape first, because
if you're going to do any priming, you want
to be able to work around places you're going
to tape. Now I don't do a lot of taping because
I'm a painter and I know how to cut a pretty
sharp line. However, if you're not a painter,
and you're new to this, you may want to consider
doing the taping as much as you can simply,
because it's going to give you a sharp line.
Now always use the blue painters' tape, the
blue tape doesn't stick as much as the yellow
tape does, and it's going to do a much better
job. Okay, now when we look at the area, we
can see here that all of our prep work's already
been done. We've gone over it, we've wiped
it all down, but it still looks like we can
hit this a little more so I am going to just
knock it a little bit; sometimes it's just
another angle it needs, eh it looks alright,
that's not too bad, up and up. I'm going to
hit it again with my sandpaper to be sure.
And, that's the way this work is, you're going
to go back over, you can see places you've
missed, just pick it up as you go. Once you're
satisfied with that wipe it down with your
tack cloth, at this point I'd just carry a
tack cloth with you because you're going to
want to be sure the area is good and clean,
and then I'd lift the window a little bit,
to see what you've got to work with. So dust
the area down real good, and start your taping.
Now use the blue tape it's going to work best
for you and it's going to make a much prettier
line. That way when it comes off it's going
to come off clean. So go ahead and pull it
out, and start it in the corner. Once you've
got the corner set just bring it on down.
Okay, now you just want to work that; now
see how I'm pulling it out as I go and then
working it with my fingers to get it in where
I want it. And, you just bring that on down.
Straighten it all up, then you just even it
on out with your blade; pull it up along that
line. Now, this can be your best friend if
you're not really sharp with a brush. Once
we have everything taped off well, we're going
to want to do our spot priming okay. I'm going
to show you that now, even though I would
normally just finish taping everywhere along
here. I have a little spot that I can do right
here, just to give you a rough idea, so we're
going to go ahead and do the spot priming
right here as we go along, once we have that
taped off. I don't do a lot of taping because,
I can, I can do it, I just want to kind of
show you how that works. We want to go ahead
and prime this area and just get that primer
in all the areas that are raw there like you
see here, now you can see this oil paint does
cover really, really, well and it's going
to seal that all up. Just be careful not to
get it up on that other surface. And, just
kind of spread that around a little bit. Alright,
now you see how it kind of pulled up on my
primer so I'll have to go back over that.
Now a lot of times when you're working you're
going to see little areas that need more and
you're going to do that. Now remember whenever
you spot primer, don't leave little lines
on here, just feather the stuff out a little
bit. Okay, and these new oils dry much faster
than the old oils did, so you do need to move
them a little quicker than you did with the
old, old paints. If you used to paint in oil
and you're used to it drying really slow,
this is going to go much faster for you. Alright,
well I've got that place spot primed, now
I've got a few other places I want to tape
and I've got some other priming I need to
do around the room. But these are just a few
of the things to keep in mind whenever you're
doing your taping and your priming to prepare
your room for painting in oil paint.