Welcome to the Nespresso Assistance video on descaling your Lattissima Touch machine.
To obtain a perfect cup of coffee, time after time,
we recommend that you descale your Lattissima Touch machine when needed.
According to your consumption profile as well as the water hardness you have set in the machine,
the machine will trigger a descaling alert visible on the top of the machine.
If your consumption profile is made mostly of Cappuccino, Latte Macchiato or warm milk froth,
then the descaling alert will come earlier than if you do only coffee.
Lift and close the lever to eject the used capsule in the capsule container.
Empty the drip tray and used capsule container, then remove the water tank.
The water tank can now be filled with 100ml of Nespresso descaling agent and 500ml of water.
You will then need to retrieve the descaling pipe connector which is located in the storage door.
Plug the pipe into the steam connector on the front of the machine.
The machine will then go into descaling mode. the descaling alert blinks orange during the entire descaling process.
 The Warm milk froth button shines white
Place a container with a minimum 1 litre capacity under both the coffee outlet and the descaling pipe.
Press the warm milk froth button to start the descaling process.
The descaling agent will flow through the coffee outlet, descaling pipe and drip tray alternately.
When the water tank is empty the descaling cycle has finished.
The warm milk froth button will shine white.
You can now empty the drip tray and capsule container. 
Rinse and refill the water tank with drinking water to the maximum level.
Press the warm milk froth button again to begin the rinsing cycle.
Water will continue to pour through the descaling pipe, coffee outlet and drip tray until the water tank is empty.
Once the rinsing cycle is complete the machine will turn itself off.
Remove the descaling pipe and it place back into the storage door. 
Again, empty the drip tray, capsule container and then fill the water tank back up with fresh drinking water.
Wipe the machine down with a clean, damp cloth.
You have now finished descaling your Lattissima Touch machine.