Hello, my name is Grady Johnson and I'm a
professional painter and today I represent
expertvillage.com. Now, I want to talk a little
bit about caulking in your bathroom when you're
preparing to paint for oil paint. Now, caulking
is essential to any painting, because that's
what fills in all the cracks. Remember, when
you're working with an acrylic latex caulk,
it doesn't sand, so smooth out the lines all
the way. Don't leave any ridges or burrs on
there and you shouldn't ever have any problem.
Now, whenever you're caulking, you want to
have just a good, regular caulking gun. There
are a lot of different types out there. Just
be sure that the plunger does work, it has
a cut-off button, and you have something to
poke the diaphragm of the caulking tube with.
The caulking tube is real simple. It just
needs to be cut at an angle so that you can
work with it. And then, don't cut the hole
too bit or too little, that way it will get
a nice flow. And then, you just poke the little
diaphragm down there to allow the caulking
to come through. And then, you take the caulking
gun and then just pull the caulking out. My
beads started. Run a little bead out there.
Get that started, then I'm going to wipe that
on out. Now, wipe that out. When I wipe it
out, I want to be sure to get any of these
little ridges off of here and even that on
out because caulking does not sand. It's going
to dry hard just the way it's left. So you
want to smooth everything on out. Now this
looks like we need to bring it around a little
bit here. See that's a little dirty. I'll
just take my 5 in 1 and pop that in the corner
to be sure that's nice and clean. That way
I know that's going to stick to that. And
you'll find that as you go along, little places
you need to just touch up on a little bit
from your prep work. Put a bead in there and
then just jump in there and pull that on around.
Now you see you got up on there, nothing to
worry about. Just even that on out and wipe
that out as well. And then I'm going to go
ahead and run something along the edge here.
Now you see I'm getting everything that I
can reach from this position because right
now I'm seated. If I can sit down or get a
comfortable spot, I'm going to use that. That's
the kind of painter I am and I recommend you
do the same. The day is long. Don't make it
any harder than it has to be. I'm going to
go ahead and hit this line and bring that
up just as far as I can reach it. And once
you have your caulking bead on there, just
run that out with your finger. A lot of this
is just looking, if you see that you've closed
it up, then great. If it's too much caulking,
you'll have a bunch of roll-over ridges that
you'll have to wipe out. If it's not enough
caulking, you'll see little black spots in
your line which shows that there are holes
there. You need just to add a little more
caulking. Well, I still have a lot of caulking
to go. I even got to do the insides of these
cabinets. But these are a few of the tips
you want to keep in mind whenever you're doing
the caulking for your bathroom, when you're
getting ready to paint it in oil paint.