Welcome to Panlasang Pinoy! How are you? I'm Vanjo Merano
Today we'll cook Chicken Cordon Bleu with Dijon Cream Sauce
These are the ingredients for this recipe
boneless chicken breast
ham
swiss cheese
we'll fry this later so we'll be needing panko bread crumb
usually, people use ordinary bread crumb
eggs
for our sauce, we will use heavy whipping cream
dijon mustard
butter
and onion
aside from these ingredients, we'll be needing salt and cooking oil
let's start
first is flatten the chicken breast
important reminder: use boneless chicken breast. Do not use chicken with bones
place the chicken here one by one
place a cling wrap on a flat surface then cover
so I just use a cling wrap to cover the meat
so the meat won't stick to our tool which is the kitchen mallet
or meat tenderizer tool
we're using this to flatten the chicken
one side is with spikes and the other side is just flat. We'll use the flat side
pound the chicken until it's flat
repeat the same steps with the other chicken meat
let's see how's the chicken after pounding
the chicken became thinner and wider
set aside
get a clean plate
repeat the same steps with the other chicken
here are the flattened the chicken breasts. Let's move on to the next step
we will put the filling
before we put the filling, rub a bit of salt to the chicken breasts
to make it flavorful
just rub the salt on the chicken. You can use either iodized salt like this, rock salt, or any kind of salt available at your homes
even Himlayan salt will do
take the extra fats or meat coming out
here goes the ham
then roll it
then secure with a toothpick
place a toothpick here
there you go
repeat the same steps. Put the filling in the other chicken breasts
then let's prepare this for deep frying. Get ready with your eggs and panko bread crumb
this is what we should do before deep frying the chicken cordon bleu
crack the egg in a bowl and beat the egg because we'll deep it in the beaten egg then dredge in the panko bread crumb
to make it more flavorful, add salt
at this point, make sure you have pre heat the cooking oil
because after covering it with panko bread crumb, we'll start to deep fry
make sure you have clean hands
wash your hands or use gloves
dip also the sides because it's quite hard to seal the sides and usually left open
dip in the egg then dredge to the panko bread crumbs to seal it
roll on to the bread crumbs
here's the second chicken cordon bleu. We'll double coat this later to make it thicker
let's dredge again this first one.
this is the second coating
continue doing the steps then we'll fry this
preheat cooking oil. We can check the temperature by placing a bread crumb
if the the bread crumb started to fry, it means the cooking oil is ready to fry
don't make the cooking oil too hot so the bread crumbs won't get burned
so we still have time to cook the inner part. Because if we're in high heat the outer part might get burn easily
there's a tendency the outer part is already brown but the chicken inside is still raw. We don't want that to happen
set it to low to medium heat only
after 10-12  minutes, flip it
the color is just right. It's golden brown, not dark brown
temperature is the key
continue frying for 8 minutes
at this point, it's ready. Take a clean plate with paper towel
the paper towel is for the excess oil
let's take the chicken cordon bleu
see? the cheese is coming out
it looks great. It's appetizing
Now, let's make our Dijon cream sauce
preheat sauce pan
melt here the butter
here goes the butter
while the butter is melting, let's add the onion
you can use this type of onion or shallots
either of the two is alright
continue cooking until onion is soft
let's add the heavy whipping cream
mix well
wait for it to simmer
once it simmer,
take the dijon mustard
Dijon mustard is a type of mustard that you can buy from supermarkets. There you go. Put everything here
then mix well
wait for the sauce to reduce to half
add salt. Mix well
and it's ready
it's ready for our chicken cordon bleu
let's slice this
make sure the toothpick has been removed
use a serrated knife to avoid deforming
after this is adding the sauce
then we'll transfer this to a serving plate and serve
but of course let's taste before we serve
our chicken cordon bleu is ready
let's add the dijon cream sauce
It's tasting portion! Let's try our Chicken Cordon Bleu with Dijon Cream Sauce
here's a slice of Chicken Cordon Bleu. Let's add Dijon Cream Sauce
here's the sauce at the back
Here goes the sauce. There you go
Let's taste it
this is the fried chicken cordon bleu
Mmm~
OMG
The sauce is delicious
It's creamy and flavorful because of the Dijon mustard
the cheese, ham and chicken compliments with our chicken cordon bleu
So I think our chicken cordon bleu is a good match with the sauce
the chicken is juicy and tender
So that's it guys. You know the reason why I didn't talk anymore
I'll surely try this again. I seldom fry a chicken cordon bleu
It's much better than the baked chicken cordon bleu in my opinion
thank you watching this video
here's our chicken cordon bleu
I hope you try this recipe
highly recommended and delicious
if you haven't subscribe yet, please susbcribe to our Panlasang Pinoy youtube channel
if you enjoyed watching, please like this video
see you on the next video, till then!