This is Alcohol Mastery, my name’s Kevin
O’Hara, and today I’m gonna be talking
about the twelfth question of the Johns Hopkins
20 questions.
Before we get started, you can click the link
over here; click the button, if you wanna
subscribe to the channel.
Today’s question is basically about you’re
sleeping habits, do you have trouble sleeping
if you’ve been drinking.
There’s a lot of different caused by alcohol
and one of the more serious is when you’re
asleep, you need to spend a third of your
life sleeping, you need 7 or 8 hours a day.
And there’s a lot of problems that alcoholics
or problem drinkers face either through insomnia,
they can’t go to sleep, they go to sleep
but then wake up after only a couple of hours
and can’t get back to sleep again.
Their sleep patterns are broken because they
have to keep getting up to go to the toilet.
Many people use alcohol as a nightcap, to
relax them before they go to bed, a snifter
of brandy, a glass of wine, a couple of beers,
that kind of thing.
But the problem is that it doesn’t really
aid a good restful sleep.
It doesn’t help you to get into that REM
state.
In order to get into the REM’s your body
has to be free of alcohol.
Depending on how much you’ve drank the night
before, you might never get into that REM
state.
Your body can only metabolize one unit per
hour.
So, if you’ve had 3 or 4 pints of Guinness,
it could be up to 10 units of alcohol, so
that’s 10 hours before that’s completely
out of your system, and before you can go
into that REM sleep.
Now, when I was drinking, I never had a problem
going to sleep, if that’s what you’d call
it.
As soon as my head hit the pillow, I was gone;
I was out like a light.
Sometimes I don’t even remember going into
bed, so I think that my brain had shut off
before I’d even gotten into the bedroom.
But the problem was, I’d only be comatose
for two or three hours.
Then I’d wake up, I’d need to go to the
toilet, I’d need to go two or three times
a night.
The worst one, what started happening to me,
was I’d wake up after two or three hours
and my heart would just be pounding inside
my chest, and I could hear it in my head.
That really scared me.
I’d have to get up and walk around and have
some water and relax myself before I could
even get back into bed.
That was one of the scarier parts, and I don’t
know what was going on, I never went to a
doctor about it but it definitely put the
shits up me.
So that was the twelfth of the Johns Hopkins
questions, are you having trouble sleeping
because of alcohol.
Click on the link down below if you wanna
see the post, theres a bit more of an extensive
post there about this question.
Also, click on the button here to subscribe
to the channel, AlcoholMasteryTV.
Leave a comment down below as normal, or go
over to the website to leave a comment there,
we’d love to hear what you think of the
post.
I’d particularly be interested to hear about
what you have to say about the twenty questions.
Thanks for watching.
My name’s Kevin O’Hara, this is alcoholmastery.com,
onwards and upwards!