[CHEAP Air Pruning Pots]
Speaker: Wayne Meador
I have a predicament.
Remember all that lettuce and the basil that
I started?
Well, guess what?
Itís way overgrown its starting pots and
I need to transplant them and I donít have
my aquaponics system ready to go.
Besides that, itís still just a little bit
cold.
So what I decided to do was take these air
pruning pots that I bought, I think theyíre
the three gallon or four gallon air pruning
pots that I bought at High Tech Gardening
Supply in Charlotte, Iím going to transplant
some of the lettuce and some of the basil
into these pots.
Now, I realize that these two pots arenít
going to be enough to hold all that basil
and that lettuce out there, so what I decided
to do was make up some other air pruning pots
and these are the pots that you can pick up
atóoh heck, my buddy, Darrel Griffin [phonetic]
actually gave these to me because they used
to run a landscaping nursery-type business,
but you can pick these things up from a lot
of different nurseries, they have piles of
them in their back, where theyíre not going
to use them any more, maybe theyíve used
them three or four times and they canít use
them any more.
You can find them at job sites where theyíre
doing the final landscaping, usually in new
home developments, and theyíre discarding
these pots in the dumpsters.
What I did then was use a hole saw thatís
a 1-7/8î, it just happens to be the one that
I had, thereís really no right or wrong way
to do it, but drilled holes around this.
Then this landscape fabric happened to come
from, that was real easy to find, let me show
you.
It came from here, you see that garden?
Well, this garden is covered in that landscape
fabric or that shade fabric and so I just
went out here and pulled some of it up and
I used it and Iím repurposing it into the
pots.
Another clever trick that you can do is you
can take old, used dirt from other pots and
planters that you have from previous years.
This stuff has been sitting here throughout,
probably about two years now, itís just got
a big root ball, but I pulled all that dirt
off and I also pulled it out of this planter
as well, it was full of roots.
So I broke all that up, I mixed it up in this
little cart and then I put the bad dirtóI
say bad dirtóthe dirt thatís been sitting
there that had the roots in it in the bottom
of these pots and then I mixed up some other
dirt and let me just show you what Iím using.
Thereís no real scientific method to the
way Iím doing this.
I had mixed up a bunch of potting soil that
had fish emulsion in it, and I didnít like
it.
I just think that it didnít do very well
and so I poured that five-gallon bucket that
I had, it had some perlite in it and it was
a mixture of my fish emulsion potting mix,
then I also mixed in some additional coco
coir, some organic composted cow manure, and
some organic potting mix and that stuff actually
seemed to be okay.
So I mixed all that together and thatís what
Iím going to finish filling out the rest
of these air pruning containers with.
[Music plays while filling dirt in containers.]
Iím just going to add a very thin layer of,
itís basically this cow manure, some coco
coir, and some leaves that have been mulching
over the winter and itís thin, so I can take
it up just a little bit higher than what you
would want to plant your lettuce normally
because itís going to settle and itís very
lightweight.
This is more just to act as a moisture barrier.
The reason Iím doing everything in pots this
year is because I donít know how long Iím
going to be staying where Iím at and so right
now I am trying to plant everything in pots
so I can move it in and out.
I had to get all of the plants out of this
tray so that I can use the tray for more starts
and also so that they can get out and start
to be hardened off outside, because I think
the weather is going to warm up for us.
This is all there is to it.
Thank you all for watching, God bless.
[Follow-Up After Video]
Thank you so much for watching, it really
means a lot to me that youíre here supporting
to me.
So if you could, while youíre here, if you
donít mind just dropping down below the video
and clicking subscribe if youíre not already
subscribed, but give us a thumbs up or a thumbs
down.
A rating of some kind, to YouTube, is better
than no rating at all.
So Iíd really like to get your feedback that
way.
Leave me a comment or any questions you have
and Iíll be glad to answer them.
Thank you, God bless.
[End of Audio]
Transcription by Fiverr.com bethfys