A huge welcome to Steve's kitchen, today
we're making a classic Australian
biscuit, it's an Anzac biscuit or cookie
to my friends there in the USA. It's very
similar to sweet biscuits.
These are super delicious now ANZAC's
are Australian & New Zealand Army Corps
They are a biscuit that was sent out to
the troops during World War one, so you
can think of them as a biscuit that you
could bake for those that are in your
mind perhaps but not necessarily in your
sight and the added bonus is they're
super delicious and really quite easy to
make so come on I'll show you how to
make Anzac biscuits. I'll start with
combining my dry ingredients in a bowl
we've got one cup of sugar, 1 cup of
rolled oats, a cup full of desiccated
coconut and one cup of all-purpose flour.
Now just give those a little toss
through, I've got a hundred and fifteen
grams of salted butter and that's about
4 ounces. I'm just going to melt that butter
in a saucepan and I'm going to add a
couple of tablespoons of golden syrup in  with that. Now golden syrup gives a
great flavor and it's fairly easy to get
in the shops but if you can't find it
I'll put a recipe up on my channel. Now whilst
the butter and the golden syrup are melting in
the pan, I'm just going to take one
teaspoon of bicarbonate of soda and a
couple of tablespoons of hot water from
the kettle and that'll fizz up, so I have
my melted butter and golden syrup here
in the pan, got my bicarbonate of soda
and water, what I'm just going to do is
pour that in there.
What you're going to get is this lovely
frothy sweet butter.
I'm going to bring that over to my dry
ingredients and I'm just going to pour
it in, that lovely sweet foams going in
with our dry ingredients and I'm going to
be fairly gentle I'm just going to mix
it up until I get a lovely cookie dough.
So fairly quickly we've been out to
combine the wet and the dry ingredients.
Now I'm just going to get my hands in
there and then draw off some pieces of
dough and we're just going to roll these
up into nice round balls. Now I make mine
roughly to the size of a golf ball and
we're going to place those out on a
cookie sheet. Now for me I made 14 Anzac
biscuits and you want to give them a fair
bit of spreading space on your baking
Tray and I've also just flattened them
down a little bit before we bake them
and I preheated my oven to 170 degrees
celsius that's 340 Fahrenheit. We're going to
bake these between 10 and 12 minutes
just keep an eye on them I want them to
be golden brown.
If you cook them a little bit longer
you'll get quite a crispy cookie if you
go towards the lower end of the scale
you get something with a bit of a chew
in it which is what I like and you see
how they've spread, you've got that
characteristic sort of golden halo around
the outside slightly lighter in the
centre. What we need to do is let these
cool down a bit on the tray because you
won't be able to pick them up as they
are and put them on to a cookie rack. When
they've cooled down you've got these
gorgeous Anzac biscuits.
Let's give these a try just the way I
love them just a little bit chewy with
that hint of golden syrup got that gorgeous
oatmeal and a hint of coconut in there
as well.
These are absolutely delicious and
fantastic if you haven't had Anzac
biscuits before give them a try at home,
let me know in the comments down below
what you think, share the love, give this
the thumbs-up and I will see you very
shortly.
Take care.