Hello everybody. Tonight we make focaccia. Now, no more turkey today.
Today is focaccia day. Now, to start with the focaccia, I use dry yeast.
The dry yeast I gotta use a spoon and a half for three cups and a half flour.
Now, this is the water and I got
to put the yeast. It's a little warm water.
I'll start with spoon and a half
One and a half. And we take the yeast out.
We put right over here. And with a fork,
I do like this. Like this you loosen up
the yeast.
Okay, now, the yeast it can stay over here. Leave over here for 10 minutes.
And this is ready. Done.
Now, we've got to use of the flour like I
said three cup and a half of flour.
Okay now, if this is all the way full, it's a
four cups, but this is a three and a half cups.
Now the water it's a little warm, it's
two cups water, and I gotta one cup
over here with the yeast and when I start,
if you need a little bit more
water you can put a little bit more water.
Now, on the flour,
what I do, I got to use salt and oil.
Okay
And I start to mix this like this. Because the yeast with the water it gotta
stay a little bit more. Like this I mix the salt, the oil, everything.
Okay now, the yeast is ready.
And I start to put everything at one
time. Because I know you need more water.
And you mix this really good.
If you got a machine, you can do with the
machine.
Okay now, I was make a little soft because I wanted to mix really good and now
I put the flour and mix it again like this.
because I want, the focaccia dough over here
to be really, really good.
And now what I do, I put little oil on the dish over here.
And I put a little oil in my hands.
Mix it together, my hands of both.
And this is the pizza dough . Now this, its about three pounds altogether.
Okay, and you put right in the dish like that. Make sure
to put a little oil. And this
I want to show you this you can put right
straight in the refrigerator.
You cover or you can leave outside.
You keep in the refrigerator 3 hours and this be ready.
You keep outside one hour and a half, it
be ready.
Okay now, this is the focaccia I was prepare today.
And I put in the refrigerator for three
hours. That's what it look like.
Look how beautiful look. Now the difference
it's like this. The focaccia and the pizza dough.
It's almost the same, but the focaccia, you know, you use a little extra oil.
And when you put on the pots, you gotta use a lot of oil. The pizza you don't use
too much for oil when you do the pizza.
Okay now, we gotta put oil on this pots
over here.
Okay and we do like that.
This piece of paper, we cover this one
because this, after, you put in the refrigerator.
And it can grow like this.
Or you can cut already, you put in a
plastic bag for freeze and you can
freeze this or you keep in the refrigerator. 
Now this it's the, look at this how
beautiful.
Now we put this right on this pots
over here.
Okay
And we gotta start push down like this.
Okay now, I was buy this tomato
it got a little cherry tomato, but it's
too small, so l was buy this.
What I do with this, I cut in a half, and
you, what you do, you squeeze and you put
it like that.
Okay, the olives, what I do, I cut in a half like this.
alright
it's really good now when this focaccia be ready, nice
glass of wine,
you know I no gotta miss. Okay now, this
oregano
it's bad that nobody can smell this oregano. This I did by myself. It's so
good and we put a little oregano on the
top, like this.
And we put another drop of a little oil.
And a little salt, not too much salt because the focaccia dough already
I put salt. And I put a little salt for the
tomato on the top.
Now this, it's a 400 degree and we put
this for 25 minutes.
Alright, good.
Now, while I wait, Jeremy, I want for
you
to make for me, what you got to make?
[Jeremy]: A martini.
Nice martini, yes, go ahead.
We wait for the focaccia, and I want
a nice martini.
Okay, thank you Jeremy, my martini look at this the glass it's full.
really good
[Jeremy]: Ma, yours is done too
[Ewa]: okay, I gotta finish this.
[Jeremy]: Wait, turn around real quick.
[Ewa]: No no, I can't.
[Pasquale]: It good!
Okay, the focaccia,  I think it be
ready to go.
 
Look how beautiful color it gotta.
Nice!
We close the business over. We close this. We turn off.
And we put it right over here.
Look how nice it look. Huh?!
Okay, let's see if this come out. Heyyyyyy
*Pasquale singing in Italian*
Look how beautiful. Ooooouuuu... mama mia! *speaking italian*
*speaking Italian*
Mama mia *spaking Italian* bella bella
*speaking Italian*
Okay, let me see my focaccia.
Mhmm
Mama mia, como bella crispy!
The focaccia is really good!
Mhmm. Thank you, madame! Salute, salute! Cin cin.
It's good focaccia. If everybody make
like I did it today,
it's really good. Thank you.
Salute to everybody. And Happy Thanksgiving for everybody again.
And I see you next recipe. This one it go eleven o'clock on Sunday. I hope everybody make
this focaccia.
Thank you very much. I see next time.