Alright!
This is John Kohler with discountjuicers.com!
Today we have another exciting episode for
you.
And in this episode what I’m going to do
for you guys is actually share with you guys
how to get the benefits of wine without the
alcohol.
So you’re going to definitely want to pay
attention to this episode if you want to get
some of the benefits of wine without the alcohol.
Or you’ve heard there’s like lots of benefits
to wine and you’re considering drinking
it, but you don’t really do alcohol, like
I don’t do alcohol, but you want to get
the benefits.
There’s so many benefits of wine.
It’s actually kind of insane why it’s
so good for you.
And actually later in this episode we’re
going to get into like how to maximize the
benefits of wine and other foods that you
may be eating.
But it’s also common in common mainstream
media these days to make something that’s
really not so great for you like alcohol,
which causes DWI’s and belligerence and
fights.
I mean, I’ve seen it all in my fraternity
days in college.
Anyways, things that are not so good for you,
mainstream media makes it out to be oh it’s
so great because drinking some wine could
lower your incidences of heart disease for
example, you know.
It could lower your incidences of the risks
of colon cancer.
It can slow your brain decline.
I mean there’s so many different benefits
of the wine.
And so then you drink it.
Then you’re like okay I’m getting the
benefits.
But then you’re getting buzzed, and you
might like the buzz.
I’m not going to like debate liking the
buzz, not liking the buzz.
You guys want to drink, hey drink.
I choose not to drink but I want to get the
benefits of wine without the alcohol.
So that’s why I’m making this video for
you guys to share with you guys how to get
the benefits, okay.
So let me go ahead and back up here.
What is wine made out of?
It’s made out of grapes!
And it’s made out of a special variety of
grapes.
Did you know there are actually Cabernet Sauvignon
varieties of grapes?
There are Merlot varieties of grapes.
All the different names of the wines, that’s
actually a kind of grape.
So what you really want to do is actually
you want to get the grape that produces the
wine.
And then you want to drink it.
You want to drink the juice of the grape because
that’s what wine is.
They take the grapes, they juice them with
the juice presses or maybe in Italy they actually
stomp them with bare feet, I hope they don’t
got no toe jams, and they get all the juice
out.
And then they ferment it.
And, you know, in the fermentation process
the yeasts basically convert the sugar to
alcohol, burn off some of that, but then they
also leave, you know, a good percentage of
the other constituents in the grapes.
And there’s a lot of things in the grapes,
you know.
Some of the things in the grapes are obviously
water, you know.
The water content, structured living water.
Also things like vitamins and minerals, really
great for us.
Also things like vitamins, you know, vitamins
are super important.
And people think like oh yeah vitamins, they’re
really important.
Well there’s something even more important
than vitamins and it’s the anti oxidants,
plant phytochemicals and phytonutrients.
In wine there happens to be polyphenols.
And one of the ones that you may have heard
about is resveratrol.
And resveratrol, there’s a lot of documented
studies on resveratrol and how good it is
for you And that’s why wine is so good.
It’s not because of the alcohol content.
Actually there are studies that have been
published that show that if, I think they’re
from like Barcelona, that alcohol may dampen
the effects of some of the benefits of wine,
of the effects of the wine, so in the resv-reservers-
resveratrol, say that five times.
So yeah, so we don’t want the alcohol when
you could get actually better effects without
the alcohol.
So that’s what I’m going to show you guys
today, how you guys could turn your grapes,
whether they’re green grapes, red grapes,
I got some more green grapes, or purple grapes,
into grape juice.
And the grape juice has the benefits of wine
without the alcohol because that’s what
wine is!
And today what we’re going to do, we’re
going to go ahead and use the Omega VSJ843
slow juicer.
Now, you know, I’m all about maximizing
the nutrition I get and maximizing the benefits
of the foods I eat.
There’s many different kinds of juicers.
There’s also blenders.
You can surely take the grapes and put them
in a blender, make a blended smoothie, you
know, to blend up and break open the fibrous
cell walls of the grapes to get the nutrition
in you.
You could also take a high speed juicer such
as the Breville Juice Fountain Juicer or other
inexpensive department store juicer that runs
at a high speed, you know.
Sometimes in excess of 10,000 rpm or revolutions
per minute.
It runs at a very fast speed.
And what the high speed blender does that,
they most often also run in excess of 10,000
rpms, much like the high speed juicers.
They’re running very fast.
And when the machine runs very fast what happens
is the machine introduces oxygen into the
juice, or the blended smoothie in the case
when you’re using a blender.
And the oxygen, what that does, it breaks
down the beneficial phytonutrients and phytochemicals,
like the anti oxidant rich resveratrol and
other nutrients that are really important
for us.
For example, there’s a published study they
did by taking broccoli, putting it in a slow
juicer, putting it in a high speed juicer
and putting it in a blender that runs at 10,000
rpms.
And after they analyzed the broccoli, whether
it’s the juice or the blended mixture, for
polyphenols, they found that the broccoli
that went through the slow juicer had higher
levels of polyphenols than the blender or
the high speed juicer.
Now furthermore, they took the results of
the broccoli going through the different types
of juicers or the blender, and actually put
it in a petri dish with live active cancer
cells like I think 6 different kinds.
And overall, there was a greater cancer reduction
from the juice made in the slow juicer compared
to the high speed juicer or high speed blender.
Why am I telling you this?
I’m telling you this because, you know,
if you want to get the most benefits from
the grapes, you want to do it at a slow speed.
And think about it.
How is wine traditionally made?
They don’t use high speed blenders or, you
know, juicers to extract the, the grape juice.
They stomp on it.
That’s like really low speed.
Or they use some kind of, you know, slow running,
you know, screw press or basically hydraulic
press or pneumatic press to press out the
juice from the grapes.
So it does it at very low speed.
So it preserves, you know, a lot of those
polyphenols and anti oxidants and plant phytochemicals.
So I want you guys to get the maximum benefit
if you guys are really serious about getting
the benefits of the grapes.
Okay so that’s number one- use a slow juicer.
My favorite one for juicing grapes and other
fruits at this time is the Omega VSJ843.
I have a really good juice video, that I’ll
link down below if I remember, on juicing
fruits in the VSJ and why it is superior to
other machines.
It basically doesn’t really clog up like
other machines and also makes a really fine
strained juice, puts very little pulp in the
juice.
And it does amazing from grapes to pineapple
to oranges to tangerines, some of my favorite
cactus fruit, cantaloupe, watermelon, honey
dew melon, I mean, it does it all.
I’ve even juiced jackfruit, not that I recommend
that.
Some fruits like mangoes or bananas aren’t
really meant to be juiced because they’re
too soft of a texture.
But nonetheless, if you want to juice a fruit,
the VSJ is going to be one of the best options
aside from getting one of those hydraulic
presses.
It’s actually how they press, you know,
apple juice for making apple cider or, you
know, processing the wine.
So one, yeah, use a slow juicer.
Number two, make sure you get seeded grapes.
This is super important and super critical,
you know.
Besides just the, the coloring of the grape,
and the deeper the color of the grape the
more anti oxidants and anti oxidant compounds
there are in the grape itself.
So I mean, like these dark purple grapes have
higher levels of anti oxidants than these
light, light green grapes.
And this is in general, you know, but not
always across the board with all fruits and
vegetables.
So always try to select the darkest deepest
richest color fruits and vegetables to put
in your body.
I eat purple carrots, you know, instead of
the orange carrots for higher levels of anti
oxidants.
It’s these anti oxidants that help keep
us young, right.
It’s like if you scratch your car, you live
by the ocean, it’s going to rust and it’s
going to rust really fast.
If you scratch your car and you live in Las
Vegas, Nevada where it’s arid and dry, barely
rains, it’s basically never going to rust
and it’s not going to oxidize.
Your cells are oxidizing each and every day.
And you can prevent some of this oxidation
by eating high anti oxidant rich foods like
fruits and vegetables, including the grapes.
Or you could speed up the oxidative damage
by eating foods that cause it to happen faster,
such as processed foods and animal foods.
So yeah, so anyways, in the seeds there are
additional anti-oxidants, one of which is
known as pycnogenol and that’s another very
powerful anti oxidant.
And depending on the juicer you’re using,
some juicers will actually crush up the grape
seed and extract the nutri-, some of the nutrition
out of that grape seed and put it into the
juice coming out of the machine.
So crushing style machines, if you have a
good first step that’s actually grinding.
This will do it . If you’re just pressing
whole grapes, you know, without grinding it
first, that may not totally work.
High speed juicers tend to kick out the whole
seed whole, so that’s not really going to
do it, you know.
That’s why I like the single auger style
machine.
The VSJ is optimized to grinding up, you know,
soft seeds like grapes, to get the nutrition
out and put it in your juice.
So that you could get all the benefits.
And of course you always want to juice the
darkest color grapes.
And I would encourage you guys, you know,
as much as I’m juicing just standard table
grapes meant for eating today, I would encourage
you guys to seek out and find wine grape varieties.
I mean, some of the best grapes I’ve ever
tasted are wine grapes.
Because think about it, the reason why wine
grapes taste so good and they’re so delicate
and intricate in flavor is because that juice
becomes the wine and that’s why the wine
tastes different and tastes amazing.
Like I wonder if they ever try to make wine
out of just table grapes, man.
It would just taste like crap.
And we’re, but we’re fed table grapes
all day long and you could barely find wine
grapes to buy in the store, which I think
is incredibly sad.
But yeah, when I make grape juice out of wine
grapes, it’s just simply amazing.
Get the darkest color and get the seeded ones.
And if you guys want a real treat, look for
cotton candy grapes and then juice those.
I mean, it is, it’s going to taste like
it sounds, cotton candy grapes tastes like
cotton candy.
They’re really like floral and sweet at
the same time.
And when you juice it, it’s going to blow
your mind.
So yeah, those are my three tips so get the
most benefits.
Slow juicer, seeded grapes, and darkest pigmented
grapes.
So I guess without further ado, let’s go
ahead and juice these grapes, show you guys
how easy it is and how quiet it is in the
Omega VSJ843 Juicer.
So to honor wine today we’re going to go
ahead and juice into a wine glass there.
Put that right under the spout, turn this
baby on, and we’re just going to go ahead
and take these grapes and just drop them in
one at a time.
And the reason why I like this machine is
because as fast as you could drop these grapes
in there, is as fast as the machine starts
to juice it up.
And as you guys could see, you know, we’re
getting the, the juice coming right out of
the front of the machine.
So I do not recommend actually juicing the
stems.
And also inspect your grapes as you’re juicing.
Sometimes there’s spider webs and bugs and
creatures in there.
But I do not recommend juicing the stems because
the stems may get stuck and caught in the
machine and clog it up.
Now this machine runs at a low and slow 43
revolutions per minute.
It’s one of the slowest juicers on the entire
planet.And that’s why I like it because
the slower a juicer runs, the least amount
of oxidative damage it’s going to do to
the juice.
Oh wow!
Look at that!
And I just juiced like the whole bunch of
grapes, and my glass is already full of the
green grape juice.
We’re going to go ahead and close that guy
off, here maybe we’ll get a little bit more
in there.
Look at that!
I mean, that took no time to get a nice glass
of grape juice.
So we’re just going to go ahead and pour
that into little glass.
Look at that, look at that nice clean consistency.
There’s like no fiber or anything in this
green grape juice.
Alright!
We’re going to go ahead and put that down.
And then next we’re going to go ahead and
juice the red grapes.
So, you know, the red grapes, once again,
you know, they are higher anti oxidant than
the standard green grapes.
Once again, we just drop these guys in there.
So, you know, drinking grape juice has been
shown to have many health benefits.
And likewise I would believe that drinking
grape juice would have similar health benefits,
such as promoting longevity, reducing your
heart attack risk, right.
Slow your brain decline.
This is very important, right, all these things.
Cuts your risk of colon cancer, cuts your
risk of cataracts, lowers your risk of stroke,
reduces the risk of type 2 diabetes, lowers
heart disease.
It could reduce your heart attack risks, and
promote longevity.
Now grapes are not the only food that can
confer some of these benefits on you.
They are many documented researched studies
on many different plant foods that could help
you do this.
Grapes are just a plant food with rich pigments
and anti oxidants, and special plant phytonutrients
and phytochemicals.
And every different plant food has these benefits.
But what we need to do really is unlock the
fibrous cell walls to be able to get these
benefits.
And that’s I like the juicer.
Because as you guys could see, instantly,
you know, we got another glass of the red
grape juice here.
We’re going to go ahead and pour that.
Look at that nice consistency there.
Very simple, very easy in the Omega VSJ843.
Next we’re going to go ahead and juice the
black grapes.
So as I was saying, you know, every different
fruit and vegetable has different levels of
phytonutrients and phytochemicals in it.
And the juicer literally breaks open the fibrous
cell walls to let all those phytochemicals,
phytonutrients, vitamins, and minerals out,
so that our bodies could easily digest them.
Because what people don’t know is that our
bodies can only digest foods that are in a
liquid state.
There’s little villi inside our intestines
that basically for a lack of a better word,
suck out or draw the nutrition out of the
food or the liquids in your stomach.
And they can’t extract things in fiber.
So if like you’re taking, you’re eating
lettuce or kale, and you take two chews and
you swallow, your body is not going to be
effective at getting the nutrition out of
that unless it’s well broken down, like
if you chew your food into a mush, like I
like to do.
But the juicer makes this whole process easier
because if you think about it, we are nothing
more or less than juice extractors.
We eat food like we could eat these grapes
like the Cleopatra times, but I need somebody
fanning me while I’m eating my grapes.
We eat the food and we chew into a mush, which
is like the machine running.
We swallow it and then out one side of us
comes clear liquid because our body absorbs
all the nutrition in there, and out the other
end of us comes the fiber.
And that’s happening here on the front of
the machine the liquid’s coming out and
on the side of the machine all the fiber is
coming out, so that you don’t have to, you
know, worry about digesting it or chewing
your food well.
I still do recommend, you know, chewing your
juice to get the maximum benefits and to mix
it with your salivary amylase to help get
the digestion going.
But yeah, besides just the grapes, you know,
there’s plenty of other plant foods that
contains beneficial phytonutrients.
For example, Japanese Knotweed, which is a
weed in many parts of the country in the US
and overseas.
But that also contains resveratrol.
And besides just resveratrol, there are many
other different phytochemicals and phytonutrients
such as isothiocyantes in the brassica family
of plants.
For those of you guys that don’t know what
brassica family of plants are, those are the
things like broccoli, kale, cabbage, cauliflower.
These have been shown to be anti cancer, you
know, phytochemicals.
The same thing in garlic and onion family
of plants, that have flavonoids, which is
also anti cancer.
And every different plant food has a whole
spectrum of phytonutrients and phytochemicals.
But the juicer is what unlocks it.
And that’s why I like juicing so much.
It really saves me a lot of time.
I mean, I couldn’t just sit here and eat
like bunches of grapes.
But if you juice this whole pile of grapes
here, it will make a delicious juice, like
I’m making here.
And then you’ll be able to easily drink
the juice.
Let’s go ahead and pour this last one out
here to show you guys what it looks like.
Nice consistency.
Alright!
Which one of these juices do you want to drink?
Do you want to drink the green, the purple
or the red?
I mean, to me the one that looks the prettiest
is the purple.
So we’re going to go ahead and drink that
one first.
Mmmm.
I don’t drink but you know what?
That reminds me of drinking wine but it doesn’t
have that like bitter, I don’t know whatever
you call that bitter bite.
It’s like mildly sweet, not overly sweet,
and delicious.
Now some of you guys might be thinking John,
grape juice, man, that has a lot of sugar!
Well you know what?
If you said that to me and you’re still
drinking like coca cola or other sodas, you
know, those have way more sugar than my grape
juice that I’m drinking today.
So put your money where your mouth is, right.
The next thing I’d like to say is that I
always want to encourage you guys to do good,
better, best, right.
Yes, of course we can drink, we can eat the
grapes if you chewed them every mouthful into
a mush.
That’s be great.
Some people just don’t like to do that,
they don’t have the time.
And sometimes frankly when you buy grapes
at the store like I did, these happen to be
organic grapes, and you eat them, they, they’re
not that sweet, they’re kind of flavorless
and actually they don’t taste too good.
And I think that’s a whole another problem
in itself.
So I don’t like to eat grapes a lot of times.
But when you juice them, it really concentrates
out the flavor, removes all this fiber.
And, you know, talking about the fiber, I’m
going to show you guys this.
Look at that.
That’s all the pulp that came out.
We could grab this pulp , we could put it
in my hand right here, look at that.
It reduced all the, all those grapes into
this.
And I’m going to squeeze this as hard as
I can.
Alright!
we’re squeezing a few drops of juice.
You guys see that?
But man, this is, this juicer was very efficient.
Not as efficient as like a hydraulic press
but it’s probably the most efficient juicer
that’s going to juice grapes really easily.
Now I do recommend, you know, if you had seeded
grapes, it’d even work better because the
hard seeds have some extra fiber to help push
the soft grape pulp through the machine.
Alright, my mouth is watering.
I got to finish these grapes juices.
So alright, now we’re going to go ahead
and sample the red grape juice here.
Mmmm.
The red grape juice actually is sweeter than
the purple one.
And finally we’re going to go ahead and
try that green grape juice.
Yeah.
This one’s my least favorite of them all.
So what have we learned today?
We’ve learned that fruits and vegetable
have phytochemicals and phytonutrients, every
different kind of fruit and vegetable has
different kinds.
And they have many beneficial properties to
you guys.
So we want to maximize, whether that’s grapes,
apples, you know, oranges, cactus, pears,
kale, carrots, celery, cucumbers, butternut
squash, we want to maximize the plant foods
and get them into us because not just focusing
on grapes because, and wine because they’re
so good, every plant food is so good and you
want to maximize the amount you could get
into you.
The best way to do that I have found in all
these years I’ve been into a healthy lifestyle
is by juicing.
And more importantly, juicing at a slow speed
to maximize the phytonutrients and phytochemicals.
When you do this, you’ll get things like
many of my customers have told me, you’ll
lose weight, you’ll have more mental clarity,
you’ll feel better, you’ll have more energy.
These are huge in this day and age because
you’re literally putting nature’s foods,
God’s foods, whatever you want to say, into
you.
And it’s really easy to start getting juices
into you because they taste so great, specially
if you’re not into and hate your fruits
and vegetables.
And I have a really good video on how to eat
more vegetables if you hate them with some
of my special tips on how to juice them so
that they taste good for you and your kids.
So yeah, I mean, anyways, so I want to talk
real quick about the, you know, the sugar
in the grape juice real fast, going back to
that real quick because I didn’t get to
finish my thought.
My thought is simply this, you know, as much
as there is some sugar in here, the grape
juice that I made basically, aside from the
fiber here, has a lot of other nutrients.
So there’s number one, living structured
water.
This is huge, this is very important.
I don’t recommend you guys drink your tap
water.
Many places they put chloramine, chlorine,
fluoride which is not good.
That’s why most people drink bottled water.
But even better than bottled water is structured
water.
The grape juice here, the water has been filtered
by the grape plant through all the little
cellular structures of the grape vine.
And then it filters it and then it stores
it in it’s little grape fruit.
Yeah, not grapefruit but grape, which is a
fruit or actually a berry.
And along, when the plant puts the water in
there, in a structured format, it also adds
things like vitamins and minerals, right.
But more importantly the things like the phytochemicals
and phytonutrients.
These are the most important things that you
guys can be eating, that are not in soda.
They just have the sugar with very little
minerals, very little vitamins if any, right.
And, and actually a non-structured water,
right.
That’s one of the worst things to put in.
One of the best things is grape juice, right.
But eat your grapes!
If you , you know, don’t want to drink juice,
but you know, what?
I’m going to drink my grape juice and enjoy
it because it’s one of the healthiest things
that I do.
Mmmm.
This stuff’s so delicious.
Now here’s a tip.
If you want like sparkling grape juice, take
a little bit of like sparking spring water
and add like a little bit of spring water
to this, just enough to get a little bit bubbly.
It’s gong to taste great.
That’s great for parties and all this kind
of stuff.
And in this way you could get more health
benefits from the grape juice that you’re
drinking.
The final thing I’d like to say is you are
going to take the time to make fresh grape
juice like I have today, I want you guys to
get the maximum benefits from it.
So you right after you make it, you want to
start drinking it and get it into you.
You don’t want to like sit there and store
it for like a couple weeks, because actually
it’s going to go bad.
It’s actually going to start fermenting
into alcohol more than likely over time.
So yeah, drink it right after you make it.
And if you do need to store it, fill it up
in a, you know, sealed thermos or glass jar
to the brim so it’s almost overflowing,
so you have no head space or no air space.
Cap it off.
Put it in your fridge, keep it really cold
until you’re going to drink it.
And I like to store my juices no more than
24 hours.
Although, you know, many people store their
juices for up to 72 hours.
But I always drink my juices, you know, for
the most part, unless there’s extenuating
circumstances within 24 hours.
but most of the time, 99% of the time I drink
the juice right after I make it.
Like I’m going to be enjoying all this grape
juice right now.
Mmmm.
So delicious.
You guys got to get one of these juicers to
make your own fresh grape juice.
So you guys could get the benefits of grapes
and all the other delicious phytonutrients
and phytochemical rich fruits and vegetables
out there.
If you guys enjoyed this episode, I would
encourage you to support me and my work which
allows me to continue to make these educational
videos for you guys, by purchasing your juicer
at discountjuicers.com.
This allows me to make these videos that you
guys are watching today.
If you guys have supported me in the past,
I want to thank you for you guys’ support.
And if you guys are going to support me in
the future, thank you in advance.
It is much appreciated.
I make many videos on YouTube to educate the
public about health because I almost lost
my life when I was younger and that’s why
I’m so passionate about this subject, because
we’re not taught this in grade school, on
really the power and the benefits of the fruits
and vegetables.
And to really minimize or get rid of entirely
things like processed foods and animal foods
in your diet, and maximize the fruits and
vegetables in your diet and the Juicer is
the number one appliance that could do just
that for you guys.
The other thing I’d say if you guys liked
this episode, hey please give me a thumbs
up.
It will encourage me to make more episodes
like this.
Also be sure to share this with a wine drinker
you know that keeps telling you oh I drink
wine for the benefits.
Well have them watch this video.
They’ll know they could get even more benefits
without the alcoholic side effect or maybe
a desired effect depending on who you ask.
So yeah, and then also be sure to check my
past episodes.
I have over 450 episodes now sharing with
you guys all aspects on juicers, on selecting
the right juicer for you, comparing juicers
and all this kind of stuff.
And be sure to click that Subscribe button
before you leave to be notified of my new
and upcoming episodes I have coming out about
every 5 to 7 days.
So once again, my name is John Kohler with
discountjuicers.com.
Be sure to visit discountjuicers.com/youtube
for special promotional offers for YouTube
visitors.