Welcome to this shed foundation video.
Here you will learn about the steps to installing
a wood rail foundation for your storage shed.
This video shows you the steps to building
a wood rail foundation, from cutting the rails
and installing them on the ground to making
them square and level.
The first step is to cut the foundation rails
to the length shown on the plans and then
locate them on the ground where they will
be permanently installed.
Locating them on the ground is done by setting
the rails in their approximate location and
checking them for square.
To check that the rails are square in relation
to each other you will first make sure that
they are the proper distance apart from each
other and then measure diagonally from corner
to corner.
Your goal is get both of the diagonal measurements
to be the same length.
So move the rails parallel to each until the
measurements are the same.
The locations of the rails only need to be
within a few inches of perfect as you will
be moving them to prepare the ground underneath.
The second step is to prepare the rail beds.
This is done by making them level with each
other and themselves.
To check that the rails are sitting at the
same height in relation to each other you
will use a straight board and a level.
Set the board so that one end is on one rail
and the other end is on the other rail.
Put the level on top of the board to check
which rail needs to move up or down.
You will need to repeat this process several
times as you adjust the rail bed levels until
the rails are the same height as each other
and the rails are level in their own beds.
On slightly sloping ground you may need to
dig holes or build up the lower areas with
gravel to allow the rails to sit level.
This shed required that the higher rail be
dug down to the height of the lower rail that
was sitting on top of the ground.
The third step is to get the foundation rails
parallel and square with each other.
This is done exactly the same way you located
the rails the first time by using a tape measure
to check the locations of the rails.
It is usually easiest to get one of the rails
sitting where you want it, and then adjust
the second rail so it is parallel and the
correct distance from the first rail.
You will need to repeat the measurement checks
and adjust the rail locations until they are
correct.
Although it is not shown in this video because
this shed will be moved to another location,
each rail should have a few inches of gravel
under it.
This gives good drainage under the rails and
makes it easier to level the rail beds.
This is an up close view of what a squared
foundation looks like.
The dimensions of your shed may be different
but the principles of how to square and level
the rails are the same.
Continue learning about shed building by clicking
one of these videos.
Thanks for watching!