In this video I am going to talk about using
thick yoyo lube to help your yoyos play better.
We also have another video about using thin
yoyo lube that you can check out, that's for
mostly unresponsive yoyos thick lube is more
for beginner yoyos and yoyos that you want
to play more responsive, so we will talk about
that.
At the end of this video I'm also going to
show you an example of how to use the lube.
So what thick lube is for, is when you got
a yoyo and it used to come back really easy,
but then eventually over time it seems like
it doesn't come back the way that it used
to.
It starts to play a little bit inconsistent,
and it gets really frustrating.
Even though you're getting better as a player
the yoyo seems to be getting worse.
Well most likely what's happened, is you got
a yoyo that has a bearing or a transaxle,
and that came lubed and now the lube has started
to wear out.
So the way to solve this problem, to get the
yoyo to play consistently again and easily
like it used to, is to just just add a little
bit of thick yoyo lube.
Now the reason why there is yoyo specific
lube as opposed to any lube you might have
around the house, you know like wd-40, or
motor oil, or skateboard grease or something,
is that all those different lubes have a specific
purpose and they aren't always going to work
exactly right in a yoyo.
Some of them are going to be little bit too
thick and so they are going to kill the spin
on your yoyo.
Some of them are going to be too thin and
so they won't make the yoyo play as responsive
or as easy as you'd want.
Some of them are designed just for metal,
so it could actually damage the plastic of
your yoyo.
I've heard stories of yoyos breaking in half
after using the wrong kind of lube for too
long.
So there's all kinds of problems you can have.
Thick yoyo lube is formulated to work perfectly
in all those different scenarios and it's
going to make your yoyo play better.
So let's get to it, as you can see we've got
our Sage yoyo which is set up for responsive
play and of course our YoYoTricks.com Thick
Yoyo Lube.
Something that is especially nice about our
lube is, as you can see, it's got a fine applicator
tip, which makes it a lot easier to get the
lube where you want it to go as opposed to
spilling it all over the place.
You'll appreciate that if you end up getting
it.
So of course the first thing you will need
to do is get your yoyo apart and you're going
to want to get the string out of the way.
In most cases it is a lot easier to lube the
yoyo properly if you remove the bearing, I
am just going to use a mutlitool right here
which works for any yoyo with a size C bearing
and it comes off pretty easy.
You'll see why because what I'm going to actually
do is I am going to put lube onto the yoyo
itself instead of in the bearing.
Even though that is kind of counter intuitive,
it actually makes the yoyo more responsive
and more consistent then just lubing the bearing
and it actually helps the yoyo even sleep
longer than if all you do lube the bearing.
So it seems to be a good deal all the way
around.
Where you want to put the lube is wherever
the bearing is going to touch the yoyo.
So this one has a bearing seat, see this,
put a drop or two of lube just right on top
and if you want to you can put it on both
sides, but it will make its way around.
Put a little drop here, a drop there.
Now with other yoyos, they are not always
going to be set up the same way.
So with some yoyos, instead of having a bearing
seat built right into the plastic they'll
be spacers and the bearing will sit right
on the spacer, so in that case you will want
to lube the spacer.
Some of them have a bolt that goes all the
way through and the bearing actually sits
right on the bolt so in that case you lube
the bolt right where the bearing goes, put
the bearing on, or lube the other side of
the bolt as well.
So that's pretty much it.
If you want to take a look, you can kind of
see how much I got on there.
It's pooling a little bit but it's not a ton
and yet it's not too little.
Eventually as you work it out you will figure
out the right amount for yourself.
After I would just put the bearing back on.
Now after I'll put the yoyo back together
and then give it a test and see how well it
works.
If it didn't play as responsive as I'd like,
then I would put some lube in the bearing.
It's the same type of situation, where I would
usually put one drop in one place if I want
it to be more responsive you put another drop
in or you can even put in three drops.
If you put too much lube in as you play with
it, that'll will thin out so it's not really
a big deal.
If you got a yoyo with a smaller bearing that
will not take as much lube, but everything
just comes through experimentation.
Now one thing is some yoyos, and this is true
more true of yoyos with small bearings or
something like the Oracle, is every time you
lube it and then you put the string on and
you play with it and you lube it again eventually
over time the lube is going to build up in
there and it's going to slow the bearing down
so that it doesn't spin quite as well.
So what you can actually do is take some of
our thin lube and put that in the bearing
and that will allow it to kind of spin free
and that will basically allow you to reset
the bearing without having to clean it.
Once you run some thin lube through it then
you can put some thick lube back in and you'll
see that it plays great again.
Again, you know, just put the yoyo back together
and you are pretty much all set.
So that is how you use YoyoTricks.com Thick
Lube to make your yoyo play better.
So as you can see I got our Sage and we've
got our thick yoyo lube in it.
You remember before when I was trying to pull
it up it was kind of inconsistent and you
didn't know what to expect.
Now you can see that even with just the slightest
tug the yoyo is coming back.
That is going to help deal with a lot of frustration,
especially if you want your yoyo to play responsive.
Now one thing that might happen with thick
yoyo lube is if you put a lot in the bearing
when you are first starting to play with your
yoyo, it might not spin as long as it did
before.
Don't worry about that, as you play with the
yoyo, in two, three, four minutes, that lube
will kind of break in a little bit and your
yoyo will spin just as long as it did before.
Those are just some of the advantages of using
thick yoyo lube on your responsive yoyo.