[MUSIC]
Hi, Guys!
I'm Kristen and Welcome to Studio Knit!
Today, we are knitting up this adorable Bunny
Cable pattern.
I'm going to give you an overview.
It's so much simpler than it looks.
There are a series of knits and purls.
One little cable, as well as a bobble for
the tail, isn't that just the cutest?
It's just one bobble stitch that I'll show
you exactly how we do it.
And then moving up the body, there's another
cable stitch that begins the neck, and then
top of the head, one more cable stitch, and
then it's just knits and purls to finish the
ears.
Here's how it looks on the wrong side.
And let's take a look at that tail again.
Isn't that just the cutest little thing?
Oh my gosh.
And after this video, make sure to check out
all of my Easter Quick Knits, so many cute
little ones to chose from, and everyone's
favorite, the Bunny from a Square!
I have the entire written, printable pattern
linked in the description below from my website.
And I love printing it out because you can
tick off row by row.
Also, my Pinterest page, there are a lot of
cool ideas there and I also will have a link
down below.
You can PIN this project and save it for later.
So let's get started.
For our materials, we are using yarn and needles,
any size you want.
I'm using 11 and bulky weight.
Also, a cable needle or a double pointed needle
works well for this, too.
And some scissors and a tapestry needle.
So, to get started, it's our beloved slip
knot.
Now, all techniques are linked in the description
below.
We are going to cast on, for this pattern,
30 stitches.
You can cast on really however many you want
because the Bunny right here is just 8 stitches
in the middle.
So we're going to get started with knit and
purls.
It's really simple.
And personally, I like to add a stitch marker
for the little bunny portion.
It helps me not have to count as many stitches
as we go along.
So let's start with the first cable stitch.
Now, it is C2B, that means cable 2 back, so
we put 2 stitches, we're going to hold them
to the back.
Now this is knitting right here, we are first
going to knit 2 from our main knitting needle
and then we take our cable needle right here
and we knit those two stitches off of the
cable needle.
Then it's C2F, that means cable 2 to the front,
so again, we simply slip 2 stitches onto our
cable needle and we hold it to the front of
our work.
Again, a double pointed needle works really
well for this, you just need to sort of have
those stitches right there so that they're
easy to pick up.
So we knit 2 from our regular knitting needle
and then finishing up this cable row is just
knitting the other 2 that we held in the front
off the cable needle.
Super simple.
Now it's time to make that adorable tail.
So it's just this one stitch right here in
the pattern where it says MB, that's make
bobble, and we knit 1 but we're going to keep
it on the needle.
It remains on the needle, we don't take it
off.
We keep it right there and we yarn over, that
means just bringing the yarn to the front
and then we knit into that stitch again.
We're doing this big increase.
We're going to have 5 stitches when we're
done.
And then it's just one more time.
So, you'll see the instructions say Yarn Over,
and knit 2 times.
So we yarn over a second time and we knit
into it, bring that yarn around, knit into
it.
Okay, now we can finally take it off the needle.
And where we had one stitch, now we have 5
stitches.
Now we turn our work and we're going to purl
these 5 stitches that we just increased, then
we turn again and we knit those 5 stitches.
And we turn again and we purl them and we
turn again until it is time to decrease.
5 Stitches here, we're going to slip slip
knit, so slip one off, slip one off, and then
go ahead and knit into it.
Again, I have all the knitting techniques
you need linked down in the description below,
if any of this is new to you.
After we do that one decrease, it's just knitting
one, and then we're going to do another decrease
which is knit two together.
Right here, knitting 2.
And where we had 5 now 3 stitches remain.
We're going to turn again and purl those 3
stitches.
And then we turn it back again and we're finishing
up here.
We're going to slip one stitch off of our
needle, so just slip it off and then we're
going to do another decrease, the knit 2 together,
so we just knit these two stitches right here
together.
And now PSSO, that means Pass that Slipped
Stitch Over.
PSSO.
So we take that stitch with our needle and
we just pass it over that knit 2 together
stitch.
And now we have one and that is our tail and
it is so cute.
Very bobilicous, I like to say.
And then we just continue on with our super
simple knits and purls.
And here's how it's shaping up.
It's so cute, so we have our cable, our body
started, and we have the little tail.
And this is going really quickly.
I hope you're enjoying it so far, just a few
more cable stitches and knits and purls.
So moving up the body here, you'll see we
did a series of knits and purls.
And right here we're going to do another cable
stitch.
Now, this row is identical to row 25 , as
well, so I'm just going to show it to you
once.
We take our cable needle and it's C4B, and
of course this is in our little bunny area,
those 8 stitches.
So, we're taking the cable needle and we're
actually going to take 4 stitches off simultaneously.
And since it's C4 Back, that means Cable 4
hold it to the back of our work, as we now
squeeze in together and we're going to knit
4 stitches off of our main knitting needle
there, on the left.
And once those 4 stitches are knit, then we
simply knit the last 4 stitches off of our
cable needle.
And we have this nice big, yummy cable that
is going to go from the body and it's going
to begin the neck of our bunny.
And we just continue on with the pattern with
more knits and purls.
And here it's time for one more cable and
this is totally identical to the one we just
did where we take the 4 off our cable needle
and we hold it to the back of our work.
And just carry on with the knitting pattern.
And here's how it's shaping up.
Now, all we have to do is finish up with knits
and purls to make the ears of our Bunny!
I hope you are inspired to knit up this adorable
bunny cable knit stitch pattern.
Please make sure to LIKE this video and SUBSCRIBE
to Studio Knit.
[MUSIC]
Bye!