In this video we are going to go over how
to properly hold, throw, catch and return
a 5a yoyo.
There is a couple different methods for how
to do all of these things but I am going to
go over the methods I consider best for new
5a players.
To learn how to properly hold a counterweight
yoyo, first you want to make a gun shape with
your dominant hand, then you want to cradle
the string right above the counterweight with
your bottom three fingers and make sure that
the counterweight is snug up against the bottom
of your pinky.
Then you want to place the yoyo on the side
of your middle finger, close your thumb around
the gap and close your pointer around one
half of the yoyo.
So now that we have learned to properly hold
a 5a yoyo, now it is time to learn how to
properly throw it.
Throwing a 5a yoyo is just like throwing a
1a yoyo but with one key difference.
So rather than keeping your palm facing up,
instead you want to keep your palm facing
laterally and then you just throw as normal.
One really important thing to remember when
throwing a 5a yoyo, is keep these bottom three
fingers really tight because otherwise the
counterweight might fly out of your hand and
that is no good.
So once you get the yoyo spinning, you are
ready to learn how properly catch a 5a yoyo.
So you want to set yourself up for a bind
and then point that gun shape straight down
then as the yoyo is winding up the string
you want the yoyo to first hit your thumb
and then you want to quickly close your pointer
finger around the yoyo, doing so sets up properly
for your next 5a throw.
Once you mastered the basic throw and return
for a 5a yoyo it is time to learn how to properly
catch the Counterweight.
So you will notice that I catch the Counterweight,
my palm is facing up and my fingers are pointed
towards me.
I do it this way because when I go to return
the yoyo the Counterweight is properly set
up.
When you are first starting, you may feel
more comfortable catching the counterweight
with your palm facing up and your fingers
facing forward, but when I go to return the
yoyo, you will see that that catch does not
work very well.
So now that you have learned how to properly
hold, throw, catch and return a 5a yoyo, you
are ready to start learning 5a tricks.