Hello everyone today I am going to be
sharing with you my wisteria bonsai tree
it is in full bloom and a very
appropriate time to do a quick update.
The last time I worked on it was about
two years ago
I'll also be looking at Wisteria trees
around my house and neighbouring
properties, these are absolutely stunning,
so stay tuned.
Hey it's me Iqbal Khan
If you have not yet subscribed to mikbonsai
then click the subscribe button
and hit the bell icon to subscribe and
receive notifications as I upload new videos.
This is the Wisteria Bonsai tree that
I've been talking about and it
was last worked on about two years ago
and it is now in bloom and I thought
it's an appropriate time to do an
update and share it with you. I'll give
it a quick turn so you can see it from
all sides and after that I'll do a
close-up of some of these blooms
I think I've caught it just in time, the flowers
are starting to sort of fall off
and that's where we started.
Here we are a close-up of the left side
of the tree and we just zoom around and
have a look at the rest of it,
and if you want to learn about the care
and maintenance it's included in my
previous video the link is in the info
card above so if you click on that it will
take you to the previous video in the
video it is peppered with the care tips
and maintenance and also in the box
below the video is a summary if you want
to copy and print it off for future
reference. Here's the trunk is quite a
chunky, it's a very old tree,
and there's the trunk it's quite a brute of a trunk
and that shows some of the branches that
we can see in this position.  They
mostly covered up by the blooms and very
shortly the blooms will die off and the
tree will then be covered in leaf.
There we are that's whole tree again
This planter is at the front of the house
by the porch on one side and I planted this
wisteria in it a few years ago I think
three years to be precise and it has
flowered for the first time this year
and there isn't very much to show it's
full of leaves. There we are you can see
that it is full of leaves and right here
on the inside by the brick wall is the
solitary flower.  There we go there it is.
This tree was planted about four years
ago on the left-hand side of the house
against this white wall and I hope to
train it so that it runs along the wall
at the top where it's completely empty
at the moment. It is absolutely
nothing there and I'll zoom
in onto the blooms, the tree flowered
for the first time last year and it's
flowered again and I'm very very pleased
with the flowers and the blooms they
look absolutely wonderful this time of
the year and i'll try and zoom in a bit more.
I am very happy with my wisteria trees and
in the original video you'll find a link at
the top in the "i" button and in that
video are basically instructions on how
to care for these trees and if you make
one into a bonsai then how best to
maintain them and also the ways you can
make sure that the flower every year.
This house is across the road from mine
and it has very similar flowers to the
to my bonsai tree. We'll just zoom in and
you can see how many of them are there
and how beautiful they are.
This is another neighbouring property and this
one has purple flowers.
This is a very old Victorian property
and the owners have
taken a lot of trouble over the years to
train the wisteria on the wall in
between the windows are.
That's what they look like, I'll just zoom downwards
and you can see a little bit more of the
flowers and they're absolutely stunning
when they are trained like this and
that's the next one.  I hope you get the
idea where I'm coming from with this.
They look absolutely stunning and it's
worth training them in this fashion.
that's all for now folks if you like the
video then please do hit the thumbs up,
comment, share and subscribe until the
next time. This is Iqbal Khan for mikbonsai
in West London.
and now for the
afterthought. when I was younger I felt
like I was trapped in a woman's body and
and then I was born.
you dig !