Hey guys, welcome back to Detail Garage.
So today we're going to do a pretty cool car.
It's kind of a cool car to me because I have
a soft spot for BMWs
I had two BMWs before now.
I really enjoy this car.
I've seen this car before on Instagram and
other social media.
Recently it was at Bimmerfest.
So I was pretty stoked to get it in here to do some videos on it and try some products, make it look really good.
It is going for a shoot this evening so we
need to make it look its best, so when it's
in the camera light it'll look great.
The car has been repainted within the last
year and it's still pretty fresh and new.
So there are some scratches and swirls that could have been instilled in the paint process and in between.
It does go to a lot of shows so I'm sure lots of people who are looking at it, feel the need to touch it.
So we want to make sure not to instill any
scratches or swirls during the washing process
or even during the drying process.
What I'm going to do is a foam wash using 
our TORQ Foam Cannon.
But I'm also going to do a two bucket wash 
using the mitt.
So what we're doing is one bucket is always
for your rinse bucket.
And one that's your wash bucket.
Also I'm going to put in our Dirt Traps.
The Cyclone Dirt Trap is going to fit at the
bottom of your bucket and reduce the amount
of dirt or debris in your clean water.
With these Cyclone funnels that make up the
Dirt Trap, it's going to keep it at the bottom.
So that every dunk of the mitt won't bring
the dirt back through the funnel.
The reason I chose two different colors, is
so I can differentiate between my wash and rinse bucket.
It's pretty simple, it sits at the bottom of
your standard twelve inch diameter bucket.
All you have to do is put it in sideways.
It's already filled with clean water.
Put it down at the bottom.
You'll see that it fits snug at the bottom.
If you do find out that you have a lot of
dirt, debris or particles when working on
really dirty cars, you can stack your Cyclone
Dirt Traps for added filtration.
Now that I have both Cyclone Dirt Traps inserted.
I'm going to make one of them my wash bucket
and one my rinse.
The soap I chose to use is Hybrid V7 soap.
All you have to do is add about an ounce or
whatever you feel like using.
If you want more suds add more soap.
Now my foam cannon is already filled with
Hybrid V7 soap as well.
Typically the wash process when using a foam cannon.
I guess the question we always get is, do
I have to hit it with a mitt after or can
I just spray it and rinse?
There is always all these questions about what to do.
So I'm going to show you the proper way.
I'm going to rinse it first to wet the vehicle.
Then hit it with the foam cannon and since it is dirty, I'm going to give it a mitt wash as well.
But some people are just able to use the foam
cannon and then they can rinse right after
because maybe they have light dust or debris.
Its really a preference and how dirty your car is.
So lets move on.
Oh, before I forget.
We're using a really cool wash mitt that I'm
excited about.
It is a new wash mitt, it is really big but
it's also going to cover a lot of area.
As you can see its very full of chenille microfibers.
It's called our Big MoFo.
This wash mitt is much bigger than our traditional wash mitt.
What it's going to do is cover a lot of the surface area.
It's a lot thicker as well and it's going
to capture all of the dirt and debris without
getting it back on the paint. So lets get on with the wash process.
Hey guys, so now we just finished washing the car.
We foamed it up and we're gonna get it dry.
But I wanted to take a moment to let you know
what towel I was using.
I'm going to be using our Cloud 9 towel.
It's pretty big, so what I can do is dry this
whole car and still have dry towel left.
Which is unheard of in most towels.
And it's actually very soft and plush.
I actually use this after showers too.
So lets get started drying this before it
drys up creating water spots.