Basic Adjustments - Disc Brakes
Built to be better.
Brake Pad
Disc Rotor
Hi, I'm Jacob from Northrock Bikes. Today we're going to go over adjustment of
cable actuated disc brakes.
With disc brakes, the pads are set to tight tolerances. It is normal to hear a slight rubbing when the brakes are new.
This sound should disappear as the brake pads wear into the rotors.
First we are going to check the tension of the cable by squeezing the brake lever.
If the brake lever moves more than halfway into the grips, we need to add tension to the
cable. You can see that in this case we
need to add tension.
To do this, loosen the anchor bolt,
grasp the cable,
move the arm up the cable,
and re tighten the anchor bolt.
Next we're going to check the clearance
of our brake pads by looking down
the length of the rotor through the pads.  If you're having trouble seeing through the
pads, it helps to put a white sheet of
paper behind the rotor.
Now we are going to achieve the tightest
tolerances possible by adjusting the
inner brake pad using the pad adjuster
bolt located on the inside of the caliper.
To do this, turn the pad adjustment bolt clockwise,
and spin the wheel.
You should hear the pad rubbing on the rotor.
Stop the wheel.
Back the pad off slightly.
At this point you should stop and squeeze the brake lever.
Now we're going to spin the wheel again and the brake rubbing noise should have gone away.
If the noise has not gone away, back
the bolt out slightly more,
squeeze the lever, and spin the wheel again.
Next we are going to adjust the outer pad tolerance.
You do this by loosening the anchor bolt,
spin the wheel, and move the
arm until you hear a slight rubbing.  At that point tighten the anchor bolt.
Next squeeze your brake lever, now spin the wheel,
if the rotors are still making noise, loosen the anchor bolt, move the arm down the cable slightly,
and re tighten the anchor bolt.
The rear brakes are adjusted in the same way that
you adjust the front brakes.
Please refer to the manufacturer's instructions.
Thank you for taking the time to view this
video and
have a great ride.