Keeping your glass cooktop looking new
is easy with proper cleaning and the use
of approved cookware.
To prevent damage to the glass cooktop, always use Ceramabryte
ceramic cooktop cleaner and cleaning pads.
And always clean your cooktop after each spill.
Before using your cooktop for the first time, as well
as after each use,
follow these simple cleaning steps.
Spray a small amount of Ceramabryte on
the surface of your cooktop when it is cool.
Use the Ceramabryte cleaning pad or a
paper towel to clean the entire surface.
If you need to treat burned on spills
let the cooktop cool completely.
Then apply a small amount of Ceramabryte
directly to the burned area. Rub the area
firmly with a Ceramabryte cleaning pad
or paper towel, adding more cleaner if
necessary until the spill is gone.
Then buff the surface dry.
Lastly, clean and buff the entire surface for extra protection.
For heavier burned-on residue,
you may also need to use a single edge
razor blade scraper, such as the Ceramabryte
ceramic cooktop scraper.
To avoid damage, be sure that the scraper blade is
not dull or nicked. Once the cooktop is
completely cool, hold the scraper at a
45-degree angle and gently scrape at the
soiled area, using light pressure on the scraper.
After scraping, apply a small
amount of cleaner and spot clean and buff the area.
Once all the burned residue is removed,
clean and buff the entire surface of your cooktop.
Repeat if necessary.
In the event of a hot sugary spill, such
as jelly, candy, syrup, or melted plastic,
it's important that you remove the hot
spill immediately to prevent permanent
damage to the cooktop surface.
First, turn off all the burners and remove any
hot pans from the surface. Next, wearing
an oven mitt, use a single edge razor
blade scraper to remove the spill to a
cool area on the cooktop and remove the
spill with a paper towel. Any remaining
residue should be left until the cooktop
surface has completely cooled and
then removed, using the previously
demonstrated methods. Be sure not to use
any of the surface burners again until
all residue of the spill has been
completely removed.
To avoid marks and scratches, always avoid sliding cookware
on the surface. However, should you see
any markings, you may be able to remove
them by following the cleaning and or
scraping procedures, previously demonstrated.
Choosing the right cookware
for your glass cooktop can also help
protect it from damage.
The recommended cookware is stainless steel.
You may use heavy aluminum and copper bottom pots
but be aware that they may leave small
scratches in, or a residue on, the cooktop surface.
Avoid cookware that is glass
ceramic, porcelain, enamel on steel,
stoneware, or cast iron.
Whatever material you choose, all your cookware should have
flat bottoms. Rounded, curved, ridged, or
warped bottoms are not recommended.
Here are some additional tips for protecting your cooktop.
Don't use window cleaner,
as it will leave behind an iridescent film.
Don't slide pots and pans on the surface,
as they may leave scratch marks.
Don't place wet pans or lids on the cooktop, as they may stick.
Don't use the cooktop surface as a cutting board.
With a little care and elbow grease,
it's easy to keep your cooktop clean and looking new.
Subscribe to our YouTube channel for the latest video updates.
For other care tips and videos, visit GEAppliances.com.