Well, let me show you how to 
make chocolate pralines my way.
The first thing to do is to pour the 
tempered chocolate into a piping bag.
Then, cut a relatively big hole for the piping.
Fill the mould with chocolate all the way to the top.
Great. When I have filled all my inserts I tap the mould carefully on each side to release air bubbles.
That can be trapped inside.
When that's done
Don't wait, just turn the mould upside down and pour all the excess chocolate  right back into the bowl.
Again, tap gently to remove excess chocolate
Scrape the surface of the mould to get 
a clean finish to your shells
Repeat the procedure if there's still to 
much chocolate in the mould
Because you want your chocolate 
shells to be as thin as possible.
Rotate the mould, letting it rest for 20 sec on each side, before placing it flat on a piece of parchment paper.
The reason why I do this, is to 
get the shells even all around.
And here you go even chocolate shells.
It's time to place the mould upside down
Leave the mould and let the chocolate set.
It's now time to fill our chocolate shells.
It's important to pipe the filling within 2mm of the edge
When the shells are filled, tap the mould carefully 
to even out the filling within the shells.
Fill the shells with more ganache if needed.
Now,  I've filled a new piping bag with tempered chocolate to close the chocolate shells up.
Use a scraper to close the shells up and
scrape away any excess chocolate.
Turn the mould around and repeat the procedure.
And this is the result, a thin and fine layer of chocolate.
Now I'll let them set for a while.
The quick way to do this is by 
placing them in a refrigerator.
The chocolate pralines has been inside the 
refrigerator for approximately 10 minutes.
A good way to see if they are ready get 
un-moulded or not is to look at the mould.
When it has a foggy look it means that the 
chocolate has set and released from the mould.
It's important not to hit the mould with force.
Just let them drop by themselves.
Here you go. Chocolate pralines with a great 
shine thanks to a good tempered chocolate.
Now it's time to taste them.
It's just so... good!
Good luck!