Hi everyone and welcome back to my channel.
Today I’m sharing with you how to make an
oreo milkshake.
This is simple and quick to make and tastes
delicious.
So if you would like to learn how to make
it then lets get started.
The first thing I’m doing is picking out
glass to serve the milkshake in.
You can either go for a traditional tall milkshake
glass, or you can use a mason jar like I am.
To make the milkshake look extra good I’m
starting off with decorating my glass with
chocolate syrup.
You can skip this step if you would like,
but I think it gives a great effect to the
milkshake.
Take your glass and tip it to the side, pouring
a small amount of syrup out.
The syrup will start to run down the side
of the glass as you continue.
To make a syrup look more interesting try
adding more syrup in different places creating
a more interesting effect.
Once you’re happy with your design set the
glass to the side while we make the milkshake.
For this milkshake you will only need a few
ingredients and a blender.
The recipe will be listed in the information
box as well as on my website, so just click
the link on the screen now.
The first ingredients is milk.
You an can use whatever kind of milk you would
like here, I’m just going with regular milk.
Measure out the milk and pour it into the
blender.
To the milk we are going to add some vanilla
ice cream.
I’m using vanilla because it’s plain and
won’t take too much attention away from
the oreo flavour but you could use any flavour
you would like.
Use an ice cream scoop to scoop out two medium
sized scoops of ice cream.
Place these in the blender with the milk.
This recipe has quite a liquidy milkshake
but if you would like it thicker just add
another scoop of ice cream.
And the last ingredient is of course oreos.
I’m using 6 for this recipe, but make sure
you have a few extra to garnish the milkshake
at the end.
Add these straight to the blender, theres
no need to break them up at all.
Place on the lid and begin to blend the milkshake
together.
This shouldn’t take too long, about 20 seconds
or so.
You don’t want to blend it for too long
as the ice-cream will begin to melt and the
milkshake will be a very liquid consistency.
Before serving check the consistency and either
add more milk or ice cream depending on your
preferences.
Pour the milkshake into the decorated glass.
This recipe makes enough for one large glass
or two small but it can easily be doubled
to serve more.
Top the milkshake with some whipped cream
and garnish with some crumbled up oreos and
straws.
Serve immediately.
I hope you enjoyed this video.
This oreo milkshake is great to make when
you feel like a treat.
It only takes a few minutes and it tastes
delicious.
If you make it don’t forget to send me a
picture of your creation.
For more drink recipes give this Margherita
a go, or for more videos take a look at my
channel.
Thank you so much for watching and I will
see you in my next video.
Bye.