Hey guys my name is Caitlin and welcome back
to Cait Straight Up.
It is national garlic day today and I am so
down to celebrate that.
Garlic is one of my favorite spices to add
to many different dishes and today we are
making one of my absolute garlic-y snacks.
Garlic knots.
I mean what better is there bread soaked in
garlic to dip in some yummy red sauce.
So today's recipe, Garlic Knots from scratch
and trust me guys it couldn't be easier.
So garlic knots in case you don't know what
they are, are this fun little tasty and addicting
snack that pizza places came up with to use
the left over dough from their pizza pies.
Now we are making our own homemade dough today
to make these knots and guys there are only
two ingredients.
We are starting with a cup and a half of self
rising flour into a nice mixing bowl, and
the second and last ingredient, in this delicious
dough one cup of Greek yogurt.
And yes you heard me correctly.One cup of
Greek yogurt one and a half cup self rising
flour and we're making a pizza dough out of
it.
So we're going to start to get it going with
a spoon, just to get it all together and then
we're going to have to get in there and get
going with our hands.
So then we're going to have to start kneading
and you're going to have to knead this dough
for about five to ten minutes and trust me
the more you knead the more its going to look
like the pizza dough.
You're going to notice your dough is ready
when you can start to handle it like this,
form a little ball out of it if you want,
throw it back and forth, whatever you want.
That's when you know that you're ready to
roll it out and start making your garlic knots.
We have our nice big ball here of our dough
and we spread out some flour on our counter
and we're just going to start to push it out
and then we're actually just going to start
rolling it out like you would any other dough,
just kind of flip it around.
Pretend you're a pizza guy you know, just
really kinda get it nice and thin.
Now say you didn't want to make garlic knots
guys, you can honestly spread this out and
make a pretty nice homemade pizza.
But since we're making out knots we're going
to start to cut up our dough here and get
it going.
So your just going to cut a nice big chunk
like this of the dough and roll it between
your hands like so.
So that you can eventually tie a nice little
knot, I like to press my corners down, personal
preference, and just put it right down onto
a non-stick cookie tray.
So we're just rolling up all of our dough
into these nice knot shapes and we're going
to cook 'em up in a 450 degree oven and then
we are going to soak them in garlic-y deliciousness.
It's going to be fantastic.
So your knots don't have to be perfect, right
they just have to be tied up like this and
we're just going to put them in a 450 degree
oven for about 10 to 15 minutes while we get
our garlic ready.
This part is really easy, we're going to coat
the bottom of our pan with our favorite olive
oil and let it warm up a little bit.
Then we are going to add our minced garlic
and saute it so the flavors start to come
out.
We're just going to let our knots cook for
about 10-15 minutes then we're going to add
them to our pan, drizzle with olive oil, sprinkle
with some parsley and salt.
And then we put it back into the oven for
five more minutes.
After a few minutes in the oven these garlic
knots are done and they smell so good.
They are going to be delicious and they were
easy right.
Very very simple.
Please guys subscribe to Cait Straight Up
for more fun recipes every Tuesday.
If you have any questions about this recipe
or want to let me know how you like it, do
that below this video or tweet at me @CaitStraightUp
we always honor requests so go ahead and put
a request in down there as well and other
than that guys I can't wait to see you next
time and I am going to dig in.
I'm going for the big side, yes I am I absolutely
am going for the big side cause these look
freaking delicious bye bye guys can't wait
to see you!
Woo!