So I already put this candle in my freezer
for way longer than it needs to be in here.
This has been in here for almost a day now,
I kind of forgot about it.
So yeah, this will not burn anymore
I'm down to the metal,
So, let's get to cracking the wax out!
So it has a slight crack down by this wick,
so hopefully it will be easier to get all of the wax out.
So I just have a paper plate to put all of the extra wax on,
that I get out,
and just a regular kitchen knife.
So I'm gonna try to get in this little crack,
and press along the edges,
There, got this piece out
This is harder than they make it look on the internet!
Ooh, just cracked it myself
Yes, there it goes!
Just have one little wick holder left
in there.
So at this point, most of the wax is out
and I'm gonna try the boiling water method
to try to get the last little wick holder out of there
I actually got that last wick holder out just by
grabbing onto it and pulling it out
So to get all of this residual wax out, I'm gonna pour
some boiling water in here
and leave it overnight,
like people recommend.
The glass is still cold from being in the freezer
so I hope it's okay and won't crack!
So as you can see, there's still a little bit of residual wax
along the glass
where it would melt down to every time I used it.
So the boiling water will hopefully get rid of that
But other than that, it's mostly cleaned out
So I just have some hot water from my Keurig
and I'm just going to pour this in here.
Hopefully it's enough...
...and it's not, sweet.
Well, let's see what happens
Is any of that wax going to lift?
A little bit of wax coming to the surface
and floating on top. I'm gonna add some
more boiling water.
Until you're at almost the top
and I'm just gonna let that sit overnight
and see all of the little wax pieces that come up
The little pieces from the bottom that held the wicks
are still in there
so we're still waiting for all of this to loosen up
and float to the top.
Here are the leftover pieces of wax
I've heard people say you can save these, put them on a tart warmer
or make your own candles.
So I may do that because I have a tart warmer back at home
and I really liked this scent
but it just looks like chocolate because it's brown
So after an hour or so, that wasn't giving me
many results.
I don't think the water was hot enough from my
Keurig, so I'm just gonna actually boil some water
and pour it back in, and let that sit overnight
instead.
So it's the morning after, you can see some little specks have floated to the top
but there's still a lot of wax in here
So this method didn't really work too well
for me. I probably got the bulk of it out
obviously with the knife
But I thought this would get rid of any extra wax.
So I'm gonna do what people have suggested and wash
it under hot soapy water
and hopefully the rest will come out.
So here we go!
That soapy water method worked really well
I was also able to peel off the bottom label
really easily, it just kind of rolls off.
So you can use this with or without the lid
Most people take these front stickers off
but I thought it was really pretty
so if you had a whole bunch of them with different stickers
maybe you could make them as a key,
like 'oh, I keep q tips in Mocha Latte Swirl and lipsticks in Butter Pecan Waffles'
or whatever.
But this is so pretty,
this jar is actually really lightweight
these candles are always really heavy
but clearly it's the wax
because this is actually really lightweight
and the glass feels a little fragile
so washing it, I had to be careful
when I was really scrubbing off the wax
but I'm so excited!
Here's some incentive to use up the very last bit of your candles
and clean them out, because they make beautiful storage jars
and usually I buy stuff like this at the Dollar Tree
but now I don't have to,
because I already have some laying around my house.
So thank you guys so much for watching
I hope you enjoyed this video,
and found it helpful.
If you want to tweet me pictures of how you use your empty candle jars
on Twitter, that would be awesome (@ photoholicgurli)
Give this video a thumbs up if you liked it
and subscribe if you're new to my channel
to join the GlamBamFam
and I will see you in my next video!
Happy organizing!
Bye!