Hi it's Tracy and welcome back to my channel and today I want to talk to you about something
I've become completely obsessed with.
It's delicious, it helps my waistline, it
gives me energy and I freaking love it
So, if you're new to my channel Hello I'm
Tracy and I put out brand new fitness, wellness
and lifestyle videos every single week.
So make sure that you subscribe to my channel
so that you never miss a video.
So what is it that I've become completely
obsessed with?
MATCHA LATTE!
I mean they are so delicious I love them
and they're actually really really good for
you so let me explain to you, I started getting
into this habit of looking all over Manhattan for a Matcha latte
and I'm not kidding, like I was googling where I could get them in my neighborhood, my favorite
places close, I was freaking out.
It was becoming a problem
and you know also they're about $5 a drink
Then I found that Starbucks had green tea
latte and I was like "awesome"
and I was drinking it and I was like "hmm,
this tasted kinda sweet", so I googled it
and it had 21 grams of sugar in a tall, which
is a small one.
I was like forget that.
So I'm going to teach you today why matcha
is so amazing and show you how to just make
a really easy one at home that is going to
help to keep your waistline the way that you
want it.
So why is Matcha so awesome?
There are 5 really key factors in matcha that
make it a really incredible thing to incorporate
into your life and healthy lifestyle.
#1 it helps to boost metabolism and burn calories
can I get an "oh yah"
So that is always a major plus we want to
make sure it's going to help to boost your
metabolism and burn calories as opposed to
make your waistline wider and wider
#2 it's really really loaded with antioxidants
even more so than regular green tea
so 1 cup of matcha is actually the equivalent
from an antioxidant perspective of 10 cups
of green tea!!!
That's major, so if you want to really protect
your body and be super healthy and full of
antioxidants, matcha is the way to go
Third thing is it is loaded with vitamin C,
zinc and magnesium
Really great and amazing powerhouses for your
nutrition so definitely matcha fits the bill
there
It also, this is huge, it gives you a calm
and balanced energy.
Now I don't drink caffeinated coffee anymore,
in fact, I can't because it makes me crazy,
but matcha is incredible because it definitely
does give you a little bit of an energy boost,
but it doesn't make you feel crazy which is
awesome and I can even enjoy around that 4
or 5 o'clock hour where it's snack time, often
I can have a matcha latte it gives me that
little bit of extra energy and I don't find
myself reaching for a snack, so it's a great thing
and the Fifth really important thing is that
matcha is super powerhouse and loaded with
cancer-fighting catechins.
Catechins, what they are, is a really powerful
antioxidant and what it does is it counteracts
free radicals, pollution, UV rays and chemicals.
So in my opinion, it is like if you live
in the modern world or in a city of any sort,
you definitely want to have catechins working in your favor to help protect you against
cancer.
So let me show you a really simple way to
make a green delicious matcha latte that I
know you are going to love.
So, for your matcha latte, all you're going
to need are
3 ingredients.
You are going to need some green matcha powder,
this is a heaping tablespoon of it
some warm water, you can boil this water,
that is completely fine
this is some unsweetened almond milk
you can really use whatever kind of milk that
you want
and then I also did have some unsweetened
stevia
The best quality unsweetened stevia whichever
you prefer.
So to make this really easy, all you do is
dump in your matcha, add some water to it.
It's going to be lumpy and that's ok.
Then I purchased one of these little battery
powered whisks.
You'll see that a lot of places recommend
that you do this bamboo whisk, but you don't
need to.
All you have to do here is turn it on and
it's going to miss it up so you won't have
any clumps and it starts frothing it
it's a beautiful green color, once that's
mixed then you can add in your unsweetened
milk
I already have this heated up
and then just same thing and turn it on
it get's it nice and frothy and delicious.
Now almond milk doesn't get a frothy as regular
milk and that's ok
and then just add a couple drops (about 4)
of really good quality stevia
That's all
give it a little stir
and wala!
So that is the simple way to make this incredible
delicious drink
it give you great energy
it's great for your health
it's great for your body
and I think you're going to love it
So, let me know if you tried matcha and if
you love it
and definetly leave a comment down below
I hope that you try it
I can't wait to hear from you
and I will see you next time
ok, Bye