namaskar
welcome to nishamadhulika.com
today we will make chole bhaturas whichare liked by everyone.
so we will knead dough for making bhaturas first.
we need:
maida- 2 cup
oil - 1 tbsp
semolina - 1/4 cup
curd - 1/4 cup
sugar - 1/2 tsp
salt - 1/2 tsp
baking soda - 1/2 tsp
add semolina in maida and make a well like this.
add curd,1 tbsp oil,sugar,salt and baking soda.
mix all ingerdients nicely.
make use of lukewarm water for kneading dough.
we have taken less then 1 cup lukewarm water for kneading dough.
add little water at a time and knead dough.
dough is ready and we have used more then half cup of water.
dough is ready;keep it aside for 2 hours on a warm place.
meanwhile prepare chole.
we need:
chana - 250 grams (1.5 cup)
soaked for 8 hours or overnight.
bakind soda - 1/2 tsp (to be used while boiling chanas)
teabags - 2 (to be used while boiling chanas)
for making masala we need:
salt - 1.5 tsp (more then 1 tsp) or as per taste
pomegrante seeds - more then 1 tsp
coriander powder - more then 1 tsp or 1.5 tsp
cumin seeds - 1/2 tsp
asafoetida - 1-2 pinch
red chilly powder- 1/4 tsp
garam masala - 1/4 tsp
green chilly - 2 (sliced lengthwise)
green coriande r- 2-3 tbsp (finely chopped)
paneer - 100 gram (cut into small chunks and then fry)
oil - 2 tbsp (for making chans and frying paneer chunks)
paste - 4-5 tomatoes,1-2 green chilly and 1 inch ginger piece
boil the chanas.
for this place chanas in cooker.
add baking soda,teabag and half the amount of salt as well.
add water keeping the level above chanas.
add more water later if needed.
close the cooker.
turn on the gas.
cook for 2-3 minutes on more after it simmers once.
reduce the flame and cook for 2-3 more minutes.
meanwhile prepare masala.
add 2 tsp oil in preheated pan.
add cumin seed and asafoetida as well.
after sautieing cumin seeds add pomegranate,coriander powder,tomato-chilly-ginger paste and red chilly powder.
saute the masala for while until oil starts floating on the surface.
keep stirring the masala after regular intervals.
masala is ready
chanas are boiled as well,now remove the teabags added while boiling.
teabags give color to the chanas.
mix cholas in the masala.
add salt.
you can fry the chilies and then add from the top or add along with chanas.
we will add them after fyring.
add water as per requirement.
add garam masala as well.
now we will add paneer chunks in the chanas after frying them or as it is.
now cover and cook for 2 more minutes on low flame so that chanas and paneer absorb all spices.
chole are ready,now add green coriander into it.
now start making bhaturas.
with help of dry flour make small balls for making bhaturas.
take one ball and dust it with dry flour.
now roll it.
roll them in oval or round shape.
we are making oval shape bhaturas.
check whethet oil is hot or not.
now place bhaturas in oil.
press it gently with ladle and then flip it.
chole bhatura a street food of Pinjab and Delhi are ready.
serve chole bhaturas with pickle.
try making chole bhaturas and share your experiences with us.
see you again at nishamadhulika.com