Hi everyone, welcome back to the kitchen today. I've got a delicious side dish for you
This is a creamy tomato orzo with some spinach thrown in it really is easy and quick to make and it uses shelf
Staples out of your pantry. Let's go see how this all comes together
Okay, today we're gonna be making a creamy tomato orzo with spinach this makes a great side
Dish we serve it alongside just about any kind of grilled or pan-seared protein tonight
We're having it with some rib eye steaks along with some roasted asparagus
And this is super easy to make so we're gonna start off with I have 3 cups of water
I have 2 cups of orzo pasta. I have a jar of prepared pasta sauce
Molly opened went up for her lunch the other day and didn't eat the whole thing
So this is a great opportunity for me to make this dish I may or may not use all of it
But we're gonna use the majority of it. I'm gonna throw in fresh baby spinach
This is a quart jar. But I guarantee you that that spinach is gonna cook down into next to nothing
It's just gonna add a little extra nutrition to your side dish and really you're not even really gonna know it's there
We're gonna flavor this up with some fresh garlic about two cloves
Approximately a quarter of a cup of freshly grated parmigiano-reggiano
Four tablespoons of butter you can back off on that if you choose but the butter really is where the flavor is coming from
I have a teaspoon each of onion powder and garlic powder and a teaspoon of dried basil a
teaspoon of dried Italian seasoning and a half a teaspoon of cracked black pepper and kosher salt
You want to bring your water to a boil and then you're gonna add your orzo. Give it a good stir
And I want you to add a tablespoon of butter at this point, it's gonna add the like instead of adding oil in here
So it will prevent it from sticking together. So that's a little piece of or it's a little piece of Warsaw that got toasted
That's all
That way I will prevent everything from sticking together
you're gonna want to cook this over a medium-high heat until the orzo absorbs the water and it
represents rice and is
Al dente which means to the tooth is a little bit chewy, then we'll move on with the rest of the recipe
Which is super easy. Our orzo is just about finished and I'm gonna go ahead and start adding all the remaining ingredients
So here goes on the rest of the butter
Give that a good stir and get it in there
You want to make sure that you get that stirred in and melted because you're gonna add cold sauce in here
and you don't want the butter to
Not already be melted. I'm leaving it over medium-high heat there goes our garlic and our sauce
I'm gonna add about now. I'm gonna go ahead and all at all of it because
My orzo has absorbed all of the water
And we want this to be a creamy
Saucy side dish and it's going continue to absorb this delicious tomato sauce
So use whatever is your favorite if you use homemade add some of that if you like you can just use
14 ounce or 15 ounce can of prepared tomato sauce that will work as well
You can see how it's not too liquidy and that's exactly how you want it
I'm gonna add all of our seasonings and our parmesan
Give this a good stir
One thing about wars o is it needs to be babysat?
You can't just walk away from it
Especially if you're cooking it in the method that I'm sharing today like rice because it will stick to the bottom if you're not careful
You can always boil this in a pot of water like regular pasta and drain it but it's not going to have the same creamy
Consistency, it's just going to be separate like pasta, but you see how when I draw my spoon through it. It doesn't
immediately fill up that
Trench it's just starting to absorb all of those flavors and all that sauce
And now what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna add the spinach in here
And just stir it in and that spinach is gonna wilt right on in there and it's gonna be fantastic
I'm just have a nice flavor and another level of nutrition to the dish. It smells incredible
There you go. That's how quick and easy this creamy tomato
orzo with spinach is to make
now I'm just gonna pop a lid on this until all the rest of my meal is done and then we'll come back and I'll
Show you what this looks like. I am gonna let this rest for about ten minutes
Anyway, just to let that spinach wilt even further. I'll be back and I'll show you what this looks like there
You have it our creamy tomato. Orzo with spinach is done and ready to serve
Like I said earlier, we're gonna be having this as a side dish to a steak dinner
Which is a really lovely option in place of a baked potato or whatever else you like to serve with a steak
This is so delicious. It's creamy
It's light and adding that spinach in there really helps to pack a nutritional punch and it is extra flavorful
like I said using your favorite pasta sauce is a really great way to
skip a step and make this super easy and I know works ready to taste it you have to
It's creamy and it's buttery and it's just the right amount of tomato sauce, you know, there's no cream in it
Oh, it's so good
only a little bit of butter and adding that little bit of Parmesan cheese is
What really binds this all together makes it super anxious and delicious?
That's how you make creamy tomato orzo with spinach and I know you're gonna love it
I hope you liked today's video
And if you did, please consider giving me a thumbs up and if you're new to my kitchen welcome
I hope you enjoyed what you saw today. Please consider hitting that subscribe button
And if you are I try to ensure member of the Noreen's kitchen family. Be sure and go down and hit the bell
Notification button because we don't want any of you to miss out on all the real food for real people
Real easy recipes that we present all the time right here on our YouTube channel and straight from our kitchen
I hope you give this creamy tomato orzo with spinach a try sometime soon, and I hope you love it
Until next time I'll see ya