There are plenty of reasons to quit drinking
alcohol.
Perhaps you can't party as hard as you once
did, maybe you've developed a beer belly,
or maybe your drinking is starting to get
out of hand.
"Hey look, if I was drunk, would I be able
to do this?"
Whatever your circumstances are, you're here,
and you're ready to kick the sauce.
Let's break down what happens to your body
once you quit drinking.
Withdrawal
The withdrawal process varies depending on
how much of a drinker you were before you
stopped.
Your body and brain have to adjust to you
no longer putting a powerful substance in
it anymore.
Your brain altered its chemical balances in
order to work with a regular intake of alcohol.
Now it needs to readjust for life without
it, and you may feel all kinds of changes,
such as an increase in body temperature, a
rise in blood pressure, sweating, tremors,
and insomnia—all happening as the body settles
into a new norm.
If you're a heavy drinker, the detox process
is much more serious on the biological level.
It could be fatal if not treated correctly,
so when you're ready to stop drinking, seek
professional medical help.
You'll Sleep Better
You may have thought you slept well when you
were drinking, but that's not quality sleep—it's
more "passing out."
Ending your intake of alcohol restores the
brain's healthy, normal alpha wave patterns.
Alcohol interrupts those patterns and makes
the brain tell the body it's awake, which
makes for less restful, restorative sleep.
Without alcohol, your brain knows it's asleep,
and stays asleep.
With better sleep, your concentration, mood,
and mental acuity will improve, and you’ll
feel like a million bucks again.
Weight Loss
If you stop drinking and change nothing else
about your diet or level of activity, you're
likely to lose weight.
It's partially the simple concept of calorie
counting—alcohol, especially beer, contains
a lot of calories.
"Ah thank you. God I love you."
A single IPA may have as many as 200 calories,
while a margarita could have 300.
If you reduce your caloric intake by hundreds
of calories a day, the pounds will drop off
over time.
"Aahh!"
Aaah!
Aahh!
Oh!
I'm thin!"
Plus, you'll overeat less.
Being intoxicated sends the hypothalamus in
the brain into higher gear, which makes the
body more sensitive to food smells.
That, combined with alcohol's famous ability
to remove inhibitions, leads to extra eating.
Better Skin
Alcohol is a diuretic, forcing water out of
the body and decreasing the production of
a hormone that helps the body absorb and hold
water.
This is why you need water during a hangover.
Over time, less water in the body leads to
noticeable effects, such as parched and dry-looking
skin, rosy red cheeks, dandruff, and eczema.
After kicking the sauce, you should see a
vast improvement in the quality of your skin.
Normal Blood Sugar
Alcohol is like a blood sugar randomizer:
while small amounts of alcohol can raise your
blood sugar level, excess amounts can lower
it, leading to hypoglycemia or even type II
diabetes.
Luckily, blood sugar levels often normalize
when alcohol is no longer a factor, so no
more need to pound all that candy.
Lower Cancer Risk
The National Cancer Institute has linked heavy
drinking with an increased risk of several
cancers, among them: mouth, liver, breast,
colon, and rectal cancer.
Without alcohol in the body, that's one less
carcinogen to worry about, which is a pretty
good reason to celebrate.
(Hold On by Wilson Phillips playing)
Thanks for watching!
Subscribe to our YouTube channel to watch
more videos like the one you just saw.
And leave us a comment to tell us about your
experiences with giving up alcohol…