Hi, itís Jenny from, the Missouri Star Quilt
Company.
I was working lately with one of these patterns,
we got these great patterns from, Thankfully
Sew, and what I love that she does is that
she does this basic quilt pattern and then
she adds a little appliquÈ to it here, and
so what I wanted to do today is take the mystery
out of this appliquÈ and be able to show
you how we do it, so it comes together quickly
and easily.
For this quilt Iíve used this fun Batik Robert
Kaufmann, ìAqua Spaî Jelly Roll.
Itís new in the shop but, I canít resist
a good Batik Jelly Roll, and a little bit,
they come in a fat quarter bundle as well,
and so I have a little group of those as well,
and on this youíll see sheís taken straight
6î blocks, cut the jelly roll into 6î blocks,
staggered them like bricks and we have a æ
of
them are above and then just a little bit
below and then she takes a 12î strip of fabric
and she does that.
So, I want to show you how we do that appliquÈ
so that it will take a little mystery out
of it.
OK, so what youíre going to need is weíre
going to open up this pattern and in each
pattern there comes a page to draw off.
Hereís your boat, thatís your pattern.
Now the fun thing about this is that if you
use this and you get a coloring book that
has bears on it you could put little bears.
You know, you could do, the possibilities
are endless with appliquÈ, which is so fun.
So, what youíre going to need is youíre
going to need some of this.
This is that iron on stuff thatís sticky
on both sides itís called Heat ën Bond and
when you put your paper underneath it you
can see that you can see the lines right through
it.
So, what I like to do on this is I like to
scooch it over to save as much as I can, and
then Iím going to draw the sail like this
and Iím not perfectly careful because when
I cut it Iíll be a little straighter.
Iím going to draw the little boat part because
I can separate those, and then I scoot this
over a little bit and Iím going to draw the
little mast, and then Iíll move it over again,
and up in this corner Iíll see if I can turn
it, there, I can fit the star.
It doesnít need, you know when youíre tracing
it onto this Heat ën Bond paper you donít
have to have any seam allowance so you just
actually trace
it out.
So, then what youíre going to do is youíre
going to do is, youíre going to take this
right here, put it on your fabric.
Out of this one Iím going to do the sail.
So what Iím going to do is Iím really just
going to really, roughly trim this out.
Iím not going to pay much attention to, you
know Iím just getting a general rough idea
because I really donít want to work hard
to cut this out twice.
So weíre just going to easily do this, and
then what Iím going to do is Iím going to
iron this on here.
What itíll do is itíll stick, it just takes
the touch of the iron to stick it, and then
Iím going to cut it out right on these lines
so that itís perfect.
And Iíll show you one right here see this
is one right here that Iíve cut out, see,
on my lines.
Iíve just kind of cut that out.
Then what youíre going to do is youíre going
to peel this paper off, a lot of people donít
have any trouble with this they roll a corner
and it comes up, but if you do you can just
take your scissor and score a line like this
and itíll come right apart in there and you
peel that off.
And then what youíre going to do is youíre
just going to take this, and youíre going
to get youíre whole thing together first.
You donít want to start ironing it down until
youíve got all your pieces
together, and all your pieces of your appliquÈ
as well.
So, you want to put all, all of your sailboats
out before you iron it.
Hereís my little stick, mast.
Sorry, my little mast.
And itís a little long so Iím going to trim
that off, and then Iím just going to slide
it down here under the edge of the boat, slide
my mast right there, and Iíve got my stars.
I chose to iron my stars on this little piece
of purple, I chose this part out of this fat
quarter bundle right here I thought it looked
really like wood they just have fun kind of
oceany looking fabrics.
I love it.
So, then Iím going to cut out my stars.
The stars are kind of fun because the legs
are so short you can just kind of make one
quick cut and youíve cut the whole edge of
the star.
There we go weíve got to two more legs to
go.
Now let me just cut this off here, so we can
make a little more room.
There we go.
Now see, you can even see, this is a wobbly
line but Iím going to take my scissor and
position it right where itís supposed to
end up and because itís a nice straight blade
itíll just make a straight blade.
So, then Iím going to roll this leg back
so a piece of this comes off, there we go.
Peel it.
And so thereís my first little sailboat.
Now Iíll end up with five more sailboats
on here, and theyíll all be tilting topsy
turvy, and you know theyíll just be adorable,
and so really you could use any picture that
you wanted to put on there and it would work
well.
Now, I wanted to show you right on these boats
right here.
I have taken a blanket stitch and sewn all
around this.
This is ironed on, then I took a blanket stitch
and sewed all the way around the edge of this.
To keep from changing thread I used an invisible
thread but you could you know, say you used
white thread on this it would just outline
it would just look really good.
So, I used a blanket stitch, but you could
use a zig-zag, you can use one of your fancy
stitches, you can use a straight stitch and
sew along here.
This is already adhered because itís ironed
on the sticky stuff on it helps it stick to
it.
So, itís already adhered but I went ahead
and gave it a little bit of a border all the
way around, and then of course when I quilt
my quilt pattern, it quilts over the whole
top to hold it down more.
So, this is going to be able to go through
lots of washings.
You know itís going to be great for baby,
because thereís no loose parts, and itís
going to be able to be thrown in the wash
and just not have any trouble at all.
And it adds such a fun dimension to your quilt.
I just want to hold it up here so you can
get a good look at it.
Isnít that great?
Then I used this great Batik on the back that
looks like ocean waves.
Itís just so fun, it makes a really fun quick
idea.
So I hope Iíve taken a little bit of the
mystery out of appliquÈ for you and that
you are able to just take one of these precuts,
put a little strip of something in there,
add a little appliquÈ to it and I hope youíve
enjoyed this tutorial from the Missouri Star
Quilt Company.