Hey guys welcome back to Detail Garage!
So today I am going to do a car wash on this 
Fiat 500.
I'm going to show you how to make a car wash
very simple and quick.
I would say lets do it in five minutes but
I'm not sure I can do it in five minutes since
I do have to set up everything first but it
will take under ten minutes to wash this whole car.
First it's small but second I'll be using
the Foam Cannon.
So using the TORQ Foam Cannon I'll be able
to coat the whole car with soap, lubricate
the surface and wash it down without having
to keep dipping my mitt into the wash bucket.
So in using the TORQ Foam Cannon one big thing
I want to show you today is a new soap.
Yes I know you're probably asking another
soap, of course.
We have another soap because who doesn't like
different options, different scents, different
suds or different things they provide.
Some of our soaps are providing a very glossy
finish while some have higher suds so when
you use them inside your Foam Cannon it's
going to produce a lot more foam.
Today I'm introducing our Stripper Suds.
Stripper Suds is great because everybody loves
the way Stripper Scent smells.
They can't wait to get home and spray it in
their car or in the house, I've hears so many
stories of how people use it in so many different places.
So why not create that into a soap and every
time you wash the car you get that beautiful
scent of Stripper Scent.
Also you'll get the foaming power that you'd get
in your traditional soaps.
It is great because it works well in a regular
wash bucket as well as in your Foam Cannon.
See, even he's excited.
So Stripper Suds is going to work great inside
the Foam Cannon because it is still going
to produce a lot of great suds and I'll show
you that once we start washing.
It's also pH balanced...he's very excited
about the Stripper Suds.
So even if you are out in the sun like we
are today you don't have to worry about it.
I'm going to add some of our Stripper Suds
Car Wash Soap into my Foam Cannon that I've
already filled with water.
We should remove the label, our products come sealed for safety so they don't spill while they are shipping.
So this is going to leave a slick smooth finish.
I'm going to add a little bit more usually
you can do just one to two ounces is all you need.
See people are really excited about this.
Stripper Suds is going to provide a slick
and slippery finish while it washes away all
that dirty feeling that the car has.
Along with my Foam Cannon I'm also going to
do a two bucket wash.
We are always doing two bucket washes because
we want to make sure we don't install any
swirls or scratches in the paint and it is
the standard in having a great car wash.
We've gone over the two bucket method many
times but for those of you who don't know,
the two bucket means one bucket will be my
wash bucket and the other will be my rinse.
So one is going to be filled with soap and
the other is going to be for me to rinse after
I come off the car.
To further reduce the chance of installing
scratches I'll be using the Cyclone Dirt Traps
like I've done in previous videos.
So I'll insert my red one in this bucket and
my black one in the other.
The reason for the different colors is so that I can differentiate between my wash and my rinse bucket.
Like I said the Stripper Suds as well as any
other Chemical Guys soap you can use them
as a traditional wash without using a Foam
Cannon but I love using the Foam Cannon.
It makes the wash experience fun and easy
to help glide the wash mitt over the surface.
So I'm going to put some Stripper Suds into
my wash bucket.
Kinda got excited there and squirted everywhere.
That one is ready so now I'm going to rinse
down the car and then I'll connect my TORQ
Foam Cannon and then we'll hit it with the
wash mitt.
So lets get started.
Let me get a wash mitt.
A wash mitt!
I forgot that, so I'm going to use our Chenille Wash Mitt.
This now comes in three colors so if you want
to use a different wash mitt for your wheels
or you like having different colors for different
things or you just like having choices.
We now have blue and black.
Everybody loves this one and it's our favorite.
As you can see I only used about half of the
Foam Cannon.
We get asked how much do I need to do a whole car.
This is a small car and I used half and that's
actually using more than I probably needed.
Now I'm going to wash the car with the wash mitt.
I'll dunk this into the rinse bucket.
This car is perfectly sized for me because
I can reach most of it.
The Stripper Suds smells great.
I'm not sure which soap is your favorite but
I usually like the smell of Mr. Pink or Honey Dew
because they smell so good while I'm washing
but now I think this is one of my favorites.
If you like Stripper Scent then you will definitely
love this soap.
Lets rinse!
So there you have it, I washed the car but
I don't think it was under five minutes however
it'd be great to know how long it took.
It was pretty fast using the TORQ Foam Cannon
and now with the Stripper Suds it was an awesome
foam experience as you can see it produced
a lot of suds just like the other soaps and
it gave a great scent especially if you like Stripper Scent.
We'll see you next time.
Oh yeah don't forget to subscribe down below.
Like this video and buy some Stripper Suds....or
try it at least.