Today I'm gonna show you the secret on how to get your pancake batter the perfect consistency every single time you make them
Doesn't matter what kind of ingredients you have
Whether it's homemade, using premix made pancakes, so if you have measuring cups you know the right mixing utensils
Whether it's a fork or whisk or the one of those plastic spatulas. It doesn't matter. I'm gonna show you the secret
So the first step is gonna be a
Eyeball the amount of pancake mix you want in there see that is about um
Three good pancakes right there three decent sized pancakes what I'm looking for like four or maybe like six smaller pancakes
Alright, so you got your batter there
Your dry mix. That's good now look
I had water to my pancakes because it's about the same thing as milk that the pancakes turned out pretty much the same
So yeah, I just go ahead and add the water here
and I can I eyeball it but
Doesn't matter for you
I'll show you how to work around that and then you just mix it up pretty good now
Look after you can see the amount of water. I added I
Over I mean I added too much water by a lot
That is way too runny for pancakes, so here's a kicker here
Here's the trick to getting your pancakes to be the right consistency over time when it gets when it gets runny like this, okay?
It's not the end of the world you don't have to start over
It's not. It's not gonna kill you you just simply take a little bit more batter. Whatever you got
Not too much. Because you want to go little by little until I get back to that right consistency and just mix that up
And check it out, okay?
and look, it's still not there?
Ok whatever. I'll just add a little more. Just keep adding it on there.
Like it's all trial and error. That's how science works... right?
Trial and error figure stuff out. I mean that's looking better right there you kinda want to be careful too cuz right now
I've been making a lot of pancakes. You know I eat them every day but
You can see
It's not ideal texture, but after it sits for like thirty seconds. It'll kind of firm-en up firm-en
Is that word little kind of firm up, so just kind of take it easy there. I would have a little bit more I guess
I like my pancakes a bit more fluffy once again that point
It's uh very easy to overdo it and thats probably about perfect for me. I'll let that sit and then I'll mix it up again
Alright Alright, I know what you're saying I know what you're saying all right
That works when you have the premade mix the Krusteaz the Bisquick all the dry mix all ready for you
You can add that in but what happens when I'm making pancakes from scratch right and the flour and the sugar the baking soda
That's all gonna be out of whack I can't you know just ad-lib those in to get those work right yeah
Yeah, I know so here's a trick for that okay?
Instead of adding more water than you need be on the conservative side with the water. Okay add less water than you think you need
Then slowly build up the water from there until you get to the right consistency see here
We added the batter the dry mix a little by little till we got the right consistency, but this way you'll work the other way
Your work backwards in a sense, and you'll add water slowly until you get to the right mix, okay
So that's the way to do it
That's how you get your pancake makes a perfect consistency every time and you can use this for literally anything because it's just a ratio
Of dry to wet ingredients, right?
So my name is a pancake God. I've eaten pancakes for over a year now
Everyday consecutively haven't missed a day. I got my pancake knowledge all up here and
Sometimes in here all right LG life's good. Let's go