hello friends and not-yet-friends,
Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside,
Yorkshire Puddings are easy to make vegan
with this recipe from my friend from across
the pond, Flash Gordonette.
I love her blog full of British food classics
and more made vegan.
Ever since I read the Secret Garden as a kid,
I've been intrigued by English food.
These puddings are simple to make with just
some basic vegan pantry items.
As always, the link to the complete recipe
will be in the description below.
Start by dropping some cooking oil into a
muffin tin.
Yes, this recipe is not for the fat phobic
but even this is healthier than regular yorkshire
pudding recipes.
Preheat the whole thing while you make the
batter.
I'm using ener-g egg replacer mixed with a
couple tablespoons of water.
Once that's frothy, we'll add the rest of
the wet ingredients.
Then in another bowl, we combine self-raising
flour, black salt for an eggy flavour, and
baking powder.
Stir in the wet ingredients and whisk so we'll
have a foamy batter without any lumps.
And because the next step is a little tricky,
we'll pour this back into the measuring cup.
The oven is nice and hot now and we'll pour
the batter right into the tins.
Be careful and don't burn yourself.
Safety first.
It'll bubble up right away.
Be quick about this and close the oven door
as quickly as possible.
This is the most important step.
Now we play the waiting game.
After 20 minutes we lower the heat a bit so
the puddings keep cooking and gaining some
color without burning.
10 minutes longer and you should have something
like this.
These little puds are crispy on the top and
airy and soft on the inside.
I'm having them with a bit of marmite gravy
which is like my lazy gravy only I used marmite
instead of a vegetable boullion cube.
And this was so tasty.
If you've never tried Yorkshire Pudding before,
give it a try!
And while you're over at Flash Gordonette.com
getting the recipe, you should take a peak
at her other easy vegan recipes like tuna
mayo made from jackfruit, tattie scones, and
bacon crumbles.
Thank you for watching this video.
Please give this it a thumbs up if you liked
it and subscribe for more easy vegan recipes
every Friday.
Bye for now!