Hello everybody, this is Ana satya aka @CrystalHealthGoddess and today I have created this setup
here with all these amethyst cathedrals here because I wanted to share
something with you that I bet many of
you don't know, I didn't know myself for
many years actually I will always look
at the Cathedrals,  amethyst Cathedral
citrine cathedrals, and you know? think 
think they are absolutely gorgeous
beautiful because they are but I never
really thought how are they made? because
to be honest I never even thought if
they come like this or is something done
to them? so them, I'm gonna tell you the
story. I work directly with a family of
miners in Brazil so I feel very blessed
because I have the ability to get a lot
of special Amethyst, like it is one of the
crystals that I specialized in, and have a lot
of amethyst crystals right. I have a
great relationship with them and I
remember one day they contact me they
say that they have you know got into
Miami a huge trailer container actually
of amethyst so they always call me you
know to go first and see you know what I
have, so I can take which is a wonderful
thing, so I remember that day I was
talking to him right and we were talking
about amethyst and I really don't know
how it came to be but we engaged in a
very very interesting conversation and
then he told me how they are made and I
was fascinated and not only I'm going to
tell you how they are made because half
of this is man-made, they are man made,
but I'm also going to tell you why. So
um so the first I'm going to tell you
how Amethyst are taken out of the
mine right, so I'm going to tell
you a little story so imagine
you're a miner right?
so they go into the mine into you know
like a cave right? and there is a wall
now mining is very very hard work, it really is.
So they don't  just go and start you
know like taking rocks down and then
they find crystals. Which is one of the 
interesting things because I have no
idea how they do it,
so what they do is they have this like, imagine a straw, they have
these very thin cameras right so what they do
is they drill a hole in the wall the
rock wall, and then they put the camera
through there right? so then with the
camera they see behind the rock wall and
they see if there are crystal there, if they find and they see that there are crystals, then
what they do is then they start to break
down you know, the rock wall taking it
down, so then they can freely access
right, to all of their crystals that they
saw were behind that wall, rock wall. So okay,  now they have found
that behind these huge rock wall,
there are crystals so they are going to
do a lot of work, to take all those rocks 
down, dig a hole through a tunnel let's
say, and access to the crystals so then
they start extracting the amethyst
right? they start to get in and down and
then for example, imagine the difference.
This is a small one this is a huge one
right these are huge ones so what
happened is that when they get the
amethyst which is
is fascinating to me because I love
crystals I love them so much that I
don't think any crystal is ugly I just
don't like the way they look if they
come from Mother Earth I absolutely love
them, I don't care how they really look
I love them, but they don't! they actually  think that they are not very pretty,
because when you take a huge crystal out
of the earth it doesn't look like this
at all right? it looks maybe let's say let me
see close maybe right it looks um you
say this is this is original this is the
rock matrix so to speak but this one has
been polished, but this is natural this
is the way it is, this is natural right, 
this one is like that
however the big ones when the big ones
are been taken out, they don't look like
this, maybe they are broken, maybe they
have pieces right of the rock matrix,
but they don't really like it, actually
I'm going to show you how they look.  Okay
I'm back, so imagine this is a huge
amethyst crystal right, that they just
extracted it, um from the from the earth so
let me get close, so let's say that when
they take it out imagine this big cathedral, when they take it out, it looks like
this right, is crystal it has some of
the matrix but it looks like this, so
they don't like it. Imagine  if this cathedral will be like this, to me? and
I'm sure to you, you will love it, because
still it is fantastic, it is really
beautiful like that, but for whatever
reason which I don't understand and I'm not
trying to find understanding over this,
it is what it is. In Brazil,
and most of the world,
they don't like it so then what they do
and this is the fascinating part, then
what they do, okay let's make sure it  doesn't fall.
What they do,  ok let me move this like
this, all this that you see here, this? is
a real crystal this is 100 percent
natural amethyst crystal, but then what
they do they put cement, cement you know
when you building a house, when you build
in the road,
cement! so they put cement all over right?
and then when the cement get harder this
is how it looks, so really, this is 100
percent natural
this is exactly how the crystal came out
the earth, but this? all this is man-made
this is a cement and this is how they
amethyst cathedrals they are made. I
didn't know myself for many many years I
never even thought about it until you
know they told me so now I'm going to go
close with the camera so I can show you
the difference so you're going to see
what a big difference how this is 100%
natural is just polished but still is
natural, and this? this is cement, it is 
man-made in order for the amethyst
Cathedral to look like this it needed
the help of the man to create with
cement the base, so they kind of like a
structure is like this, to me I I really
wonder how will they look right Oh
naturally without this, but at the same
time I understand because imagine for
example this cathedral right? this is
fantastic,
this is one of my favorite is like a
it's like a cave I can pull a half of my
arm inside, so these let's say is like a
cocoon
so then they break it and then they
realize that it has a hollow and it's
filling with crystals but you want to
stay standing up right? on its own, so
that's the reason why they create with
cement like a base so all this is cement
and then they do it around the same
thing so then when it dry, then it stays
like this and this is the base but is
man-made with cement, and then this is the cathedral itself. So I'm going to
get close with the phone, to show you, very close,
so you can see what I mean.
ok so now that I am close, I wanted to
show you this. This is an amethyst baby
Cathedral
this is 100% natural this is exactly the
way that it comes out of the earth
the exception is that on this, you see? is very
smooth this has been polished right, like
if you will get a paper-sand  and then you
just like a really Polished, of course you
know, they do it a lot more professionally than
just with like a paper-sand,  but these to
give you an idea this is just polished
but is exactly is completely natural.
However, see the difference? with this you
see? this is cement, this is what men
creates in order to create like
a foundation for the cathedral, to create the cathedral, so look at the difference
between the natural rock or the matrix
and this one. This is cement, man-made,
this is completely natural. Now, by me
showing you these, it doesn't mean that
the amethyst cathedrals they loose any of
they wonderful qualities or they are less
beautiful or anything like that, at all. 
I'm just trying to educate you and show
you some things that maybe you didn't know,
because I didn't know at some point. So
I'm sure you might don't know, and besides, 
these are very interesting things to
know, how things are made, so this is you
see the other one this is cement as well
right? see they see the difference? so
this is cement right? and then it's
going to go around a little bit you see?
all that is cement these one's the same.
ok so this is how um crystal amethyst
cathedrals are made. So I really hope you
enjoy this video I really love to teach
about crystal not only the metaphysical
properties so how you can use them to
help you improve your life in so many
ways, emotional, physical, mentally,
spiritually. I mean I'm so passionate
about crystals because they have helped
me through the years so so so much. I'm
incredibly grateful to them and I have
learned to work with them, to love them,
to truly appreciate them, but it's very
rewarding for me I really enjoy, to
educate others about crystal healing,
about these wonderful energy beings,
because crystals are alive, trust me, they
are, different vibration, different
frequency, but they are light beings, just
like you and I. We're human right this is
the crystal Kingdom but they are life. So
I just really like to to educate and
teach people about crystals and this is
one thing that I know many people can
consider interesting because to me what
fascinated when I find out, so I wanted
to share with you all today
how amethyst cathedrals or featuring
cathedrals they are made. I really hope
you enjoy the video
comment anything you want to be kind 
and positive, keep positive your comments
subscribe to my channel and I will start
doing a lot more videos educational
videos so there is something in
particular you would like me to talk
about let me know in the comments and I
will start making videos about it. Thank
you very much I hope you enjoy it and
always very grateful for you to follow
my channel. Namaste