On our last video we promised we would show
you how to make the pulley system we referred
to.
It’s a very cheap, economical system that
can really solve a lot of problems in your
studio and be a really useful backdrop system.
Right here we just have a wooden dowel, basically
a dowel rod that you can buy at any Home Depot,
Lowe’s, or any big hardware store found
all over the nation.
This is 10 feet (I think they’re usually
sold in 10 feet), and what you want to do
is buy one of these 10 feet rods.
If you want it shorter, if you have a saw
it’s very easy to cut down.
You can have a 9 foot, 8 foot, 7 foot system
as well.
Over here on the corner we have a little “eye
hook.”
You buy an “eye hook”.
You screw it into the side here, and you buy
cord or rope and just tie it onto the end
of this “eye hook.”
You want an “eye hook” for both sides.
You want to buy two double pulleys and you
want to buy one single pulley.
So we have our wooden dowel here.
On each side of the wooden dowel we have an
“eye hook”, and on one side you’ll have
a single pulley with just one roller, and
that pulley will hook to the wall with that
“eye hook” that’s in the wall, and that
“s hook” between the “eye hook” and
the pulley.
On the other side you’ll have the rope that
goes up, and you’ll have a double pulley.
On the side of the double pulley you’re
going to have a second double pulley.
And so the single pulley side, the rope will
go up to the single pulley and then it connects
over to the double pulley on the other side,
and then it goes through that double pulley
into this pulley, down, to the bottom.
It loops through this double pulley, and that’s
how it connects to the left side.
So you’ll have two double pulleys on the
same side, one single pulley on the other
side.
All these pulleys you want to attach to the
wall by putting an “eye hook” in the wall
and an “s hook” to attach the “eye hook”
to the pulley system.
So you want 1, 2, 3 “s hooks”, 1, 2, 3,
4, 5 “eye hooks”, and you want enough
rope to match the dimensions of your studio,
and you want a wooden dowel.
If you have any questions just give us an
email or a call and we’d be glad to help.