Lavender is a very easy plant to
propagate from cuttings. all you need is
a propagating mix some cuttings and a
warm position to keep them in and till
they've formed a good root system. We're
going to show you how to do it.  So the
best time to take cuttings is in the
early spring, you can take them in late
winter, as long as you have a propagating
house or some form of cover that's going
to provide a little bit of extra warmth
protection from the cold and maintain a
little bit of humidity, and we'll show
you how to do that. What you're looking
for in a cutting is a stem with a heel
on it, so what we mean by a heel is the
part where the new green wood here is
meeting this slightly older wood . We'll
just come in here and snip that off once
you've taken your cuttings, and we do
recommend that you take a few so that
you get the number of plants that you
want, because they may not all strike,
you're ready to use your propagating mix
and we'll show you how to do that.  When
we're propagating Lavender cuttings we
like to use a propagating mix that is
1/3 vermiculite 1/3 peat moss and one
third compost this makes it a nice light
airy mix the vermiculite retains
moisture and this is going to be great
for root development.  If you don't have
access to these materials you can simply
use a straight potting mix.  Next you need
to prepare the cuttings,  strip the
foliage off the bottom part of the plant
and then trim off the top of the plant
this is left you with a nice long stem
which allows for better root development,
and some leaves on the top which will
help with transpiration.  If there are any
flowering heads, remember that you need
to remove those.  We've prepared our four
cuttings and we are
ready to plant them.  You'll notice that
we're using tall plastic pots but you
can use anything, we prefer something
that's a little bit taller because we
like to put a longer stem down into the
mix.  Once you've prepared your cuttings
you're ready to plant them, and all you
need is a pencil or a stick poke a hole
down into the propagating mix insert the
cutting and firm in back around them.  At
this stage you could use a rooting
hormone which will perhaps improve the
strike rate,  you can also use honey if
you don't like to use the chemicals, and
this is also said to improve the strike
rate.  In our case we're not using those
this time.  Once the cuttings are in you
need to miss them with a light spray so
that they stay nice and moist and then
they're ready for you to put them away
in a warm position until they start to show
signs of good growth.  This is usually
about four to six weeks.  Once they do you
can take them out of that warm position
and put them out into a sheltered spot
in the garden.  At this stage you can
start to water them with a liquid
seaweed fertilizer and after another
four or five weeks you should find that
they're ready to plant out into the
garden, or to plant out into larger pots
or containers, whichever you like.
In cooler climates, the cuttings are
going to be better off in a hothouse, or
if you haven't got a hothouse some sort
of propagation box, but if you don't have
either of those you can simply use a
plastic bottle to place over the top of
the cuttings you can mist spray through
the top of the bottle, and you'll find
that this keeps the cuttings warmer and
also increases the humidity which will
therefore reduce transpiration and
encourage a better strike rate.  So that's
it for propagating lavender from
cuttings, for more information visit the
website
and for regular updates on all aspects
of gardening subscribe to the YouTube
channel and as always good luck with
your gardening.