Hi thanks for choosing Quartz Renew™.
For those of you watching today that may
have purchased the product 
already thanks again. The product I hope will
do a great job for you and today we're
going to talk about how this will be
incorporated in your repair so you're
successful. First I wanted to take a
moment to talk about Quartz Renew™ and how
it's introduced into a repair. I will be
doing some diamond polishing today and
I'll show you in a minute how, where
we're starting with damage to a top it
could be a typical repair on the
countertop and I will quickly go
through the diamond polishing steps
really to show you where you need to end
up before you incorporate the Quartz
Renew™ into your repair. Quartz Renew™ will
not remove scratches by itself. It will
not remove severe chemical damage,
cracking, anything like that. All
your major damage will have to be
removed prior to this with diamond
polishing. So as a result of diamond
polishing what happens with quartz
countertops as you remove the snakeskin
appearance which is common on any quartz
product so a successful repair with
diamond polishing will look great and as
far as sheen goes but when caught in the
light angle will not blend in with the
rest of the top so it's really a wasted
effort in the end even though you've removed the
damage 
that was there. So Quartz Renew™ was
designed to come in at that point after
you successfully polished the damage
away with the diamond pads and then
comes and incorporate the snakeskin back
into the product and removes any
residual hazing out of the area and
blends in the repair to ultimately save
thousands of dollars in replacement. So
we're going to first start I'll show you
all the products that I'm using today. We
really designed this with Regent Stone
products to incorporate everything that
you would need from the diamond pads all
the way through the Quartz Renew and so
you have a one-stop shop and know that
you can take care of pretty much any
damage that's to a quartz top as for
our face polishing goes.  Okay so I'm going
to show you all the products we'll use
from start to finish
starting with diamond polishing to
remove the damage and going through
those steps and finishing up with the
Quartz Renew™ to blend in the repair.
Okay so we've worked with Regent to give
you an exclusive offering of products
aside from theQuartz Renew™ that will
help you be successful in your repairs
because diamond polishing and your
ability to face polish really has
impact on the final results of how
Quartz Renew™ will work for you. We
thought it was important to to go the
full length of what's involved with a
quartz repair.
Okay so quickly we're starting with
Sorma pads and we have two types of
diamond pads that we will use and
depending on the situation that we're in
will depend on the type of pad we use.
Sorma pads are it's a great new product
for Regents. They're designed as dry pads.
We will use the some of the steps
slightly wet which you can use and we'll
finish up with the last step is dry and
go over that a little more later. This would
be a great product to use for the type
of repair that we're doing today where
it's you know shallow scratching and
we're not really hogging out a lot of
material and then they're also the
Pulsar pads which are offered through
Regent which are traditional resin pads
with a high diamond content and really a
lot of pads out there some claim only
for gradient, some claim only for
engineered stone, I really just want to
pad that as a high diamond content and
you know so we've played around with a
lot of pads and Pulsars definitely do
the trick.
These type of pads will be used for
those repairs that have to be that
require a lot of material removal okay.
For example a seam with a height
variance where you really have to do
some grinding in the case of the Sorma
pads you would you would really wear the
pads down quickly. So we have the resin
pads to do that type of polishing but
for a backer pad we're using a 5 inch
backer pad and we use 4 inch pads
resin pads and Sorma pads, You can use 5
inch pads. I prefer to use a smaller pad
than my backer pad in the case of quartz
it it helps eliminate or cuts down on
the possibility of dipping which would
be if you tilted your polisher slightly
the edge of the pad which tends to curl
up naturally would dip into the top a
lot easier with the same sized backer
pad
so that's why we use the oversize backer.
As far as our polisher goes also from
Regent we have the Metabo PE 12 175 it's
a great machine. You know as most
polishers go they're typically designed
for edge polishing and not very friendly
when it comes to the balance weight
they're very back heavy. I like this
machine number one it has an overload
protection, it is double geared so it can
handle the larger buffing pads and I
love this handle in the front which
gives me some good balance control when
I'm faced polishing. Ok moving to the
pads when we move start using the Quartz Renew™ we go to a 7 inch backer pad and
each individual step there are 3 steps
involved with Quartz Renew™. First step
would be wool. Second would be a green
cutting pad and the third is a white
finishing pad. And finally we have the
Quartz Renew™ comes in kits of three
bottles set up as a three step process
for the typical repair which would be
what we're doing today where we
we're polishing
out or even grinding out damage and then
bringing it back up to like a glass-like
finish with the diamond pads. Then we
would pretty much use all three steps
but as I'll show you later we can use
these individually for different
purposes as well so it's not always a
one-two-three process. Sometimes it'll
come down to your assessment of the
situation and what it needs. So that's
for that reason that's why we kind of
put the numbers in parenthesis but
really wanted to highlight the red and in
the red there what each step is
intended to do. So if you're assessing a
situation and
you really don't see damage to the
Quartz,  but you do see some resin hazing,
minor abrasions to that, then the Resin
Polish would be might be the starting
point for you. Okay so we'll go more in
depth later but this is the kit as it
comes and so the first step is the
Snake Skin  Revealer. This is an aggressive
product. This will literally change your
glass-like finish back to a snake skin
finish in merely seconds. This is not a
Polish, it's not, it will not really
change your sheen, it will just change
your texture. The second step is the
Resin Polish and this really goes after
the resin like I said if it's a
braided does removes you know subtle
hazing but again it's not going to
remove severe scratching anything like
that, but does do quite a nice job and
blending out any residual hazing that's
left over from your diamond polishing,
and the final polishing is really a
blender. It also will remove very
subtle hazing but is primarily the last
step you would do to blend out of repair
into an area.