Today I am here with Bhaktapur's special JUJUDHAU.
Many years ago, in the Malla Dynasty there was a yogurt taste competition
The kings family liked Bhaktapur's Yogurt. So, it is named after king as JUJUDHAU.
Juju means KING and dhau means YOGURT.
So lets start to make it with the ingredients at first
At first we need Buffalo milk.
Cardamom powder (sukmel ko dhulo)
Sugar
2 Tablespoon normal yogurt
I have this kind of small clay bowl.
I have also a bigger clay bowl. Normally JUJU dhau is made in a clay bowl, so I am also doing the same
Now turn the heat on and take a thick pan.
Add milk in the pan
I have used 2 liters of buffalo milk
After milk starts to heat up, we need to stir it.
You can use a cup, big spoon or anything like that to stir the milk
We need to reduce the milk quantity from 2 liters to 1 liter
Cooking this way makes milk thicker.
Important thing in making JUJU DHAU is to make the milk thicker
In order not to burn the milk at the bottom, we need to continiously stir and mix the milk
In this boiling process, the quantity is reduced
After the milk is reduced to half quantity, I am adding sugar to it.
In the same way, cardamom powder
After adding sugar and cardamom powder, we need to stir and boil it.
Now, the milk is thick.
In this way, after boiling it for 2-3 more minutes, it is ready to make JUJU DHAU
Now, we need to add it in the clay bowl
There is a importance of using clay bowl for this KING OF YOGURT.
Using clay bowl helps to absorb the excess water and makes yogurt thicker.
In this way, fill all the bowl with the milk.
Now, let it rest as it is for some minutes to cool it down.
It might take 20 minutes to cool down.
Milk should be approx 45° celcius when we add yogurt to it.
In order to set JUJU DHAU, we are adding this normal yogurt to it. It should be in the room temperature.
After adding yogurt to it, stir it nicely.
Now we need to close it. I am using aluminium foil.
In order to set JUJU DHAU, it needs to be placed in a warm place.
I am using Quilt (sirak)
I have folded the quilt to make it more warm.
I am placing a cutting board in between.
It helps to stabilize.
Now place the bowl one by one on top cutting board.
After placing all the bowls there, we need to close it to provide warmth inside.
I am using extra blanket to make it more warm.
If you live in a colder place, you might have to let it rest for more time.
I am taking it out after 8 hours.
Wow !!! Look at that. How beautifully it is set.
It doesn't even fall while turning upside down.
Please make sure to make this KING of YOGURT and enjoy with your friends and family.