Hey guys, Kevin from Coop Home Goods. Just want to thank you guys for purchasing
our pillow.
What we're going to do is go over some
instructions on what to do when you
first receive it and also some tips and
tricks on how to adjust it so you get
the most out of it.
Now when you get your pillow, it's going
to be vacuum-sealed and we do this
just to save on shipping costs and to
reduce box sizing.
When you open it
grab a pair of scissors and just be
careful that when you cut this plastic,
you're not actually cutting the
fabric.
So, just put a little small hole
you can tear the outer cover off
now you'll notice that the pillow is
very flat and small
what we're going to do is open up this
inner vacuum-sealed bag and remove the actual pillow.
Now, two ways to do this, if
you have a dryer at home,
you can throw this in the dryer on low for
about 10 minutes and it's going to poof
up to a brand-new pillow.
I'll show you
what it should look like.
As you can see right here.
Now, if you don't have a dryer, you can manually do
this and it's not hard.
What you're going to do is just grab
some of the foam inside and start
pulling it apart.
It's going to just separate the foam
because it's been just vacuum sealed and
stored for a while.
Some people might notice that there's a
slight smell to it and what that is is
just the smell of memory foam.
However, there's nothing dangerous about
it. All our foam is CertiPUR-US
certified so you have nothing to worry
about.
Now, as you can see, the pillow has regained
its loft.
Out of the box,
the pillow has a lot of loft and we've
done that on purpose.
Every person is different we got people
have really big frames, petite frames,
different weights,
length and shape of our head... Everyone is
so different and that's why we designed
this pillow so that you can perfectly
adjust it to your perfect body.
Now, we start off with a lot of loft
because you want to make sure that the
biggest size person is going to be happy
with this pillow, and so you know what,
when you first take it and fluff it up, if it feels comfortable,
go ahead and use it.
If it doesn't, I'm going to show
you guys how to remove some of the loft to make it more comfortable right now.
As you can see, there's two zippers right here
you can open it up and you're going to
open up the inner zipper.
And as you can see, you have access to
the foam.
What you're going to do is pull
some of it out
I suggest you guys keep it stored in a
ziploc bag or somewhere safe because who
knows, maybe later on you're going to
want just a more firm pillow, more loft,
or you're going to give this pillow to someone else that has a
different frame than you.
Now, as you can see I'm taking out a lot
of foam and you're gonna need to take a
decent amount out and you're going to
have to do some testing because everyone
is different and I'm gonna show you what
works for me, but everyone is going to
find their little sweet zone as an
experiment.
Now I'm going to zip this back up.
Now, we're going to just re-fluff it up to
redistribute the evenness of the foam
and now we've got something good to work
with.
So, depending if you're a back sleeper or
a stomach sleeper or a side sleeper
you need different loss so for a stomach
sleeper, you tend to want something
really low so it doesn't really stress
out your back when you're sleeping on
your stomach.
A back sleeper, you want something low
to medium, and a side sleeper, you want
something medium to high.
Now, the cool thing with this pillow is
you can kind of shape it.
The shredded property of it kind of allows
you to create indentations and add
support in certain areas to really just
custom fit your head.
So, I'm going to show you one example of
how you can do this.
So, what I'm going to do is going to kind
of create a area for your head to kind
of sink in.
So, you're going to kind of just grab the
foam and kind of need it to the sides.
Now, I'm leaving this section because
this is where the neck is going to be, but
over here
I'm just kind of pushing it around
and creating a little indent while leaving this.
So, this will support your neck and now
you have a lower area to support your
head and you can adjust how much foam
stays there,
if you want more, you just, you know, you
put some more back and you just kind of
experiment, but now as you can see
there's a nice indent right here for
your head yet at the same time on this
side,
there's still support for your neck.
So, you can shape this however way you want
and all you gotta do is kind of just fluff it
back up,
and now you've got a new canvas to work with.
I'm going to show you something cool
because I'm actually a side sleeper /
back sleeper.
I like to actually zone out two different
areas of my pillow.
So what I'm going to do is, I'm going to
have this side lower for when I'm
sleeping on my back and then during the
night when I roll over to my side,
this side is going to have more support and be higher so that I'm always having the
proper support supporting spinal
alignment. And to do that, I'm going to
knead the foam to the bottom section...
So half the pillow is going to have a
greater support and is going to have
higher loft and already you can see this
top section is a lot thinner and this
bottom section is a lot thicker, so kind
of using my arm to show the division,
this will be my side sleeping side and
this will be my back sleeping side.
So, literally I'm sleeping on my back and
during the night, I roll over onto this side
and I'll have a lot more support. So as
you can see, I'm pushing down with the
same force.
So that's just another example
of how you can zone out the pillow.
Everyone is different. I really encourage
you guys to just really experiment, make
the perfect fit for you guys and if you
guys have some cool ideas, let us know.
If this pillow does not have
enough fill, we actually do sell extra
fill, which we don't think most people
will need, but if you really want a
really super filled pillow,
you can buy more foam on our website.
If you have any questions, let us know and thanks for watching.