Hi guys!
It’s Cath and today I have another IKEA
inspired miniature tutorial for you.
We’re going to make this really modern and
clean looking Micke desk.
This is a really fun project that only requires
just a few simple supplies.
Let’s get started.
The main material I’m using for this project
is craft plywood.
This is an eight of an inch thick and easy
to cut with just my craft knife.
Draw a 4.5 inch by 1.75 inch rectangle and cut that out.
The easiest way to break this plywood is to
cut it with your craft knife on both sides
and use some force to snap it.
This piece will be the top of the desk.
Use the same technique to cut out a 2.5 by
1.75 rectangle, a small 1 by 1.75inch rectangle,
1.5 by 4.25 inch rectangle and lastly, a 1
by 4.25 inch thin rectangle
for the back of the desk.
I take the top of the desk and add a line
of glue to each of the shorter sides.
Position the 2.5 by 1.75 rectangle to one
side.
And then add the small 1inch by 1.75 inch rectangle to the other side.
As you can see, the bigger rectangle acts
as the desk legs on one side.
The shorter side will be a little more interesting.
But first, let’s finish assembling the rest
of these pieces.
Take the thin 1 by 4.25 inch piece and add
glue to the edges of 3 sides.
Position it under the top of the desk between
the 2 pieces we just glued on.
Then just grab that last 1.5 by 4.25 piece
and slide it into place half an inch under
the top of the desk.
This creates the compartment where we will
slide in the drawers.
But first, let’s finish the legs.
I’ll be using some craft matchsticks because
they’re like super tiny square dowels.
Cut out two 1.6 inch pieces and one 1.5 inch
piece.
Flip the desk over and add a drop of glue
to each corner of the shorter side.
Add a 1.6 inch piece to each side.
Then grab that last piece of matchstick
and glue it between the bottoms of the matchstick legs.
Crazy how that one piece makes the whole desk look modern.
Okay, now I need to add a divider in this
drawer section because we’ll be putting
in 2 drawers.
I cut out a 1.75 by 0.5 inch strip and slide
it into the middle of that compartment.
Now we can make the actual drawers.
Cut out two 2 inch by 1.5 inch rectangles.
These will be the bottoms of the drawers.
Make sure they fit into the compartments snugly.
For the drawer sides, I grab a bunch of coffee
stirrers.
These are a quarter of an inch thick.
To add some strength, I double them up.
Just add wood glue between 2 strips and clamp
them down until it dries.
Once they’re dry, line them up against the
drawer bottom and mark the lengths you need.
Do this for 3 sides.
Cut them out.
For reference, it’s one 2 inch piece and
two 1.5 inch pieces.
Glue them onto the drawer bottom with some
wood glue.
We’re just adding them to the sides and
back so the front will be open for now.
If there’s any unevenness, sand it down,
You want it to be flush so the drawer front
goes on nicely.
Do that to the other drawer bottom too.
Here I’m sliding these pieces into the drawer compartment.
They fit perfectly.
For the drawer fronts, I cut out a 0.6 inch
thick strip of wood.
Line it up against the desk and mark the lengths
you need.
Cut them out.
For reference, these are 2 inches long.
Add some glue to the drawer and position the
drawer front onto it.
Once the glue dries, you can pull the drawer
out and look- it’s finished!
Doing it this way inside the desk ensures that everything looks flush.
Alright, let’s paint this bad boy.
I’m using titanium white acrylic paint.
Obviously, you can choose any color you like.
About 2 coats should do the trick.
I add paint basically everywhere including
the insides of the drawers.
Then add on a few coats of polyacrylic varnish
for a glossy look.
I add gloss everywhere except on the inside
of the drawer compartment and on the outside
of the drawers.
That’s just to make sure the drawers don’t
get stuck inside the desk.
That’s it guys!
The Micke desk is all done.
Super clean look that’s perfect for any
modern dollhouse.
I have another video coming up showing you
how to make some desk accessories so be on
the lookout for that!
I hope you liked this video!
Give it a thumbs up if you did and make sure
to subscribe for more.
I have 2 new videos every single week.
See you next time, bye!