I'm Carissa with BELLA+CANVAS and we're here
at Apliiq in downtown LA to connect
with Ian and Ethan to discuss people
taking their custom apparel projects to
the highest levels of quality using
woven labels. So you might be asking
yourself what is a woven label? I've
never heard that term before. It's
basically a little label that's created.
A lot of times it's sewn into the neck
of existing base garments and not only
can they carry information about the
manufacturer the product and be in the
neck. They also are really great for
product branding. And one of the primary
ways that we use woven labels at
applique is for product branding. So
should we check out some of the examples?
Yeah let's do it!
So one of the things we like about woven
labels is they're super super versatile
meaning that you have your brand mark
and it's consistent. But there's a ton of
different places that you can sew your
woven label into different garments. And
in different garments there's different
options of where to place the label. So
what do you got there Ethan? This is a
neck tag so in this case we actually
ripped the bella canvas tag out which is
one of the things we love about Bella
Canvas products that their tags are
tearaway. And we applied a woven label
to the inside neck of this hoodie.
It's a crop hoodie and it's just kind of a
simple way to when you're checking out
what's the brand? You can do put your art
anywhere on the garment and it doesn't
have to be your logo that logo can just
stand alone right here in the neck. So
that's a very classic traditional way of
approaching woven label branding. So
t-shirts and tank tops one of the
standard options is on the lower hemline.
so here is a ladies slouchy tank
and we've just branded it with a nice
rectangular woven label here it's
completely sewn on there. It's flat can't
feel it from the back. Yeah so a couple
things to note about woven labels you
can make them in all different sizes
typically they're square rectangular.
And you can use different colors so
almost all logos will translate pretty
well into a woven label. And each will
the label is made entirely from thread
that's combined to create that logo. So
you think you know that there's a lot of
texture in there you know speak on that?
Yeah absolutely well I think one thing
that really makes it stand out is that
it is another layer of fabric on the
garment. So that alone speaks to quality
speaks to uniqueness. Draws your
attention in especially if it's a
contrasting color from the garment which
it inevitably will be. I mean we love
working with Bella+Canvas garments
simply because, you're very welcome
simply because they're supreme quality
so there's a ton of consistency there in
terms of the garment itself from you
know wat wat they also feature the all
the products of the Bella canvas
tearaway tag so it's really simple to
just go and remove a label and it's gone.
So a lot of people who are wanting to
really label a product it's not only
just sewing in your label it's also
removing the initial manufacturers label.
Another important thing with woven
labels is consistency across your
product offerings. So if you're designing
apparel for your company and you need
t-shirts and hoodies. A woven label you
can have the same consistent woven label
and both the t-shirt and the hoodie. They
could have different artwork they kind
of different branding but it's still
from the same source. And so the woven
label gives you that foundation that
bedrock that you can kind of build your
brand around. And as you're changing
styles or changing artwork the brand
remains consistent. So these placement
options that we've seen so far really
the neck label placement on the first
hoodie and then the bottom hem line. But
there's a ton of other label placement
options for woven labels. Yeah can we
check out a few? we've got this sweet sleeve
situation going on so that's definitely
an old-school option that we see a lot
of people wanting to put something on
the sleeve. A woven label is a great option there
there's also
folded label options which are great for
sleeves so this labels sewn in the top
but the label continues down onto the
bottom as well. We're famous for our
pocket T's as you may know you can see
the previous video we made. Yeah
absolutely and one of our favorite
placements for labels is the flag label.
This is one of our og label styles and
it's basically like a flag that just
hangs off the edge of a fabric we've
already sewn on. If you're starting a
clothing line
one other thing to keep in mind is that
labels provide a great resource for
trademark protection. When you're
applying for a trademark you need to
show your logo being used in commerce
and a woven label is an excellent
approach to taking your logo and using
it on a product. So I'm not a lawyer
but in my experience this has been a
great way to support and build your
brand by trademarking it. Did you bring
us a special present or what? I did bring
you this crop hoodie
which I think you'll look great in! You
bring us anything else I brought you
some bombers
sweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet!
awesome I know you guys
have been wanting these yes the infamous
Bella Canvas bomber the bomb bomber!
indeed so on these we found some really
cool placement this one's kind of over
the pocket. Simple like a hemline but
nice way to just tastefully keep it down
down low in terms of your logo. Yeah I
also have the option with the back neck
so outside of the neck branding. I love
both of these placements because it's
they're both really subtle. But it's
visible for everyone to actually see you brand.
Absolutely I love this bomber for anyone
that is wanting to start their own
custom brand can you tell us how they
start? Yeah so over at APLIIQ we
specialize in helping people get their
clothing line started or growing their
existing brands and make branded apparel.
And we have a subscription program for
$100 a year you have an artist that
works with you and takes your logo turns
it into a woven label. We'll make a
hundred of your labels and stock them.
And then any custom orders that you
place on the site whether you're getting
a BELLA t-shirt with a screen print or
a digital print or you're doing
embroidery we'll so you're woven label
directly onto those garments. So it's
basically your own private label
manufacturing service. And if you are
building a brand and investing in
quality and using high quality garments
like Bella canvas it makes sense for you
to also invest in higher quality levels
of embellishment. Obviously you've looked
at printing embroidery the basics but
it's nice to think about what are the
ways you can step up the quality of your
products without too much cost and still
get a really great premium garment. And
the brands program and woven labels
provide opportunity to do that.
And we'll make sure we include links for
you guys in the description below and
please subscribe we'll see you next time
alright let's bomb out of here.
Be Different.