What's up guys, today in the Detail Garage
we have this Scion FRS and we are going to
be showing you how to properly clean and maintain
your floor mats.
As you see here, these are Weather Tech rubberized
floor mats.
These awesome floor mats keep your car looking
its best but over the long winter and from
being daily abused it is stained and discolored.
So we are going to show you how to properly
remove all of that while also adding a protective
barrier that keeps it looking lustrous.
Over here we have Mat Renew and a really stiff
scrubbing brush to reach into the pores of
these rubberized floor mats and bring back
that natural look.
To get started, just spray Mat Renew onto
the surface.
We'll give this a moment to penetrate the
mat and in the meantime lets grab our drill
attachment.
This will save us on time and effort.
It attaches to any drill and these stiff bristles
help to really scrub stubborn stains.
You can also use this on regular floor
mats to remove stains, grease and other discolorations.
This is perfect for you guys that live in
an apartment where you don't have access to
running water.
It's been cold in a lot of the eastern states
so your floor mats have seen a lot of abuse
and this is the best way to keep them looking
there best for longer.
It enhances the overall longevity of these
rubberized mats so that you won't have to
replace these every few years.
We'll start by scrubbing it to remove the
embedded stains while reviving the finish.
So we have chosen to use a black microfiber
towel because this is going to pull off all
the spent product and debris making these
towels filthy.
So instead of having a towel that looks awful
we have a black towel so that you can't see
all that mess.
Also with any new towel, tear off the tag
so that you won't create a swirl or scuff
because these will scuff and that looks awful.
Folding the towel in to fours and wipe off
the mess from top to bottom.
You can rinse these off if you have access
to a hose.
Since there is not a lot of mess here we can
just wipe it off.
You can let it air dry.
It now has that dark factory finish while
being protected with a deep finish but it
isn't slippery like it would be if you had
dressed this.
Now this floor mat is looking really good.
So to recap we started off by vacuuming the
mats so that we aren't spreading dirt all
over the car.
Then using Mat Renew we sprayed directly onto
the surface and let it saturate the deep set
in stains.
Using a stiff bristle brush we scrubbed the
hard to reach areas.
Now we are going to move on to the rest of
the vehicle.
In the meantime you guys can head over to
website to check out these products for yourself.
Also we are running a poll, if you guys want
to see us do the rest of the interior on this
FRS be sure to click here and vote for yourselves.
We'll see you guys next time right here in
the Detail Garage.