Hello Guys
This is Vinay
Please comment down if you want 
Subtitles in your language
Lets Begin Maruti 800 Restoration
i will explain everything in detail in 5 Stages
Stage 1 
Stripping down the Stock car
Lifting car on Jacks to Strip down everything
this is how it looks before Restoration
We are going to install Race Seats, K&N  filter,
 Aluminium High Strength Sheets for interiors
the car has gone through 2 decades
it has faced different harsh weather
and this is what the nature has done to this car
Spare Wheel well
Side lining with dents
obviously it has faced harsh traffic conditions also
The car all jacked up in the workshop!!!
The engine dropped and suspension and steering components semi rebuilt!!
The F8B set for a rebuild!!!
The Gearbox opened up as 3rd just wouldn't stick, kept popping out whenever it felt like it!!!
The Suzuki Tokico disc brakes!! OVERHAUL!!!!
The insides... rusty...... 
of course, it has seen 20 monsoons.....!!!!!
Almost no insulation!!! T
hats ok, no engine now, that means no heat........!!!!
The fiberglass leafspring 
Gabriel shock absorber setup!!
Time to build Custom Race Seats
Test fitting the fiberglass bucket seats before upholstery on the inhouse design rails!
Checking the rear legroom, seats are adjustable laterally, fore and aft.
Don't worry about the headroom, 
the roof lining is sagging and there's plenty anyway!!
There's plenty of room under the seat......
what?...... Did someone say put a NOS can there???!!!!! Hahahahahah
Getting the contours.......
The under thigh support.....
The foam lining........
The art leather going on.......
here are some pics of the one that is done........
The under thigh support............
Comment down how seats are looking
Rebuilding Cars is a passion
they are non recliner
wait there is more to come...
they are Ready to go.... 
lets get the car done
Don't forget to Subscribe to my channel
Time for Paint job
first layer of primer
body detailing.......
Just getting the surfaces perfect................
The hood and doors sidelined!!!
More Cars in Lineup
Thats gonna be one sweet rear 
that'll fill up peoples windscreens!!!
Some primer to prevent rusting...... 
for the years to come....
The engine bay.............
Another layer of primer went 
after the last one was sanded down
when the car was being prepared for paint!
Rear Angle
The car getting prepped for the job!
The booth.....
The Paint!
The colour.....
Nissan 2003 Blue PM Effect B17, P6755 - DuPont
The gun......... DeVilbiss
Engine bay gets sprayed first......
The Doors get their fair share of blue too............
The front fenders are next in line.......
Then the entire car's coated........
Still in the base coat stage......
Again...the engine bay is the first to get the clear!!!!
The roof with exactly half laquered!! Note the difference!!
That's me doin some ogling.......!!!
The old surfaces would never reflect me ............ 
and now here we are!!!
The buffing of the car!!!
The car......the old wheels look damn sad
but keeping them was a very smart idea, in the whole process a set of alloys can easily get screwed!!
The rear bumper!!! aaargh!!!
One more shot from when it was getting buffed!!!!
Time to get Engine back in place
hows the music??
Comment down
The new driveshafts.......
K&N crankcase filter
Insert Headers here!!!!
Puttin the engine in again after fixing the gearbox!!!
The headers from a Suzuki Mightyboy in Oz land, custom made.......
for the 796cc F8B
Interiors
what you expect
this has never done before
this aluminum diamond checker sheet
as my door panels,
because the new door panels are of real sad quality 
and i like the look!!
You might have seen this in old buses
Rear Seats also gets Sporty look
This is how it looks
will match with my alloys
Alloys!!!
Yes i will get Alloys on it
Comment down 
What you think about this
Don't forget to Subscribe to my channel
But wait there is more things to do on Exterior
Like the video
it really motivates me
Lets quickly roll into the exterior
ok here we are
The old tint comes off........
The new Llumar tint goes on........
Those tires......... 
Falken Ziex ZE-512
on these wheels.......
Nissan Skyline GTR fan have them
Falken ZE-326 175/60 R13 77H shod on 
League J-007 13x5.5J
 
Lets Checkout Different Angles
Rear Glass got Tinted in Z-black
Lets Checkout Differnt Angles
Comment down if you want to see any other car rebuild .
I will try my best to get it.
if you like this video 
Please give thumbs up to the video
if you would like to read about it
the blog link is given in the description
thanks for watching
this is Vinay from InfoInsta
Hit Infoinsta Logo button on the Right
Don't forget to checkout my other Restoration Videos
Signing out....
Take care bubye
 
 