This video contains important
information for customers
who are experiencing filming on dishes and the inside of the dishwasher.
During the summer of 2010, all automatic
dishwashing detergents became phosphate-free
to comply with various state laws that
ban the use of phosphates.
Eliminating phosphates presented a major
challenge to detergent manufacturers.
Unfortunately, many of these phosphate
free detergents are not as effective
and many consumers are experiencing poor
wash performance as a result.
If your dishes and/or dishwasher show
filming or are white,
cloudy, or spotty you're likely
experiencing this issue.
Typically, this film is calcium
carbonate, which can easily be removed by
using the information provided in this
video.
In order to reduce the amount of filming
in the future, we recommend that you
switch to one of the highly-rated
detergents.
Tests by a leading consumer magazine has
shown that using a packet or tablet
detergent rather than powder,
liquid or gel may be more effective in
cleaning dishes and eliminating film.
If you're not using
one of these products,
try switching to one of them. You should
see an improvement in wash performance.
Remember to follow the instructions on the labeling when using
any detergent.
The packet or tablet must be placed in the
detergent cup
and the lid latched, just as with powder,
liquid or gel detergents.
If the packet or tablet is thrown into
the bottom of the dishwasher
the detergent will wash out quickly and
will be wasted and the dishes will not be cleaned.
Now that the issue of wash performance
has been addressed,
we will take a look at how to remove the
white film build-up on glassware
and on the dishwasher itself.
The calcium carbonate easily be removed
for the citric acid based rinse.
There are several commercially available
products that can be used to remove
white film from the dishwasher.
These are typically a liquid citric acid that is time-released throughout the dishwasher cycle.
Another product is Lemi Shine, which is
available from GE or your local grocery store.
Lemi Shine is a crystalline citric acid base
product that is labeled for removing
film from the dishwasher and from
glassware.
Follow the instructions on the label for
proper use.
Alternatively, you can use citric acid
crystals,
also available from GE to clean the
dishwasher and glassware.
Follow the instructions on the label for
proper use.
To use citric acid crystals, fill the
detergent
cap with the crystals and run a normal
dishwasher cycle
Running this cycle should remain the
white film from the dishwasher and glassware.
Several citric acid cycles can be run if
the film is not removed after just one wash.
Be sure not to load any pattern dishware or metal objects,
including silverware in the
dishwasher when performing a citric acid rinse.
As the citric acid may discolor patterns
or damaged silver finish.
Citric acid will not hurt the stainless steel tub.
All of the products previously discussed are available at your local grocery.
As mentioned, Lemi-Shine and citric acid crystals are also available from GE.
Lemi-Shine can be purchased by calling
1-800-626-2002
and asking for: WX10X10019
Citric acid can be purchased from GE by calling the same number and asking for: WD35X151
If you have additional questions please
call us at
1-800-GE-CARES
           (432-2737)