Is it bad to not eat breakfast while pregnant?
I know there is a temptation not to eat breakfast
when you’re pregnant, due to the morning
sickness.
After all, eating a meal only to throw it
up later makes it feel like a waste.
And eating a second meal seems redundant.
But I’ve heard that breakfast is the most
important meal of the day.
Compared to the other two meals and snacks?
Yes, not eating breakfast tends to lead to
heavier, less healthy meals in the day, but
it won’t make you sick or kill you to delay
eating.
Sometimes I cannot get breakfast to stay down
until lunch time.
Try drinking lemon water or lemonade.
It is not healthy to not drink for twelve
or eighteen hours, from when you go to bed
until noon, especially when you are pregnant.
When I try ginger ale, I end up smelling like
ginger because it comes back up.
You could talk to the doctor about medicines
to suppress the morning sickness if you cannot
eat the first hours you are up.
What else can I do to keep breakfast from
coming up?
Try something to control the acid, so you’re
less likely to throw up.
I thought medicine like that was bad for the
baby.
Dehydration and malnutrition are way worse.
Taking something ends up making it even harder
to poop, and I already have trouble with that
end.
It sounds like you are already really dehydrated,
then.
You should try drinking water, at least, to
stay hydrated whether you have breakfast or
not, and make it a flat 7-up if you need the
sugar plus liquids.
I’d say flat tastes bad, but it cannot taste
worse than the vitamins I’m taking.
Some women find that the iron in their prenatal
vitamins or iron supplements the doctor gives
them upset their stomach.
So what do I do?
The doctor says I have to take them.
Try waiting until evening to take it with
a full meal, so you do not throw up some light
crackers and 7-up you have for breakfast to
get hydrated without triggering a vomiting
session.
At least it won’t taste as bad as the other
stuff I’ve thrown up for breakfast.
Brush your teeth after you throw up, if you
do so first thing in the morning, so the food
won’t taste so bad.
Bile plus breakfast can make you feel even
more like throwing up.
Then I can only blame it on the baby’s father’s
cooking.