{Music}
G'Day there Scotty Boxa here and I am going to show you one of my all time favorite 
summer treats
which is
Vodka infused watermelon
basically you dont need much for this, all you really need is a bottle of your favourite vodka
a watermelon and a knife to cut a hole in it with
a spoon to scoop it out, somewhere to put the scoops, and a towel.
First up
basicly get the towel and wrap it around the base of the watermelon to keep it 
in the world on
from rolling everywhere.
You basically cut a hole in the top of the watermelon the size of the spoon or the neck of the bottle.
you cut that out
then you get your spoon
and scoop the
top out
and scoop a little bit of the insides out as well as some of the juices
Get your bottle of Vodka
basically
Roll your watermelon forward, so you don't spill to much. And put it in
and leave it up side down, now leave it like that 
for about four
six, twelve hours, sometimes over night will be best as long
as you get most of the vodka
into the watermelon, depending on the size of your watermelon and how juicy your watermelon is
will depend on how it absorbs into it
so we will let that sit, and we will come back later and see how its gone.
Its been about 12 hours since I put the bottle in, and its just about all of
it has been taken up
into the watermelon which is great, thats what we wanted. 
So now what we need to do is chill it in the fridge for a little while and chop it up.
Now that we have the chilled vodka infused watermelon, its time to cut it up and eat it.
So first we'll just cut it straight down the middle.
There may be alot of juices because it dose have extra in it (sit that half over here)
And we'll cut this in half again
Its very juicy 
Now don't forget these juicy's
are not just watermelon juices. 
Now time for the taste test
it is good
really good
Now don't forget to keep this away from the kids, because we don't really want them running around drunk.
And please drink responsibly 
mmm really good.
If you like this video dont forget to click the like button, subscribe to our youtube channel or visit our website
www.drinklab.org
for thousands and thousands of
more cocktail recipes
and dont for get you can follow me at twitter @scottyboxa or watch our previous video
somewhere here on screen, give it a click
while I eat this.
Click, what are you waiting for click the other video