Stephanie Manley: Hi everyone.
This is Stephanie Manley with CopyKat.com.
Today we are revisiting the Melting Pot.
I just love that restaurant.
It's a fondue restaurant where every course
is a fondue and today we're starting out with
one of their starter courses.
We're doing their traditional cheese fondue.
So let me tell you what we have in here.
Now, we're using a wine.
We're using an inexpensive chardonnay wine.
You need to use a dry wine for this.
And again, it really doesn't matter which
brand, just don't spend too much money on
it.
You do want to make sure that the wine is
drinkable, but it doesn't need to be fabulous
because we're putting so many other things
in there.
We need about a half pound of Emmentaler cheese.
We also need about a half pound of Swiss or
like Jarlsberg cheese.
We need a little bit of lemon juice.
We need some flour and we also need some garlic.
All right, the first thing we want to do is
go ahead and we want to chop up a couple of
garlic cloves because this is what's really
going to give our fondue some nice flavor.
You can be more generous with the garlic if
you like.
As an individual choice there, I like just
a couple of cloves in there.
One thing I love about fondue is that it comes
together very, very quickly.
Now, if you don't have a fondue pot, you can
use a double boiler so that'll work really
well.
So, we're going to go ahead and turn on our
fondue pot to about a medium heat.
We're going to start by adding in four ounces
of wine and our garlic.
And while this is heating up together, I'm
going to go ahead and grate the cheese.
I'm actually going to grate the cheese into
a bowl because we're going to toss a little
bit of flour with it.
That's going to help bind the sauce together.
So now we're going to go ahead and sprinkle
in the flour.
So, I've sprinkled in the flour and we're
just going to toss the cheese and the flour
together.
Next, we're going to go ahead and add in our
lemon juice.
You need about a quarter cup of lemon juice
in here.
I'm going to go ahead and add in mine now.
We're going to start by adding in about one-third
of the cheese.
When it gets nice and melted we'll add in
some more cheese.
Okay, so we're going to go ahead and add in
some more cheese.
These gets nice and melted add in another
handful.
So at this point, some people would add in
a couple tablespoons of Kirschwasser which
is a cherry type of liqueur.
We're not going to add that in today, but
you are definitely welcome to add that in.
Once your cheese gets nice and melted like
this, we are ready to enjoy cheese fondue.
So you can serve your cheese fondue with breads
right here, just like this.
You could also use baby cut carrots, broccoli,
just about anything you'd like.
But as you can see it's really easy to put
together, cheese fondue, just like the Melting
Pot.
If you enjoyed this video, please be sure
to give it a big thumbs up here on YouTube
and subscribe so you can see what's cooking
next.
Thanks for watching.