This recipe is an idea for using that
Holiday leftover turkey. I'm Tess and in
this video recipe I'll show you how to
make an easy and comforting turkey and biscuits.  (intro music)
What do you do with all that
leftover turkey? Well, this is an easy and
comforting turkey and biscuits meal. Just
a reminder that you'll be able to find
this recipe, the list of ingredients and
much more in the show more section below.
I've included links to where you can
purchase online some of the ingredients
and equipment that I use in this video
recipe. If you have a chance please check
it out.
I'm starting this meal on the stove and
it will finish cooking in the oven so
I'm using my cast iron pan. On medium
heat I'm melting some butter and adding
in some chopped onions. Letting them cook
for about 3 to 5 minutes until the
onions sweat down and then adding in
some salt, black pepper and poultry
seasoning. Cooking and stirring for about
30 seconds and then adding in some flour.
I'm making a roux and this will help
thicken the sauce. Just cooking and
stirring for a minute. Adding in some of
my homemade turkey broth and you can
check out my turkey gravy video recipe
to see how I made the broth. I will leave
a link here and in the show more section below.
Increasing my heat slightly to a
medium-high to bring to a boil.
Cooking and stirring and you will start to see
the sauce thicken.
Now I'm adding in some milk. Cooking and
stirring until it comes to a simmer.
Adding in some chopped parsley, chives
and a bag of frozen mixed vegetables.
I also have some cooked vegetables left
over from our turkey dinner so that is
going into the pot. If you happen to have
some leftover gravy that would be good
in here as well.
I have my oven preheating to 375 degrees
Fahrenheit. I'm turning off my stove heat.
I'm adding in some sour cream and the
shredded turkey. Giving that a good stir
to get all mixed together. I'm using one
can of Pillsbury homestyle biscuits.
You can use the brand of your choice. Just
placing the biscuits on top of my turkey
mixture and basting with a little melted
butter. This is going in the oven
uncovered for 18 to 22 minutes or until
the biscuits are golden brown. The turkey
mixture is already cooked so we are
just baking the biscuits until done.
It's been 20 minutes and it's time to
eat! This is an easy and great meal to
use those Holiday leftovers. You can use
leftover meat, vegetables and gravy.
You can have this delicious turkey and
biscuits ready in about 45 minutes and
it's definitely budget-friendly. I hope
you give this turkey and biscuits a try...
and enjoy!
If you like this turkey and biscuits
recipe please hit the LIKE and SUBSCRIBE button.
Remember to hit the 'BELL" next to
the SUBSCRIBE to make sure that you get
my future video recipes. You can also
find me on Facebook and on my website.
Feel free to SHARE this recipe and my
channel with your friends and family.
And until next time... Much Love!
 