Alyssia: Hello friends we are here today to
make my four-ingredient, no bake ice cream
sandwiches, and here to help me it’s
Olivia: Olivia from Love Health Fitness Week.
What are you doing in my kitchen?
Alyssia: I don’t know, I found myself in
LA again and we thought we have to meet up
to make some yummy dessert, so after you check
out these ice cream sandwiches, head to her
channel
Olivia: Because we’re making five ingredient
chocolate chip cookie fudge.
Alyssia: Mmmm and I can tell you, it is delicious.
But first we’ve got these no bake ice cream
sandwiches only four ingredients.
They are raw, vegan, gluten free, dairy free,
soy free, refined sugar free, yeah.
Everything you could want in a delicious dessert.
Olivia: So this is going to be a super fun
healthy dessert collaboration.
Alyssia: Guilt free.
Also, they are very easy to make.
Olivia: Let’s get started.
Alyssia: First thing you are going to do is
into the processor, add your dates.
Now these dates if they are soft and fresh,
like they can get here in California, you
probably don’t need to soak them, but when
I am back home in Florida and I have to buy
them packaged, I usually soak them to get
them nice and soft so they blend up really
easily in the processor, but make sure they
are pitted.
Next up, your raw almonds and the final ingredient
for the cookie…
Olivia: Cacao powder and the difference between
cacao powder and cocoa powder is that, cacao
powder is not as processed.
Cocoa is basically where they heat it up and
then it turns into cocoa.
Cacao powder is just unprocessed, not heated,
so it has much more nutritional value, has
more anti-oxidants.
Alyssia: If you want a true raw dessert, you
got to go cacao, but if you are just like
I want a delicious vegan dessert and I am
okay if there is regular cocoa in it, then
go for it.
Regular cocoa powder is perfectly fine.
Olivia: Both are tasty.
Alyssia: So they are in the processor we are
just going to blend them up.
A regular blender will work but I find that
a heavy duty blender does the trick just a
little bit better.
So you are going to want to let that go for
a few minutes until you get a ball shape of
dough.
To get the shape of our ice cream sandwiches,
we are going to use a loaf pan, I like to
use the ones that are just smaller than standard
size, I think they are eight by four, but
any size will work.
And we are going to line that with parchment
paper so that it pops out easily at the end.
Once we have our cookie dough, you can go
ahead and break that in half.
You are going to put half into the bottom
of the loaf pan and press it in just like
Olivia is doing so beautifully, and you are
going to save the other half for later.
Now these are going to be very rustic ice
cream sandwiches, they don’t need to be
perfect, so don’t worry if everything isn’t
completely level, they are going to taste
delicious just the same.
Olivia: So before we start making our ice
cream, we are going to go ahead and pop this
in the fridge, it just helps when everything
starts hardening a little bit so that we can
make them in layers and it doesn’t get all
mushy and crazy look.
Alyssia: it’s going to be delicious.
Olivia: So if you want to change up the flavor
a little bit, you are more than welcome to
add some vanilla.
If you want to keep it raw vegan, you can
use vanilla bean and just you know give it
a little bit more flavor, this is just the
basic ice cream sandwich which still tastes
really good but if you do want to add a little
more, you can definitely do that.
Alyssia: A pinch of salt is also nice.
So for our ice cream we only need one ingredient
and that’s bananas.
So I have made a two ingredient ice cream
video before that you can check out and it
shows you a lot of different flavor options,
but today I just wanted it to be easy, I’m
going with one ingredient, banana ice cream.
Olivia: So with this ice cream sandwich recipe
you definitely want your bananas to be fully
ripe, so when they are spotted and brown this
is actually when they’re ripe.
You don’t want to eat bananas when they
are green or just yellow because they haven’t
sweetened up yet, and depending on how ripe
your bananas are, are going to determine how
sweet this ice cream sandwich is going to
turn out to be.
Alyssia: That’s correct.
So when they are yellow, there’s a lot of
starch still in those bananas and when they
are brown, it means the starch has converted
into the sugars and that’s when we really
want to eat it.
Olivia: Just like this.
Alyssia: Just like this.
It could even be another day, so when you
have like the bananas that you think are going
bad, they are perfect for ice cream.
Olivia: And if you don’t particularly feel
like just having banana ice cream, you can
definitely add other fruits into it such as
strawberries, blue berries, more dates if
you like
Alyssia: Peanut butter?
Olivia: Yes, cinnamon, so anything that you
really like, make it your flavored ice cream
sandwich.
Alyssia: And those add in’s make it your
flavored ice cream sandwich.
Olivia: You can make it Neapolitan.
Alyssia: Mmmm, that would be ambitious
Olivia: Speaking of ice cream, I want you
guys to comment below and let us know what
your favorite ice cream flavor is.
Alyssia: Mine’s banana.
Olivia: Thumbs up for bananas.
Alyssia: You want to make sure that those
bananas are chopped up and frozen before you
put them in the processor and you want to
thaw them out for a few minutes so that they
blend up really nicely.
If they are too hard, your processor will
run a little bit crazy.
Olivia: And we don’t want that
Alyssia: No.
Once you’ve got your creamy ice cream flavor
of choice, you can go ahead and pour that
onto the bottom layer sandwich cookie.
Olivia: And then what you want to do is stick
it back into the freezer so that everything
can just freeze up a little bit, therefore
when you put the top layer cookie on, it doesn’t
just mush and fall apart.
Alyssia: So your banana ice cream layer has
frozen, it should only take an hour or two
depending on how cold your freezer is.
You are going to just press that other half
of the cookie dough onto the top, I’m making
sure to cover everything but again it doesn’t
need to be perfect.
Back into the freezer it goes, just one more
time for a quick 20 to 30 minutes so it all
freezes up nicely.
Once the sandwiches are out of the freezer,
you can remove that parchment paper, it should
come our really easily, to pull the whole
block of ice cream sandwiches out.
Peel off the parchment and cut your large
block of ice cream sandwich into whatever
size bar you would like and just admire those
beautiful layers.
Olivia: Just make sure you do it carefully.
So here comes my favorite part, the taste
test.
Olivia & Alyssia: Cheers!
Alyssia: Look at those layers.
The cookie is so gooey and yummy and like
one of my favorite things about an original
ice cream sandwich cookie is when the cookie
part sticks to your fingers and that’s what
I feel like is going to happen here.
Thank you guys so much for watching and making
these ice cream sandwiches with us, now you
have got to go over to Olivia’s channel
Love Health Fitness and check out her…
Olivia: Five ingredient chocolate chip cookie
fudge and they are completely raw vegan, super
easy just like this recipe.
So go check out more of us on my channel.
Alyssia: And eat the food
Olivia: Yes.
Alyssia: And as always, there is a PDF download
available in the description box below so
you can have this recipe and keep it for later,
and as always it’s on mindovermuch.com.
And remember
Olivia: It’s all a matter of Mind Over Munch,
bye.
Alyssia: That’s fine, that’s good, we
are going for that look.
Alright.
So that they blend up really well, oops…
So it all becomes nice and what am I trying
to say, frozen, okay.
Back into the freezer it goes for just about
20 to 30 minutes to freeze up thoroughly,
so it becomes...so it all freezes up nicely.
Got it!