We’re Adam and Joanne from inspiredtaste.net
and welcome to our kitchen.
Today we are making chocolate chip cookies.
One of my favorites cookies on the site.
They are crispy around the edges and chewy
in the middle.
The best part is that this recipe makes a
lot of cookie dough.
So you can make a whole batch and then freeze
enough for another day.
That means you can have on demand cookies.
On demand cookies at any time!
So good.
Let’s go make them.
Let’s make some cookies!
We’re using our stand mixer, but a hand
mixer will work just as well.
For the dry ingredients, you will need all-purpose
flour, baking soda and salt.
Just add them all to a bowl and whisk until
blended.
Don’t forget the full recipe is on the blog.
Set that aside then add room temperature butter,
granulated sugar, brown sugar 
and vanilla extract to the bowl of your mixer.
Turn on to medium speed and beat until the
mixture looks lighter and fluffy.
Scrape the sides of the bowl at least once
to make sure everything is being mixed.
Now add the eggs.
Turn the mixer onto low speed and beat for
about 30 seconds.
It’s okay if the eggs are not completely
mixed in.
Turn the mixer to the lowest speed then slowly
add the dry ingredients.
We like adding in thirds.
Scrape the bowl to make sure all of the flour
is mixed in.
Then with the mixer on low, sprinkle in some
chocolate chips — these are semi-sweet,
but dark chocolate, milk chocolate or a combination
would be excellent.
We’re ready to bake!
Drop 3-tablespoonful mounds onto a baking
sheet lined with parchment paper (you can
also use a non-stick baking mat).
We’re using our large cookie scoop, which
makes this go really quickly.
To make the cookies look extra chocolatey
press a couple extra chocolate chips on top.
Slide the cookies into the oven and bake until
golden brown around the edges.
Let the cookies cool on the baking sheet for
a few minutes then transfer to a cooling rack.
Don’t forget, you can make the batter and
freeze it for cookies another day.
We share our tips in the recipe on Inspired
Taste.
Enjoy!
Thanks for watching.
If you love this video we have lots more.
Make sure you subscribe to our YouTube channel
and say hi on Facebook, Twitter or Instagram.
We are @inspiredtaste