 
Beef-Fillet lean meat with little fine sinews of fat running through it just melts in your mouth like butter
This is very intense
Hot pan, olive oil
Seal
Mustard
Season
I could never pull this off like ever
Now, I'm going to take the water out of the mushrooms. Look how wet they are.
Beef center, and roll.
Oh my God.
That's wa- That's way too many steps already. I am lost.
Nice and tight and slice it about an inch thick
I am shocked.
Done
You guys know that I'm a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay like I watch all of his TV shows, his YouTube videos,
I'm like his number one fan, so I typed into Google "Gordon Ramsay's
Signature dish" and his signature dish you can go and look it up yourself is beef wellington
And this is basically a very expensive like piece of meat like this makes me feel like I'm gonna ruin
Something that's way too expensive to even be in my kitchen
I'm gonna fail at this everyone's gonna be very mean to me in the comments
I'm gonna get death threats for even attempting to make this
But I'm still gonna do it.
This is from gordonramsay.com
and this is the actual look of it
but I'm gonna say that I'm not going to attempt to make it look like that because
Not even Gordon Ramsay himself did that and that is a very long recipe
look at there's so many steps even if I didn't want to try hard for this video
I have to guys because I don't even want to tell you how much the beef fillet cost
I hate touching meat guys when this has to be done
Woooow.
I don't even want to touch it. I know most people would be so excited because this is so expensive
But I'm like, I don't want the responsibility. I don't want to touch the raw meat in general
Honestly it feels like I'm doing a medical procedure
If anyone else is triggered by raw meat, I mean there's all of us
Alright, so now I'm gonna add a lot of s-
No no no let's spread it a little bit
No forgetting about the other side, so now we're gonna top it up with some black pepper
Gordon Ramsay was very generous when he was making this so I'm gonna add a lot as well and hope that
It's not too much
Amount of tools that I've used to add a little bit of salt and pepper
It's kind of sad if anybody sends pictures of the final result to Gordon Ramsay on Twitter
I am going to block all of you because he actually follows me on Twitter
And I don't want to lose that we want the outside of the meat to get like crusty
Almost so it needs to cook really quickly. This is what the recipe says I am no expert.
Should I do it? I'm kind of nervous
Okay, I'm gonna do it. It's supposed to cook 30 seconds on each side.
That is a huge piece of meat. Wow.
Ah!
I think we need to flip this
So I'm gonna transfer this.
It's still raw on the inside, but I think it's supposed to look like that
Looking good, I think.
I just realized that the steak in the video looks a lot darker on the outside than mine does,
so I feel like we might need to give this another try. Now it's looking a lot more like it
It's a little crusty on the sides
But still like raw in the center if you can see so I think this is what it was supposed to look like originally.
I actually managed to find the exact same English mustard that Gordon Ramsay was using in the video
so this is a very accurate.
I didn't really check how much mustard was needed because I feel like this is more of a, "it depends on the size of the meat"
So this is what it looks like at this point so-
*phone rings*
Terrible timing.
My meat is bigger than the one Gordon Ramsay was using so I decided to get some extra mushrooms just in case.
I just washed the mushrooms,
so I'm gonna remove any excess water because I think water is something that you don't want for this part in the video
I mean, this part is pretty easy. We're just gonna roughly chop them into smaller pieces. It doesn't really matter. How you do it.
I was on Amazon looking for a blender and I saw this blender, and I thought it looked really cool like it's very like minimalistic
It's got a triangle on top very illuminati
I love everything about it so I tried to plug it to the wall to see how fast the blades go and then I realized
This thing doesn't plug to a wall you're supposed to use manual labor to blend whatever it is
This is a cardio machine in disguise. I don't like this at all. I'm just gonna add the mushrooms
I might have to do this in two different steps.
So the recipe also says we should salt this and a little bit of pepper
I don't have enough strength for this.
Mine doesn't look as dark as Gordon Ramsay's one,
but maybe will once we cook this, so we're gonna transfer this to a bowl. This smells really nice if you love mushrooms
you'd like this smell. A million years later, this is the last bit
Gordon Ramsay explains in the video that the reason why we don't cook this with any olive oil or anything is because it's got too
much water, so we're basically looking to remove the water from the mushrooms, so I'm gonna add the mushrooms
This is definitely way too much guys. This kind of looks like horse, not gonna lie
We're supposed to cook these in a very high heat for around 10 minutes. So hopefully it's not gonna burn
*spoon scraping noises*
That's kind of cool you can really see the water like being released from the mushrooms, so
We're gonna let this happen for around 10 minutes
*sizzling intensifies*
Okay guys, so the water is pretty much gone, so this is like a paste now
I think the name of this, the technical term is Duke sell or duck sell
I don't know. We've put some cellophane lining here, so now we're gonna do the outside of the steak.
I wasn't sure if this was gonna be enough, but I think this is enough.
This ham is so thin that it's actually falling apart
No!
it doesn't feel like this is gonna cover the whole of the meat to be honest
I'm kind of trying to visualize here if we place it like that. It's definitely not gonna be enough
This is only gonna cover half of it
So I'm gonna do another layer of ham on this side because thankfully I got extra.
So we're gonna add the mushroom paste,
At this point I'm not even sure if this is going to be enough because we have so much meat,
Taking the very last bit, and that's basically it!
According to the video, the beef goes right in the center
Okay, not looking bad, just picture this guys in case this fails. It looked good at some point that also applies to my Instagram.
This is gonna be way too much meat for this, but also
It's better safe than sorry
Ooh, That's a lot smaller.
I guess we just tuck the sides in, I don't really know what to do here
This is too much on the side, so I'm just gonna cut it.
The ham makes it look kinda gross,
but at least it looks like very firm, so I'm glad I removed the excess on the side
So we're gonna attempt to tighten this up and put it in the fridge for 20 minutes.
So we want this to be real tight
So I'm gonna just roll it up. Ooh, life hack! I quickly had to run to the shop, because
I completely forgot that I didn't have any eggs at home, but i'm back. We're gonna crack some eggs for the next step
And we're going to use just the yolk and the last one
So we're gonna roll this out, I think the thickness is kind of perfect because you don't want it to be too thin
I'm not sure if this is gonna be big enough. I'm gonna forget some plastic in this and I'm gonna be eating plastic okay
According to Gordon Ramsay, this is very important, otherwise. It's not gonna stick. Kind of makes sense you think about it
But I could've just done that
Please tell me this will be enough...
NOOO!
There's literally one little gap. Maybe if we trim the edges a little bit...
I can use that...
For this bit here. This is kind of all wrapped up
I mean he looks a little ugly on top
But it doesn't matter because this will be the bottom once we refrigerate it and put it in the oven so
We're gonna let it cool for I think 20 minutes, and I'll show you everything in just a second
So now we're gonna use the egg wash on top,
and I'm following the video instead of the recipe at this point because the video is, like, more visually easy to follow
Oh, I can't do this guys. That's too difficult. I don't even understand the physics behind it is it like
Is that it?
This is not what this is supposed to be, but
this is what we're doing
So I'm gonna bake this for 15 to 20 minutes, and hopefully it's going to look fine.
Make me proud, baby.
That was intense. I'm so tired right now, and this is not a flattering angle
I cannot handle the anxiety of waiting for this. It's kind of messing me up
I feel like when my parents used to go to school to have meetings with the teacher, and I'd be waiting outside
Just knowing that I was gonna be grounded for the next 3 weeks
The recipe says that we have to wait for about 10 minutes before we carve it, before we cut into it
But I think it actually looks good
It looks a little messy on camera so according to Gordon Ramsay the trick is to never slice this very thin
There was a little bit of blood coming on I know that's normal
But I don't like to eat meat like that like I just wasn't gonna eat it.
Food is subjective, you like what you like and I know that I don't like my meat bloody
So there's nothing wrong with that, so don't come for me because of that
Ooh, that is very well done now. But I like it like that so
Oh, that smells so good though.
Should we see what this one looks like?
Ah!
Ooh, oh, okay
Believe it or not, this is the best slice we've got out of it. It doesn't look that bad
I did a shitty job at carving it, but I don't think it's that bad
I really went there with overcooking it, but once again. That's my personal taste. So that's exactly how I'm gonna eat it
I'm gonna give this a 5 out of 10 for effort, but I am
pretty disappointed in myself because I really did try so
*sigh*
If there's one good thing about my channel is, I mean I am very annoying and my videos fail most of the times but the
good thing is, it's real guys. I'm not doing like a million shots. I'm not lying to you ever
With the whole mushroom situation and everything I feel like these might actually taste good
I did overcook the meat a lot the mushroom is like a paste still, it didn't really
Ooh, that's actually a nice cut on the meat
It might not look the best, but this is so incredibly flavourful and the meat is actually not that overcooked I mean, it's like
It's past medium well without being, like, rubber. Even the pastry is so flavourful. I don't even like pastry normally
Mmm
It's good. The meat is definitely the best part though to be honest. It's well worth how much it cost.
I might actually start making this mushroom paste and just add it to like pasta and other things because it's so good
It's such a cool different way to eat mushrooms. I mean, maybe it's just you've never heard of this
Mmm
I'm not gonna finish everything on camera because my friends are coming over and I want to eat with them
But I feel like it was an okay effort. I will report to you in the next video if my friends actually like this
I'll try to vlog it with my phone, and I'll show it to you guys the reaction but flavor-wise
I'm gonna give it a ten out of ten. The meat cooking time, I would probably give it a three out of ten because
Nobody likes it this overcooked only me. Looks-wise it's probably a minus ten and that was it for this video guys
I really hope you guys enjoyed it
I know you guys love it every time I make a Gordon Ramsay video, so if you do
Please don't forget to give it a like because it means a lot to me
And it lets me know that you want to watch more of these type of videos
If you're not subscribed to my YouTube channel yet guys
all you have to do is scroll down and there's a little subscribe button
and a bell and if you tap that bell
every time I put up a new food video you guys will actually receive a notification on your phones and
Obviously I say this in every video
But it does mean a lot to me because it means that you won't miss out on one of my videos which is a very
Good feeling for someone who has four friends. That's about it. I love you
I hope you've been enjoying a full week of like videos almost every day
So I will see you on my next video, which is probably gonna be tomorrow. Bye bye!