Hi, I am Sim Smith, and welcome to my keep
calm and bake series.
In this episode we are going to be making
brioche bread and butter pudding.
[music]
This is a really easy recipe, it is one of
my mom's favorites, brioche bread and butter
pudding.
Now you can buy the brioche ready sliced or
you can buy it as a loaf, all you need to
do is slice it and make sure you butter it.
and what you are going to do is lay them in
the base.
Six slices going opposite ways, and then on
top of that you are going to sprinkle some
mixed peel and some fruit, and you just need
about a handful.
Sprinkle that over, and then you need to add
in some soft brown sugar, you can use Demerara.
If you don't have brown sugar at home you
can just use some plain castor sugar that
is absolutely fine.
So a couple of teaspoons of that.
You might need to break it up if it is Demerara
because it has a tendency to stick together.
For the full ingredients of this recipe you
can just check the description box.
Press it down slightly, repeat the process
by just layering the brioche on again and
the sugar again.
Now this makes a really lovely pudding for
autumn time I think it is great after a Sunday
roast, it is brilliant for after dinner parties.
Everyone is really impressed, and who does
not love a bread and butter pudding.
So for the final layer, you just put the brioche
on this time none of the mixed peel but instead
you are going to sprinkle some cinnamon on
top.
Again really warming for the autumn, spicy,
sweet; and then some more sugar.
Again 2-3 teaspoons is absolutely fine and
you may need to break it up with your fingers
just to get an even covering.
Then press it down again.
Then what you need to do is take your eggs,
put them into the cream and milk mixture,
you need to mix it in really well and slowly
pour it over the top.
What you will find is if you can try and put
it into the holes down the side it will get
right to the bottom and soak in all of the
brioche.
The aim is not to have it pouring over the
top.
There we go.
Again, you can just press it down to make
sure each piece is really coated.
And that is it, now it is time to pop it into
the oven for 30 minutes at 180 degrees.
Our brioche bread and butter pudding is out
of the oven now and it is puffy and looking
delicious.
I think the best way to serve it is with cream,
or ice cream if you prefer and some people
even like to have it with custard.
I hope you enjoyed this recipe and if you
did please subscribe to the channel.
I hope to see you soon.