In this video I am going to teach you how
to bind the yoyo.
Binding is the trick you use when you are
playing with an unresponsive yoyo to get the
yoyo to wind back up.
In this video I am going to teach you a few
different ways to bind just to get you started.
The first technique of binding is that usually
binding is easier, especially if you are just
learning, if you get the yoyo on the string
in the opposite direction.
The reason for this is, that if the yoyo is
on the string in the opposite direction that
also means that it is spinning the opposite
direction which is going to make it easier
to do your bind.
If you are doing your front mount, this is
normally the way the yoyo lands on the string,
to do your bind you are going to flip it around
and get it on the string in the opposite direction.
The same thing with your side mount or your
trapeze, you are going to do your bind over
here and that is going to make it easier to
get the yoyo to come back up.
The first technique for your bind that I find
is very easy to do is pinch the string with
your opposite hand.
The string is going to be wrapped over your
finger here; you can use your thumb, I usually
use my first finger here, and once it is pinched
you are going to want to raise up your yoyo
hand just a little bit.
You can see that I have started with my yoyo
hand close to the yoyo.
Just raise it up a little bit, and as soon
as you do that you will start to feel the
string wrap around the axle of the yoyo.
As soon as you start to feel that you are
just going to un-pinch it, pull your hand
out, and then the yoyo should wind right back
up.
So again, you just pinch, you are going to
raise up just a little bit, as soon as you
start to feel it you pull your hand out and
that will cause the bind to work.
Same thing on your trapeze.
You are going to go over here, pinch, lift,
pull your hand out, and that is going to help
it come back up.
A lot of guys, instead of pinching the string,
what they do is they cross the string like
this.
Crossing can have the same effect.
You are going to want to do the same thing.
You are going to want to lift your yoyo hand
and drop this hand a little bit.
As soon as you start to feel that tension
on the inside of the yoyo then you are going
to want to pull your opposite hand out and
that will cause the yoyo to come back up.
A lot of guys that is the exclusive bind that
they do and it can work pretty effectively.
The third kind of bind that you can do, again
a lot of guys do this but I don't really recommend
it and I will explain why, but essentially
what they do is they wrap the string around
the axle like this and while they are wrapping
it they throw the yoyo up.
So the bind looks like that.
The reason I don't recommend this bind especially
is because when you do this the string, when
it first starts to bind around the yoyo is
actually winding in the opposite direction
while the rest of the string winds up in the
right direction.
When you throw it back out you are always
going to have that little bit of string that
is going to come out of the yoyo and it is
going to mess up your throw a little.
You may not really notice, you may not really
care, and what is nice about that bind is
that you do not have to flip it over you can
just get right into it from your normal mount,
which is great.
So those are just a few different techniques.
Practice them, work on them, see which one
you like.
As you are practicing those binds you are
going to find that you are going to make a
lot of mistakes, so I am going to show you
a couple different ways that you can use your
binds to wind the yoyo up if you are starting
from a dead yoyo.
If you are going to do your normal wind up
trick like this, then to do your bind you
are going to want to mount it just like you
do your front mount.
If you are going to want to get the yoyo spinning
like this then it is going to be spinning
the opposite direction so you are going to
want to mount the yoyo in the opposite direction,
or the direction you normally would for a
side mount.
One other technique that you can use that
I like to use a lot is, instead of just spinning
the yoyo and getting it on the string here,
you can do it all in one motion.
So you can just spin the yoyo and while it
is up in the air I just catch it on the trapeze
and then you can do your bind and get it right
back.
Again that looks like this.
There are all sorts of different ways you
can bind.
If you watch different yoyo players you will
find that they favor different techniques
and there are a lot of techniques that I didn't
show you here, but hopefully these will get
you started so you can get started doing your
unresponsive yoyo tricks.