Welcome to Tuesday's Tips from SewVeryEasy,
my name is Laura.
And today on Tuesday's Tips, I'm going to answer
answer a question Jennifer asked.
She asked, "How did you put the buttons
through the centre of the pillow?"
Well, let's start with some good, strong thread.
I like to use a good, strong thread. Now, you can
double up and triple up on regular sewing thread
but it will still have a tendency to want to break
as you are sewing. Even some of the heavier threads.
Give them a test to see if they break.
If they have a good pull without breaking they're okay,
but if they're going to break, well, you're going to have to
double up on them.
And I want to do this all with one loop,
so I like to use a thread that's not going to break.
So you can check and just give a good pull to
to some of the threads and see if they break or not.
I like to use a thread that is made for denim.
This is a topstitch for denim thread
and it does not break very easily.
And get the longest needle you can
that you're able to put your thread into that hole.
And I'm going to start with a very long piece
so that I don't have to wrestle with little ends.
I'm going to double up and knot the two ends together.
If you're making the pillow from scratch
you're going to be able to find the center point
before you stuff it.
But if you're going to make a pillow that's already
stuffed, you need to find the center. The easiest way is
to take a thread and go from one corner to the next
and I flip it over and I bring the thread all the way
to the other side.
Then, I repeat it for the other corner.
Go right from one corner, slip it right into the next corner
flip the pillow over, and go back into that hole.
You do not need to knot the thread.
You just want to find the center mark.
Once you find the center mark, mark it.
Now you can take the threads off.
First thing I do is take the needle and go through
the center of the pillow in that mark
and come out right in the next mark,
but keep the thread tails on the first side of the pillow.
So I have thread on both sides of the pillow.
Now I'm just going to put the button in
on the side that has the needle
Then I'm going to take the needle, put it right back in
just a couple of stitches past
that original hole that you came out of.
And just kind of like a small distance from
that original thread.
So now you have one button on one side
and your two threads on the other.
Put your second button on.
Now we need to tie a knot and squish this all together
at the same time.
So normally you would take a knot and would just pull
the thread in once.
We'll do it a second time, and then do it a third time.
Now slowly, keeping your threads nice and straight,
because they might want to get tangled on you, pull.
And when you get to the button, you pull very tight.
It's going to pull in the back button and the top button.
And by having that thread looped a couple of times
it's not going to come undone.
Now you will be able to put a second knot in,
and just have that knot slide in underneath that button
and I like to do it a second time.
Now to trim the threads, I trim the threads as long
as I can without them being seen. So the bigger the
button I have, the bigger the threads can be.
And that's just going to help prevent those threads
from pulling in.
And that is all it takes.
Let me show you how to do this with a button that has
the holes that you can see.
The setup starts the same: Put the needle in one side
and poke it out to the other.
Go through the one side
through the next
and poke it back through. Make sure your button is
right-side up and it's not twisted.
Thread the next button.
Come up
Go down
Pull that button right down. Make sure it's nice and flat
so you have both buttons flat.
Pull the thread once...
twice...
three times.
Trim it and you're done. It's very similar
even if you use buttons with the four holes.
In on one side, through the second side, leaving the tail.
Come up, go down—again, right through that center.
Make sure the buttons are straight. Do your three loops
'til that button clinches. The next one is going to be
stitching through the two extra holes
because they're really just for decoration,
You already have this strengthened.
So take the needle and put it behind the button
and come out to the other side
in one of those empty holes.
Back into that hole...
and this time I'm going to come right through
to the front of that button.
So now I have both holes in the back done
and three holes in the front.
Lift your button up and put it into the next hole
and just have that thread come up to the top
so you're not stitching through that pillow.
I'm back to my two ties, and I can just finish tying it off.
So it's that good, strong thread that makes this quick
and easy. Thank you, Jennifer, for asking.
And thank you for joining me today on Tuesday's Tips
from SewVeryEasy. Feel free to subscribe and,
as always, come on back. Let's see what
we're sewing next time in the sewing room.
Bye for now!