Welcome to Ashlee Marie. Today, I'm going to teach you how to make this Minion cake. This is
Kevin as he grew into a giant Minion and exploded out of Scarlet Overkill's house. Let's get
started.
We're going to start with his eyes to give them time to dry. It's about a third of an inch of
white fondant. I used a 2.5 inch biscuit cutter to cut two eyes, and I'm smoothing them out with
my fingers so they get that nice eyeball bulge. Then, I'm going to cut them again once I've
smoothed them over with that same biscuit cutter so they have a nice crisp edge and side. Do that
to both. Now, I take some brown and black fondant, and marbleize it together. And using a 2A
tip, I use the wide side to cut out his irises. By marbleizing them, they give they some really nice
depth. Now, take some black fondant that you've rolled super thin as well. And use the smaller
side of that same 2A tip to create the pupils and attach those as well. Then, take an itty-bitty bit
of white fondant, create a nice little dot, and press it onto the eyeball in between the pupil and the
iris, and give it that nice little glow.
Now, the grey fondant. We're going to use a lot of this for the goggles. You want to roll it out
about a third of an inch thick, again, nice and long, cut straight down the center. Use that same
biscuit cutter to give yourself a little template that you're going to follow and cut along that line
as well. You're going to want to cut two of these. Wrap each of them around the biscuit cutters. I
have two biscuit cutters, and I think that's really necessary to create these goggles. Wrap it
around and glue the seam together with some clear alcohol or vodka of some kind. Do that for
both. Then, cut a nice flat layer in between where the two meet. See how it's nice and flat?
That's how I'm going to attach them together. So again, clear alcohol or vodka, attach them
together, and we're going to let them dry.
But before they dry completely, you're going to take a 6 inch cake circle, because that's the size
that he is, a 6-inch cake, and you're going to mark along where you want to cut out. Because, we
want these goggle to fit around the cake, not just stick out hugely in front of him. So by cutting
out this half circle, they're going to fit around the cake really nicely. Take a very long strip of
that same great fondant that you've rolled out really thin. This is about, I want to say, a half an
inch wide. And wrap it around both bases of the goggles and then cut out some circles. And these
are like the goggle nuts. They just add nice little detail and depth to the goggles. So glue those
about 7 around. Now, cut out 2 little tubes and kind of smooth them and round them out. Now,
take the back of the knife, the dull side, and mark lines in them. These are going to be the hinges
where the band and the goggles meet.
Now, put aside the grey fondant and get out some black. First up, we're going to create the
buttons. So, some slightly thick fondant, cut out some circles. And then using a ball tool, create
some little indentations. Now, take the rest of the black fondant, roll it out to like three-quarters
of an inch, and cut it in half. These are going to be our shoes and we want them to match. So by
rolling it out together and then cutting it in half, we can make sure that they look exactly the
same. So cut out the shoe shape a little bit wider in the front, a little bit narrower in the back.
That's the sole and the heel. Now, these are really rough, as you can see right now. So the first
thing we want to do is smooth the edges. The top is nice and rounded, where his foot's going to
be in. But the back, you can leave that thicker and higher, because it's the boot part. Along the
sole, you want to cut out a little wedge, and that's going to be the area between the sole and the
heel. And then take the back of the knife and make a line around it. That gives it a nice little
detail.
Now, take some more black fondant and create two fat tear drop shapes. Take your ball tool, and
the narrow part of the tear drop, you're going to widen out and kind of hollow. That's going to
be the cuff of his glove, and his hand's going to fit down into it. So you want to make sure it has
enough room for his hand. Now, take the rest of it, kind of flatten it and make it almost a
trianglish shape. This is going to be his hand. He has two fingers and a thumb. As you can see on
the left hand side, we have his thumb, which is a little bit smaller, and then his two big huge fat
fingers. So soften those edges where we just cut. Don't forget, your thumb and your hands don't
just go straight into your wrist. They kind of bulge out a little bit. See how it has a nice little
bulge, doesn't just go straight into the wrist? He's sitting with his hands at his side, so we want
to pull the cuff of his glove up so his hand's sticking down. We want it to dry in that shape. Use
the back of the knife to create some glove wrinkle lines as well. And set those aside to dry.
Now, add some powdered gumtex to your black fondant. That will strengthen it. And
push it out through an extruder in thin lines, and leave those aside to dry. Those are going to be
strips of his hair. Now time for the cake carving. This is always my favorite part. This is a 12-
inch cake that we're just carving into a mound. This is going to be the broken down castle that
he's sitting on top of. So, it doesn't have to be perfect. Carve it, ganache it, then cover it with
some marbleized fondant by adding a little itty-bitty bit of black and mixing it, but not all the
way, into the white fondant. You get a marbleized effect. Now trim that nice and even with a
sharp knife.
And we're going to move onto Kevin. This is an 8-inch cake base and this is going to be his
bottom where his bottom sits on top of the castle. So, just round it a little bit and then flip it over.
Put a 6-inch cake on top of that, slightly off-center. Now, where the 6 inch is closer to the 8-inch,
that's going to be his back side. So, it's going to kind of bulge out just a little bit where his
bottom pooches, and then that front, where we have more space, that's going to be his tummy
pooch that he has going on while he's sitting down and leaning forward a little bit.
Now, it's time to add some strength and structure to our cake. So add some dowels, a 6-inch cake
board and then a dowel all the way through the center to hold it together. Now, I want to attach
this to the mound already. So, I put some parchment paper down to protect the white fondant
from all the ganache we're going to be using. Press that long, long, long dowel all the way down
to the bottom of the cake, and then top the whole thing off with a half ball pan nice and rounded.
And cover the whole thing with ganache. You can see his body start to take shape how he's
leaning forward a little bit and he's got that pooch little tummy. Once the ganache is set, I
actually sketched out lines where I want everything to go. Now, we're putting the yellow fondant
on top. And I'm cutting that fondant right where his goggle line is going to be. It will get covered
up later. This way, I can add the fondant without worrying too much about seams. Same thing
around his body, wrap it around, putting the nice fondant in the front, and then just creating a
seam in the back. And now, we're going to cut lines again where they're going to easily get
covered. His arms are next. These were a little bit tricky. I created tubes of chocolate ganache
that I wrapped in yellow fondant and then cut. This is going to be under his arms. You won't
actually see this seam later. Now, we're going to put it up against his body. Cut off the excess
that we don't need. See how I still have some fanned out where his arm is? See that little fondant
sticking up? That's going to go on the X where I put a mark on the ganache previously for his
arm.
Now, just stretch that fondant out and then cut it right along those lines. Now, that line's going to
be covered with the strap from his overalls. So easy-peasy to hide. Take the other edges and
smooth them down into the ganache. That's where his jeans are going to go over, so we don't
want a bulge from the yellow fondant. Take two strips of the blue fondant, kind of thick to help
cover things up, and put them one on each side. Those are the sides of his denim. Take a big
panel and press it along the back, and then cut it into the jean shape, how it kind of goes wider at
the bottom. Now, add seam lines and stitch lines. You use any tools that you can get.
Now comes my favorite part, we're adding his cut little stubby legs sticking out in front, adding
to that little pooch he has of a belly. So I just took, again, big huge chunks of ganache. Let's face
it, it's basically just a truffle. I think I'd rather eat his truffle legs that his cake body. Anyway,
add some more blue fondant to that. Press it in around all of those crevices and then cut off the
excess. You also want to cut the shape of the front of his jeans nicely here. This is going to give
us a pocket and all of that stuff. So again, add another piece for the fondant and add all the
details, all the stitch work and lines.
Next up, we're going to add those straps and cover up the lines that we left, that seam between
the yellow fondant from his arm and body. Add his shoes that we had left drying. I used skewers.
Push that skewer in a little bit farther with an extra skewer and then cover it with a little bit of
extra black fondant. No one will even notice it was there. Narrow down his little wrist and then
put it right inside those gloves that we created. And again, attach the gloves with a skewer.
Skewers are great with cakes.
Now, attach the buttons and add some lines to make it look like the fabric is puckering where the
buttons came from. Now it's time to add his hair. Use a skewer to give yourself a guide hole, and
then press the hair down inside it. These hairs were really delicate, so that guide hole really kept
them so that I could press them inside without them breaking. And you'll also notice that we
created that black band to go around his head. Now, before we press the goggles into place, I
rolled out a little bit more of that grey fondant and created a guide for myself. This is going to be
the front of our goggles, just to give it a nice smooth front. But don't attach it yet. I might have
gone overkill on all these skewers, but I did not want these goggles falling off. So using a cookie
sheet to kind of give myself a flat surface, I pressed it into place. And then I pushed the eyes
down inside the goggles. And then I attached the hinge covering up that skewer. Now, attach a
nice thin little half circle for his mouth. And you can see where the skewer's kind of coming
through the front of the goggle and I pushed so hard. Now is where that template that I made
beforehand comes into play. It's going to give the front of our goggles a nice, smooth, pretty
finish.
Not that you can tell very well, but in the movie, he actually has crushed this castle and is
standing amidst the rubble. So I made some chocolate marbleized bricks. And we're going to just
break it up.
Kind of just press it all around him. This is actually a really fun part for the kids to help with too.
I mean, who doesn't love a destructed building. So, Kevin's just sitting on top of rubble. There's
no rhyme or reason. You can go crazy. Push things wherever you want.
I hope you guys enjoyed this. Don't forget to subscribe so you don't miss anything. Please leave
me a comment if you give this cake a try or if there's any other movie you want to see a cake
from. I hope you guys enjoyed this. And now, it's time for me to go be the host of my baby boy's
4th birthday party, which is all about Minions. If you click on the show more down below, there's
links to everything- links to the party, links to all the recipes, links to more videos on this, and all
the décor and everything we did. So, thanks for watching.