Mmm, wow this Starbucks is so good. I wonder if
Yeah, baby
What is up sky’s quad  welcome back to my channel if you
Are band new be sure to hit that subscribe button down below and become a member of this sky squad if you are already subscribed
Be sure to turn on notifications by clicking that little bell right next to the subscribe button look something like this
After you are done turning on notifications comment. I love the sky squad, and I'll try to like or reply to your comment. Oh my gosh
It's so echoing in here so echoey so today
We are going to be making a giant Starbucks iced coffee like huge like and Giant like legit
Have a giant cut like hold on you need to see this clip. So here are our
Ingredients that we are going to be using for our diy
Starbucks, giant cup of coffee and this wouldn't just be like a giant cup of coffee without like a
giant Cup oh
A the chihuahua of course so yeah, I'm here is our sexy giant cup. I mean, I think it looks pretty good, right?
Cool, so the first thing needs out is water so you know cavity is puff this and actually
All right now. It's more than halfway filled and
It's time. It's time. I started brewing the instant coffee. I got anything on purpose
so now a bucks an ounce a great value of classic Rose great value because
It smells so good and it's really cheap. Oh
My gosh, the sadness is radiating through the air
So I'm just one of these containers there are three cups of coffee
I have seven containers that means I am going to be maybe
two mothers in a tea cups of coffee
Combined into one like one giant coffee that contains 280
cups
zing
Now it's time to add the only move
Now it's time to stir our masterpiece and look it even has some foam any
All right, give it a taste
We need those serious sugar hold on one second
You guys you don't understand how happy this makes me. I absolutely love sugar. That's why I have a million cavities
How could you not like sugar give that a big stir?
It's getting there
It is getting there
But with that some of this the classic hazelnut flavor easter just to make it a little bit more savvy because you know
Making a stop those three it has to be super sweet otherwise. It's not Starbucks
Notice wouldn't be idea. Why stop stirring if I didn't an actual Starbucks in it, right?
This would be a nice coffee without 30 pounds of ice
okay, 30 pounds of ice has been added I
Think it's time for the whipped cream with ready. Are you ready up?
Looking into the yeah. He's like I got that boy don't worry
This actually is starting to look just like my diy giant
Starbucks
Containers like oh my God no even though the videos will be in a bio if you want to like those easily as I say
carbonyL oh my God oh
My God, this is so beautiful
Wow
Give this video a big thumbs up if you wish that this was their coffee, it's so beautiful
oh
My God that is beautiful thing I've ever seen in my life
Now is the moment I've been waiting for my entire life
I can't believe I'm about to do this right now how to put the base on my wounds
Because I can't drive electric skateboard
All right
Acutely this moment is absolutely
Happening actually hit that like button if you wish this moment would happen to you as well if you could duck right into a giant
cup oh
Diy Starbucks coffee oh my God, but it's ice I forgot about it
It's ice might not be nice without thinking. It's gonna be all right are you ready? Oh?
I'm not getting this the cold. It's freezing man, dude. I told you not to do the ice
This is Gonna be the ice bat coffee challenge think of all the skies. What numbers you're entertaining right now, I?
Can do this?
Everybody just to get the little list of happiness
I'm
With the hos who is him?
I'm turning blue. Oh
That's because you know I think that Kinda even though
oh
Okay, I'm sorry tapping now
I must be so mad at me
Are you ready?
You did be certain to be felt like I love you guys so much. I'll see you guys in the next video