John: Hey, everybody, I'm John.
Jim: And I'm Jim.
John: Welcome back to Dupli-Color TV.
Today we're here to show you how to use the
new Scratch Fix All-In-1 tool.
Jim: That's right, John.
The Scratch Fix All-In-1 tool's got you covered
from top to bottom.
You can prep it, paint it, and clear seal
it all in one simple to use tool.
The Scratch Fix All-In-1 tool features an
abrasive prep tip that removes loose paint
and rust.
It also features dual paint applicators, a
pen tip for fine scratches, and a brush for
larger chips.
Finally, the clear seal well features an ultra-smooth
foam applicator brush that enables you to
achieve that perfect factory finish.
To get started we're going to check for scratches
and chips on this Chevy Camaro here.
John: To do this, you can just take a quick
lap around your car to go ahead and assess
any damage you're going to want to repair.
We recommend you do this every 30 days, because
that's going to help you avoid more costly
body shop repairs down the line.
I went ahead and went over this car a little
bit earlier, and I found a few scratches that
we want to repair.
We're going to show you how to do this using
the Scratch Fix All-In-1 tool.
Jim: Now that we have assessed the damage,
the next step is to locate the color code.
On some makes and models you can actually
find it under the hood.
On others you can find it on the strip inside
the door jamb.
John: On this particular car, we were able
to locate the color code in the trunk.
Now that you have that, you can take that
down to your local auto parts store to find
your perfect match.
Jim: So we've identified this scratch here
on the Camaro's door panel.
We're going to get started with the Scratch
Fix All-In-1 tool, utilizing the prep tip
first.
Now this abrasive prep tip has a fiberglass
construction, so it's not going to chip or
break, also a beveled edge, flat surface so
that you can really level out some of the
rough edges of the affected area, and a finer
point so that you can really dig into the
nooks and crannies, getting out that rust,
dirt, grime.
There's a little bit of rust here in this
scratch, so I'm going to use the finer edge
of this prep tip in a back and forth sweeping
motion, almost like sandpaper, to get that
out of there.
With the surface area now clean, we're moving
on to the paint application.
For this particular scratch, I've chosen the
pinpoint control pen applicator.
The spring loaded action in this applicator
allows for maximum control and flow of the
paint to the surface.
The ergonomic design provides comfort and
control during the application.
So we've let our paint dry for 30 minutes
now.
Time to hit it with a clear finish topcoat.
Holding the All-In-1 tool upright from the
silver base, twist for a clear seal foam brush
applicator.
Now it's just a simple apply.
So we just knocked out the scratch on the
door panel with the pen tip.
We've moved up here to the hood to take a
look at some of the chips here.
We're going to follow the same procedure as
we did with the door.
We've already taken the liberty here to prep
this with the abrasive prep tool to clean
out some of the dust and debris here, come
back, hit that with a little bit of the rubbing
alcohol to remove some of the wax and grease.
Now we're going to hit it with the tapered
brush.
So we've let the paint level off and dry here
for 30 minutes up on the hood.
We're going to come back now and hit it with
the clear finish topcoat.
So we just finished the touch-up on the Camaro.
It was easy with the Scratch Fix All-in-1
tool.
The only product on the market today that
allows you to prep it, paint it, and seal
it, all in one tool for that perfect factory
finish.
John: And as a reminder, make sure to take
a lap around your car every 30 days just to
check for any new damage.
And make sure you have your vehicle's color
code for that perfect color match.
And for more information, visit duplicolor.com.
Jim: Yes you can, in your garage, with Dupli-Color.