Greetings from PaintScratch.com.
Right now we are going to show you how to
touch up a small scratch on your vehicle using
our PaintScratch.com Paint Pen.
The Paint Pen is the perfect product for touching
up scratches that are less than the width
of a pencil eraser.
We are going to fix up this little ding, and
by the end of the process, it will look like
this.
Now before we get started, we recommend you
wear a dual-cartridge respirator and protective
gloves and clothing.
And be sure to work in a ventilated workspace.
Okay, let’s get started with the step by
step process.
Practice: This is the single most important
step.
Use a practice surface such as a metal can
or a glossy sheet of paper and be sure to
practice with each of the paint pens.
Shake the pen up, depress the tip until paint
comes out, then apply the paint.
Practice painting several light coats rather
than one heavy coat.
Use the practice to gauge how fast the paint
dries and take note of that time.
Lastly, practicing will allow you to confirm
the color match of our paint to your vehicle.
When applying paint to your vehicle, have
a plastic lid handy.
Apply some paint to it from the paint pen,
and then dab from that paint.
This trick helps you control how much paint
is on the nib before you apply it to your
vehicle.
If you don’t use this trick, you may end
up with too much paint on your vehicle.
If this does occur, use our automotive lacquer
thinner to wipe away the paint and start over.
When you're ready to apply the paint pen to
your car follow these steps:
First, Clean the Area.
Apply a small amount of wax and grease remover
to a clean rag.
Thoroughly wipe the scratch and surrounding
area.
If you do not clean the area, the touch-up
paint won’t adhere properly.
Second, Apply Primer.
If you’re fixing scratches down to an unpainted
surface, use the primer paint pen as the first
layer.
Apply the primer the same way you apply the
basecoat which we'll show you now.
The basecoat is the touch up paint color that
matches your vehicle.
Apply the paint as evenly as possible.
Use light layers to evenly coat the scratch.
Allow the surface to dry before adding another
layer of paint, use a blowdryer to help with
the drying process.
Now, you want to add enough base coat, so
that it is above the level of the original
paint.
Let it dry, then use the rubbing compound
to level the fresh paint back to even with
the original paint.
To do this, add a small amount of rubbing
compound to a clean, dry, cotton cloth, and
rub it in circular motions.
Repeat these steps until you are satisfied
with the look of your repair.
Then, let the base coat dry completely.
Apply the Clearcoat.
The clearcoat is the top layer that protects
your base coat from damage.
The key to successfully applying the clearcoat
is to float it over the basecoat.
This means you will use very little pressure,
if you use too much pressure the clearcoat
will act as a solvent and remove the basecoat.
Apply the clearcoat in light layers, allowing
the surface to dry completely before adding
another layer.
Let the clearcoat dry overnight.
For the final step, polish with Rubbing Compound.
The rubbing compound is used to polish the
clearcoat.
Squirt a small amount of rubbing compound
onto a clean, dry, cotton cloth, like a clean
t-shirt.
Rub the repaired area in circular motions
until the surface is shiny.
Do not use a dirty rag or any paper products.
They will leave scratches and you won’t
get a smooth, glossy finish.
And that's it.
Remember to wait at least 30 days before waxing.
And one last tip, keep a bottle of lacquer
thinner handy to clean the paint pen’s nib.
The paint can dry very fast, clogging the
nib, and making it more difficult to use.
Keeping the nib clean with automotive lacquer
thinner makes applying the paint much easier.
It’s best practice to clean the nibs then
store the paint pens in a cool dry place for
future use.
Fixing scratches on your vehicle is easy with
PaintScratch.com and we are happy to assist
you with any customer service needs.
Now go PaintScratch.com and get started!