Today I'm going to show you how to make barbeque
chicken.
It's the classic barbeque dish.
It's the dish that's going to take you to
new heights in the backyard when it comes
to grilling, and it's going to have friends
and family wanting to come over all the time.
If you know how to do barbeque chicken, then
you know how to do barbeque.
So we're going to first start out with a half
chicken and we're going to also use another
half and make a quarter chicken.
You can really decide what you want to do
when you're putting it on the grill, so we're
going to do a little bit of both.
I like to at least make it into two halves
because it's going to cook a little bit faster
than if you're cooking a whole chicken, so
it's going to give you more surface area.
We're going to take these two quarters and
this half.
You want to take a paper towel and just dry
it off, make sure that there's no moisture.
And then we're going to stick it onto a cookie
sheet which we've lined with aluminum foil.
What we want to do, is we want to take some
vegetable oil or some olive oil, put a tablespoon
or two on each half, and rub that in on both
the front and the back underneath.
Just get all the surface areas.
Now we want to take a spice rub.
Today we're going to be using an all-purpose
spice rub that's great on poultry.
It's got some sweet, it's got some heat.
It can really be whatever you want it to be
if you're making it at home.
You can have it hotter or sweeter by just
altering how much sugar or spice you put in
it.
You can also get store-bought brands, like
our All-American Spice Rub and use if you
don't have the time or just don't want to
make one of your own.
So what we want to make sure we do is we cover
all the surface really well.
So we're going to get underneath here on the
bottom of the chicken, so we want to really
get a nice layer and then just kind of pat
that in, or rub it in.
Then flip that over, and we're going to do
the skin side.
And this is about six tablespoons for an entire
chicken.
And you can go heavier or lighter depending
on what kind of level of spiciness you want.
You're also going to get a lot of the nice
flavor out of the smoke from the charcoal
or the wood that you're using.
And we'll be using a combination of charcoal,
some oak and some hickory today to cook these.
So now that you've got it all rubbed in, let
this set for about 15 minutes.
Go out and get your grill started, get your
charcoal or wood going, and then we'll take
this out in 15 minutes and get it on the grill
and start cooking.
OK.
We're out here at the grill, we've got our
chicken all seasoned up and it's been setting
for about 15 minutes to let that spice and
oil incorporate and kind of marinate the meat,
and we've got our fire up to about 350 degrees,
which is just exactly where we want it.
Now I'm going to take the chicken, and for
the first few minutes I'm going to set it
directly over the fire to get a little bit
of caramelization on the skin, crisp it up
a little bit.
So we're doing skin side down.
So we're going to let this cook like this
for about five minutes, and then we're going
to come and we're going to flip it, and we're
going to put it in an indirect cooking method,
on opposite side of the coals, and we're going
to let that cook for about 45 minutes.
Then in about 45 minutes we're going to start
basting it every five or seven minutes with
some barbeque sauce for another 15 to 20 minutes,
and it should be done.
So in about an hour and 15 minutes, we'll
have a chicken ready for the table.