In this video, we're going to uncover when
to drink apple cider vinegar.
Hi, I'm Dr. Zyrowski from Nuvisionexcel.com.
If you're new to the channel it's a pleasure
to have you here.
Be sure to subscribe, hit that little notification,
join our notification community and I'm going
to help you excel your health and your life.
In this video, we're talking about when to
drink apple cider vinegar.
This is a very common question that we get
in the comments section because many people
know the benefits that apple cider vinegar
really offers to them.
Some of them include balancing your PH, lowering
your blood sugar, supporting weight loss supporting
digestion, the whole deal.
So, when we look at apple cider vinegar many
people want to get the absolute maximum benefit
out of it.
And so, what I'm going to teach you is a couple
strategies around when to consume apple cider
vinegar for maximum benefit and then, I'll
also teach you one thing that you need to
watch out for when consuming apple cider vinegar,
and then at the end of the video I'll share
with you my different apple cider vinegar
drinks which are really excellent.
Now, the first thing I want to tell you before
we get into these strategies here is that
apple cider vinegar is not an all or nothing
approach.
It's not that if you don't drink it at a particular
time you'll get no benefit.
You'll always get a benefit from it but there's
a few strategies like I mentioned that will
allow you to get maximum benefit.
So, let's jump into the first one here and
that's first thing in the morning.
When people consume apple cider vinegar first
thing in the morning they really feel energized
from it.
They consume it before coffee, consume it
before breakfast and then as a result of that
they feel energized because it balances their
PH, it also helps balance their electrolytes
if you add a little sea salt to your apple
cider vinegar, it also can even support some
detox if you add some lemon with sea salt
as well.
So, first thing in the morning is a really
great strategy and many people like that as
it helps them feel energized and ready for
their day.
The next strategy here is fasting.
This is one that I really like to use and
the reason for it is because apple cider vinegar
is very satiating.
It's going to help increase satiety and what
that means is while you're fasting you get
those hunger pains that pop up and are really,
really strong.
What's it's going to do is just help you really
decrease those hunger pains, feel that, you
know, you can go much longer without a meal
and give you that support that you need.
It's also going support balancing your blood
sugar.
So, if you drink apple cider vinegar during
fasting it'll have that blood sugar balancing
effect and offer you some support in that
way.
The next strategy here is before meals.
Now this one's actually really great and it's
for a couple reasons because apple cider vinegar
for one, is going to help decrease your blood
sugar.
So, if you consume apple cider vinegar before
your meal, post meal you'll typically have
lower blood sugar as a result of doing so.
Now, the other thing that apple cider vinegar
here is, it's helps the body become more sensitive
to insulin which means that your body's going
to more efficiently shuttle insulin in to
the cell.
Now, last here and last thing I want to mention
about drinking apple cider vinegar before
meals and that is that it's going to support
the digestive process.
So, if you're eating some starchy carbs, if
you're eating meat then it's going to help
break down that food and support your digestion.
Last here is, before bed.
Now, the reason apple cider vinegar is really
great before bed is because when you drink
apple cider vinegar at the end of the day,
after you're done eating, after you've had
your last meal of the day, what it's going
to do is just help create balance throughout
the body.
People who consume apple cider vinegar at
night before bed, what they find is that they're
able to sleep better, they're not getting
that stomach acid that can sometimes come
up and burn your throat, and the other thing
is when they look at their blood sugar in
the morning, their blood sugar is typically
lower as a result of consuming apple cider
vinegar before bed.
So, that's a powerful strategy to help just
create balance at the end of the day in your
body.
So, what I wanted to tell you to watch out
for when it comes to consuming apple cider
vinegar is that if you drink it and you get
an intense burning in your gut, then there's
a good chance that you could have an ulcer,
and so if you're someone who's drinking apple
cider vinegar and you're just holding your
gut going, oh my goodness how could people
do this, it hurts so bad.
Then, there's a good change you got that ulcer
so take a step back and really focus on healing
your gut.
Other than that, be sure to subscribe to my
channel.
Check out my other videosSo we have the apple
cider vinegar fasting drink and then some
of my top apple cider vinegar drinks that
I like to consume.
If you have any questions, put it in the comments
section below.
Share with me your apple cider vinegar drink
and when you like to drink apple cider vinegar.
Like this video.
Share it with your friends and I'll see you
in the next video.