Hi it's Jaime welcome to Guildbrook Farm. Today
I'm going to show you how I make really
cheap gluten-free flour using just four
ingredients from my prepper pantry.
Gluten-free flour can be made from a number of
ingredients. Back in World War two they
actually made bread from silage and
sawdust. I promise you this isn't going
to taste that bad it's actually a pretty
good gluten free flour that you can use as
a one-to-one ratio in most recipes. I say
most because gluten-free flour does not
contain gluten and it does have its
limitations so it's not going to be
exactly the same as a gluten flour
but this one is pretty darn close. Four
ingredients that I always have my prepper pantry are oatmeal, rice, tapioca starch, and
xanthum gum. Oatmeal I eat for breakfast . Rice we have with our meals. Tapioca starch is a
thickener in soups and stews and
xanthum gum is used as a thickener in
my flours.
Now this is completely optional you do
not need to use it but what it does is
it helps to bind the flour together...
It replaces gluten. So this recipe is
super simple we are going to use four
cups of tapioca, two cups of rice, and two
cups of oatmeal. Now which type of rice
you use it's up to you whatever you have
on hand
I just so happen to have Jasmine and Calrose. First I'm going to use four cups of
tapioca and you can be really loose on the
measurements here.
Two cups of rice, i'm going to use one of
each one, and then two cups of oatmeal. Now we're
just going to pre-stir this, get the ingredients mixed up.
Sprinkle a couple tablespoons of xanthum gum
about three and we're going to grind it
in the Vitamix. The Vitamix has a burr
grinder on it, now I would recommend
using a mill... a flour mill if you have one, I
don't have one.
This is what I have, this is what we use.
Only do about one cup at a time.
Now the secret to this flour is to try
and get it as fine as possible.
We're just gonna dump it in the bowl and do it one cup at a time until we get through the
entire batch.
There you go that's the final cup now
we're just going to stir it around to
make sure that all the ingredients are
well mixed and then we're just going to
dump it into our storage container. And
there you go now you have about eight
cups of all-purpose gluten-free flour
using just four ingredients from your
prepper pantry and you could use just
three if you wanted to, and it all costs
about a dollar per pound. If you guys
have any tips for how to make
gluten-free flour please feel free to
leave them in the comments below. Thanks
for watching.