Now today I'm going to show you how easy
it is to remove the filters and do a
comprehensive cleaning on on one of our
range hoods. Now this model is our PLFW
116, it's here in our in our warehouse
display area - it's very simple. Now this
cleaning should take you less than a
minute or two. What you're going to do is
remove the baffle filters, you're going
to put those in the dishwasher, and
you're going to remove the grease tray,
clean that out, and then we're also going
to show you how to remove the blower fan.
So what we're going to do, first thing
the first step, start with the center
push it to the back and pull these out
each of these comes out the same way. Now
you can see in our display area, we still
have the the film left on -- you would
take that off in your environment. So
we're going to remove all these -- very
quick, very simple, slide them up in
towards the front first and then pull
them out. Now again, those would go right
into the dishwasher. Now what you're
going to want to do is remove this
grease pan. So here, right in the back --
now this would -- if you're in a, if you're
in a greasy environment, you've cooked a
lot, you'd have some condensation. Now, for
the average cooking environment, you can
go for years without cleaning this but
we recommend generally about once a year.
So you would just put this in your sink,
warm soapy water, clean it out and then
reinstall it, make sure it's dry. Now that
we removed the baffle filters I'm going
to show you how easy it is to check and
clean your fan blades, these are your
blower blades. Now, this model and most of
our 900  CFM models especially
low-profile hoods that are like this
have a dual motor, dual fan system and so
it draws the air from both sides of the
hood, that's the best way to have it so
that you get an even distribution of
airflow. Now the idea here is we're going
to remove these three screws to bring
down this protective cover and we're
going to undo the center hub to remove
the fan. So you can use a drill or
screwdriver - I got a drill to make it fast.
We'll remove these three screws, we'll
pull down that protective cover and then,
you have a center hub here and what
you'll do......on the center hub it will show
you which which direction to loosen and
tighten because some of them are
threaded in reverse. So this one was
threaded normally and then we will want
to just pull this down. Now the reason
that you want to do this is, let's say
that you have a barbecue environment,
let's say that you're using this in an
outside environment, let's say you have a
lot of smoke, a lot of over...a real greasy,
dirty environment. You'll get buildup on
these blades; now that will reduce the
airflow; it'll increase the noise and
it'll also reduce the motor life in the
fan. Now these are designed to last a
lifetime,
you can see it's an all metal blade,
powder coated and very efficient....
These will last you a lifetime. Now this
can go right in your dishwasher with
your with your baffle filters, so easy to
clean. Now the other reason we're showing
this to you is that occasionally every
once in a while, we'll get one of these
hubs, these center nuts, coming loose
during shipping.
And you'll be able to hear it, so just
remember that. So if you ever -- after
you've changed this, if you have...if you
have a noise or a rubbing sound, you
probably need to go in and tighten the
nut. Now the other thing I do want to
mention is that these are directional, so
in a lot of cases, just like if a blower
is a horizontal or a vertical blower
like this, you'll have one is the left
and one is the right. So, remember which
side they go on. So this one has an F on
it and we need to remember that. Now this
on the back here is a groove it lines up
with a pin that is in on the spindle of
the motor. Can you see that?
So to reinstall it, we simply slide this
up, slide it into place and then tighten
our hub and tighten it nice and tight.
Now a lot of customers after the first
cleaning, will simply leave the
protective cover off. The protective
cover is actually in place because
before we had baffle filters, they used
to hang a grease cup from right here. We
don't need that anymore because the
grease now collects in the grease cup in
the back and the baffle filter but we
still have a lot of these models will
still have the protective cover to meet --
just to protect the consumers from
putting their hand in there when the
motors running. Okay, so there you have
it, we've cleaned our grease tray, now our
grease tray goes back, right back up in
there. Grease tray slides in the very
back with the thin at the back; then we
take our filters; again we're going to
put them in the back start in the center
back first and then down and slide them
over...
And there you have it, it's really that
easy, it takes about five minutes to clean
your range hood. Do it once or twice a
year depending on your use and where you
have it and it will give you years of
trouble-free service. Thanks for watching!
you