Today I am cleaning some toilets.
What I have done is sprayed my cleaner in
there and this is just a regular old bowl
brush.
Problem is a lot of times this doesn't come
out and for really stubborn stains what you
will need is a pumice stone.
This one is pretty bad.
Most likely going to need the pumice stone
treatment.
Here is another toilet the same thing.
Just very very stained.
A lot of stains up underneath.
So this is a very acidic toilet bowl cleaner.
Avoid breathing it in.
It'll burn your nostrils.
Anyway we will let it sit and do it's thing.
Clean the toilet right up and beyond that
sometimes you will need a pumice stone.
Pumice stone is a stone it's like abrasive
but it wont scratch the porcelain.
Works really good for taking out stubborn
stains like you see here.
Now I have a lot of calcium and mineral deposits
and this really stains the toilet and is very
difficult to come off.
It's really going to take like half a bottle
of this and just let it sit on there and eat
away the stains because these are pretty bad.
And that is just what it takes.
This stuff will start to smoke and basically
just burn those stains right out of there.
And we want to get up under the ridge where
we can't see.
Sometimes you can use an inspection mirror
and just look up underneath there to make
sure we are actually getting everything and
that is what this little second brush is for.
Anyway we will let that sit and do it's thing.
OK so this one is cleaning up pretty good.
Probably just going to need to let it sit
overnight.
Let the chemical work in a little bit better.
Alright so here is the pumice stone I was
telling you about.
For these really stubborn stains that is what
it takes.
It's a really abrasive stone and it will get
these stains out.
What I wanted to show you is once you are
finished with the pumice stone one way you
can preserve it.
Save it for the next job.
Is take your glove and just roll your glove
over the pumice stone.
And now you have preserved it for the next
job.