Hi, this is Emily Hernandez your Norwex Independent Sales Consultant
And I'm going to show you how I clean my faucet and sink
With just water, so I'm gonna start with the Enviro cloth. It's my "E" for everything cloth
You'll hear me over and over again. Talk about this amazing cloth. I am able to clean
Ninety percent of the surfaces of my home with just water and a big part of it is because of this cloth
So I've got it already dampened with water and I'm gonna fold it in half and in half again
so it's lays flat in your hand and
Then I'm gonna go ahead and show you what I'm gonna be cleaning so you can see all of that
probably toothpaste and
Spots and all the other fun stuff, so all I'm gonna do is just wipe
The surface now this Enviro cloth is able to pick up up to
99% of bacteria off your surface when you're using it properly and caring for it correctly, and I'm gonna go around here
Which is really amazing?
Besides removing the spots and the dirt it actually is removing bacteria from your surface. I'll go ahead and keep on over
and I'm gonna go into the
into the sink
Get all that cleaned out
And I'm not gonna do the entire thing because I really wanted to just give you a demonstration of it
So what I'm gonna. Do next is
Put this to the side, and I'm gonna go ahead and get my polishing cloth
I don't use paper towels to clean my house anymore. It was a big waste of money, and it was a burden on the environment
So this polishing cloth will actually not only dry your surfaces
But it will give them a nice streak free shine and like who doesn't like that right so
Continue to wipe follow up
go in here and
back here, and the nice thing besides not having to breathe any
Chemical residues is the fact that I'm doing this in just a matter of
Seconds I mean you're seeing how quickly and it feels super super clean, so
That is how I clean my bathroom now. I usually will start from the mirror who work on down to the sink and
Literally takes me a couple minutes
If you ever had that surprise guests coming over
You will want to have these in your bathroom because you'll be like Oh
Give me just a minute wipe everything down and it's perfectly clean
I'm gonna rinse it and then I'm gonna hang this right here
And then let it dry and it's ready to use for the next time so hope you have a great day. Thanks. Bye