Hey guys, it's Clara from Online Fabric Store
Many people swear these crocheted kitchen scrubbers are better than anything store-bought
Our nylon netting is super popular to make these scrubbies
You can also use tulle, but the texture of the netting is ideal for scrubbing pots and pans.
They last a surprisingly long time, they don't scratch and you can wash them in the top rack of your dishwasher.
So let's get started
The materials you'll need are: Nylon, netting, a 10 millimeter size N crochet hook, and a rotary cutter and mat or scissors
No prior crocheting experience is needed to make this easy scrubby
Since it's hard to see the stitches when using the netting I'm first going to demonstrate with yarn
Make a slipknot by creating a ring with the yarn then move the yarn behind the circle
Take the crochet hook and pull the yarn through the circle. Tighten the yarn around the hook
Hold the hook in your right hand
I hold the yarn so it's going over my index finger and between the index and middle fingers
The first step is to chain four
This is the most basic crocheting stitch
Move the hook to the left of the yarn and go under so the yarn is looped around it
This is called a yarn over. Pull this loop through the loop already on the crochet hook
Repeat this three more times. It helps to hold the work between your left thumb and middle or index finger
To make this chain into a circle put the hook through the first stitch
Yarn over and pull the yarn through both loops on the hook.
This is called a slip stitch. You should now have a small circle
Next chain three like before.
Now I'm going to show you the double crochet
Yarn over, put the hook through the circle, catch the yarn with the hook on the other side and pull it back through the circle
You should now have three loops on the hook. Yarn over and pull the yarn through the first two loops
Yarn over again and pull it through the two remaining loops. That is one double crochet
Repeat this ten more times
Counting the chain-3 you should now have a total of 12 spokes coming out of the center circle
To complete the round do a slip stitch
Put the hook through the top stitch of the chain 3
It looks best to go through the front and back loops of the stitch so it will look like there are 3 loops on the hook
Yarn over and pull through all the loops
Chain 3 to start the next round
We're going to do two double crochets in each stitch, which will create a total of 24 spokes
Yarn over then go through the front and back loops of the first stitch
After one double crochet is complete go through the first stitch again to do the second double crochet of the round
Repeat until you have twenty-four double crochets including the chain 3
Slip stitch through the top chain stitch to complete the round
Cut the yarn and pull it through the final loop to finish this side
Repeat these steps to create another circle for the other side, which I've already done.
On the 2nd circle, leave the last stitch on the hook. Put the two circles back to back
Push the hook through the front and back loops of the first stitch of each of the circles
Yarn over and pull back through the stitches
With two loops on the hook yarn over and pull through both. Repeat until you get back to the beginning
Cut the yarn and pull it through the final loop
You would normally weave in the ends of the yarn, but I'll leave them since this is just practice
Time to move on to the nylon netting. Fold the netting in half a few times
Using a rotary cutter and mat cut off the uneven end then cut the netting into 2-inch strips
You can do this with scissors, but the rotary cutter is easier
Cut eight to ten strips, which is about half a yard
Create a slip knot at the end of one of the strips
I find it helps to twist it before knotting. I'm using a size N crochet hook but you can go smaller or larger
Start by chaining four
Slip stitch to make a circle and start the first round by chaining three
Double crochet into the center until there are 12 spokes including the first chain
The netting is harder to work with and the stitches aren't defined like they are with the yarn
It takes a little getting used to so don't worry if your first couple tries look uneven and messy
Slip stitch to finish the round
When you get to the end of a strip simply knot it with another strip
When you get to the knot make sure it's on the back of the work
Chain 3 and double crochet two into each stitch
It's hard to pick out individual stitches so you can just double crochet into the opening between spokes
Double crochet 24 times counting the chain three
Slip stitch to join the round
When you have two circles trim all the ends of the netting.
You don't have to wave them in since they'll be on the inside
Place the circles back to back. Put the hook through the first gap on the front and back
Yarn over and pull back through.
Since it's hard to see the stitches you can go through the gaps on the second round instead of the actual stitches
Yarn over again and pull through the two remaining loops on the hook
Work all the way around
It does take a little while to get used to working with netting and to get the tension consistent
But the more times you do it the faster and easier it gets
When finished cut the netting and pull it through the last loop
Insert the hook through the center and out near the tail of the netting.
Hook the netting and pull it out through the center
Pull it tight and cut so it's hidden inside
That completes the scrubby
There are many other ways to crochet scrubbies with different combinations of stitches. You can also use different colors for each round
So make some for your friends your family and yourself. I hear they sell very well at craft fairs. Thanks for watching this OFS project