Welcome back to another cooking video, I’m
Chef Devaux.
Today I’m going to teach you something amazingly
simple.
I am going to show you guys how make something,
but before we get started I just wanted to
say something.
I understand a lot of you are foodies or food
lovers, and you probably have your own food
blogs.
If you don’t, an opportunity came across
my desk to collaborate with a bunch of other
food channels and Squarespace.com, a place
to create your own websites professionally
and simply.
I thought this was a great opportunity for
both me and you, for me to collaborate with
a bunch of other food channels, and for you
to create a food blog if you are interested.
If you’re interested in getting a food blog
then you can get a free trial and 10% off
by going to Squarespace.com/food.
You enter your promo code which is Food.
There will be a link in the description below.
Basically what I am going to be doing with
these other food channels is changing the
motto of Squarespace from a better website
that starts with you to a better website that
starts with your food.
We also will create videos just about simple
stuff or inspired by Squarespace.
This is going to be my video, I’m going
to get going now and at the end of this video
you can check out all their other videos by
clicking on the link below.
Let’s get going, you start off by taking
a bunch of chilies and just removing them
because you only need one.
You cut it in half but leaving on the stalk
part of it, then you just turn it and cut
that in half again.
That will leave you with four pieces and all
connected to the top part of the chili.
Now what you want to do is you want to take
a very sharp knife and drag just the tip of
it through each of these four parts you just
cut, to cut them again in half, to create
eight petals.
You have to be very careful not to damage
the other ones or cut through the inner part
of the chili.
Drag it through very carefully and very precisely.
There we go, that’s all been cut.
Now you just take this and you put it into
ice cold water, just like this.
This is going to take about 30 to 40 minutes
to happen, so here we’re going to just fast-forward
to now.
Okay, what’s going to happen is the water
is going to enter the inner chili cells and
they are going to engorge with water and expand,
the skin is going to remain the same.
This pushes the leaves outwards, or the petals
outwards, just like this.
What you are seeing takes literally 30 to
40 minutes.
Once it’s done that’s basically it, the
fire bloom is done.
Then you literally just pull it out of the
water and just put it to one side.
I call it a fire bloom because I asked my
Facebook fans what they thought it should
be called and the highest voted suggestion
was fire bloom, made by fan Panmata Von Blade.
Thank you very much Panmata, I really appreciate
your input.
If you guys want to also vote something up
next time or see photos before the video comes
out, then go like the Facebook page.
You can check it out by searching MakeSushi1
on Facebook.
This is the end of the video, I hope you enjoyed
this very short quick tutorial.
One little tip is do not touch your face or
hands, anything up here once you have cut
the chilies.
It will burn.
With what I said before, I was thinking a
lot of you probably have food blogs already,
if you do I would love to look at them or
see them or just check them out.
Write down below the link to your food blog
if you have one.
If you don’t then don’t worry, maybe write
down the link to the food blog you love the
most, just say it isn’t yours if it isn’t
yours.
Thanks for watching, I hope you enjoyed this
and see you next week.
Oh wait, wait, wait – hold it, hold it!
Don’t forget to subscribe to my channel
by clicking on the top left corner of your
screen, and last but not least, check out
all my other videos by clicking on the right.
Okay, thanks for watching.
See you guys next week.
END