Hey y'all, it's Rosie from I Heart Recipes and
in this video, I'm going to show you how
to make a semi-homemade coconut cake. So
to get started, you will need a box of
white cake mix. I'm going to be using all
of the ingredients on the back of the
box that it asks you to use, except for
the water. I'm going to replace the water
with coconut milk. So let's open up our
package here, and let's sprinkle the cake
mix into a large mixing bowl. And you
will see that the mix has lumps in it,
that's going to happen with all brands.
All you have to do is either sift out
the lumps or you can whisk it. I'm going
to whisk using my little whisker here, or
you can use a fork, whatever works
for you. Next, we're going to grab my
coconut milk, and make sure you use 100%
coconut milk. If you use some cheaper
brands, it will just be like water and
coconut flavoring, so try to buy real
coconut milk. So let's pour that in there,
and then we are going to start adding in
our vegetable oil at this time. And
followed by the vegetable oil, I'm going
to start adding in my eggs. And with cake
mix, or should I say with white cake mix, you
can use just egg whites or the whole egg.
I'm using whole. So now we're going to
start adding in my coconut flavoring, and
once that's in there, I'm going to mix
until well combined. But don't over mix
your cake mix. And then we're going to
start transferring our cake batter into
our cake pans. And make sure that you do
spray your cake pans with baking spray
prior to pouring the batter in. So at
this time, your oven should be preheated
on 350. We're going to bake our cakes for
about 25 to 30 minutes. And don't forget
to subscribe to my YouTube channel if
you haven't already, and turn on those
notifications. If you want the recipe for
this cake, it can be found on my blog,
IHeartRecipes.com. So once the cakes
were done, I let them cool completely, and
I whipped up a homemade coconut
buttercream frosting. That recipe for the
frosting is on my blog, IHeartRecipes.com
as well. So let's just frost the cakes
however you want. And then once we're
done frosting, we're going to start
sprinkling on some sweetened coconut or
shredded coconut,
coconut flakes, whatever you want to use.
And once you're done doing that, you know
what, you just let this cake sit for
about 20 to 30 minutes and then you are
ready to serve! I want to take you off
for watching. Again, don't forget to head
over to my blog, IHeartRecipes.com to
print out this recipe; the cake and the
buttercream will be there, and subscribe
to my channel if you haven't already!