Hi everyone.
I'm in my bedroom right now and I'm sitting
next to my nightstand and I'm going to show
you exactly how I organized my nightstand,
what I keep inside, and just how I make everything
easily accessible.
So if I need something before I go to sleep
or in the middle of the night, I know where
everything is and it's not a problem to grab
it or not like shuffling around and stuff.
So let me show you exactly what I do here.
OK.
So the very first thing I do at the top of
the nightstand is I protect the nightstand
so it doesn't get scratched and I do that
by putting felt pads to the bottom of every
single thing that sits on top of the nightstand
so like the alarm clock, the lamp, the phone,
and then the candle.
And you can just get - you could like make
your own adhesive felt pads by getting a sheet
of felt from the craft store and cutting squares
or cutting circles and then just putting them
at the bottom of something or you could just
get felt pads at the Dollar Store.
They're always there whenever I go.
OK.
So next thing I do is I have an adhesive cord
clip that just like sticks to the back of
a nightstand that holds my phone charger in
place.
So it holds it up so the charger doesn't actually
fall behind the nightstand when the phone
is unplug from the charge.
And it's brown so it matches the color of
the furniture.
It doesn't like stick out because it's white
or pink or something.
So yeah, so that is nice.
And then also, when I was looking for a lamp
for the nightstand, I bought so many different
lamps before I finally settled on this one.
And one of the things that I wish I would
have known before I did all this lamp shopping
is to find a lamp that has a cord that attaches
from the bottom of the lamp itself like a
lot of lamps are liked the cord hang from
the top part and then when you walk into the
bedroom, the first thing you would see or
the first thing I saw was the cord that hang
down.
So if you're lamp shopping, one tip for you
is to find a lamp that the cord is from the
bottom and not hanging from the top because
then it dangles and then you see it.
OK.
So that's just little like cosmetic thing.
But yeah, that's everything on top of the
nightstand.
Let me show you what's inside the drawers.
OK.
So let me show you what's inside the first
drawer.
OK.
So the first thing I do here is I have two
organizers.
These are just normal desk office or kitchen
organizers and they are puttied down so they
don't move.
So if I open this drawer really hard, they're
not going to slide back because of the Museum
Putty that's on the bottom of them.
That's why I love Museum Putty.
All right.
So let me quickly show you what's inside here.
So, I have foot cream, a VapoRub, lip balm,
lotion, Vaseline in this little cute travel
size.
I think this is like a new size.
I came across that recently.
Head medication in a travel size bottle, a
flashlight so in case of power outages or
in the middle of the night, and then I have
a highlighter.
So I always highlight books whenever I'm reading
them.
I always highlight the things I want to remember
so I keep that because I like to read in bed
sometimes.
I have a bookmark, two pens, and I have some
sticky notes down here in case I want to write
something down like in case some kind of inspirational
thought or some kind of idea comes to mind,
I can just jot it down right here.
There is ponytail holder and then there is
a pack of tissues.
OK.
So the second drawer right here has some of
the bigger things.
Like there is not really an organizer inside
just because there are big things and it's
a small drawer.
So let me show you what's inside.
OK.
So the second drawer here, I have an eye mask
to keep the light out, and then this is - it's
a different type of eye mask that you can
put it in a microwave or you can put it in
a freezer and then put it over your eyes and
it's like such a great feeling.
I always microwave that and it just - if you
have a headache, it feels nice.
And then this is the same thing as this but
it's for your neck.
And so again, you can microwave it or you
can freeze it and it will just make your neck
feel great and it's great if you have any
kind of pain in your body.
So I love these things.
They also smell like lavender and I got it
from the grocery store.
It's made by Earth Therapeutic.
It's just really nice.
OK.
So that's that drawer.
OK.
So moving on down here, so down here, I have
two baskets.
So before I show you what's inside the baskets,
let me just tell you a quick furniture tip.
If you are in a market for any type of furniture
in your house and you are the type of person
who gets bothered by seeing wires hanging
like I do then make sure you get a furniture
with a backing behind it so the wires will
hang behind the backing and it's not visible.
So like this nightstand here, it's open from
like here all the way to the back so I can
just look back and I can see the wall and
I can also see the wires that hang down, so
annoying.
So I didn't realize this until after I got
the nightstand.
So make sure you find - you get furniture
that has a backing if you're bothered by wires.
So how I'm solving the problem of seeing the
wires is putting baskets right here to kind
of cover the back of it.
And so now, I can't really see the wires.
OK.
So let me show you what's inside this basket.
So the first thing I did was find a basket
with a nice liner so I cannot stand baskets
that don't have liners because sometimes the
thread or the fabric gets snagged or pulls
and then it's like destroyed.
So whenever I get a basket, I always get a
nice liner and plus it's just like softer
to reach in and grab something.
OK.
So that's the first thing I did here.
So let me show you what's inside.
I have fuzzy socks right here.
So a lot of times in the middle of the night,
my feet get cold or before I go to sleep,
I forget to get socks so it's nice to not
be able to get out of bed but just reach into
this basket and grab fuzzy socks and then
to just fold them, all I do is just ball them
together.
Grab the socks just like that and then just
go just like that and just make them into
a ball just like that.
All right.
And then I have a heating pad for whenever
I'm having pain or something.
It's just right here by the bed.
And then inside this little baggy, I have
a dust rug.
So, one of the things that I cannot stand
to be dusty is the nightstand.
I really dust my nightstand like every day
or every other day because dust on the nightstand
just bothers me.
It's like right by your face.
It's right by where you go to bed.
So having a dust rug nice and convenient right
here is nice and then I'll just swap out the
dust rug whenever it gets dirty and it's time
to wash it.
But yeah, it stays in here so nothing else
gets dusty.
I do the same thing inside my closet because
I cannot stand when my closet gets dusty either.
All right.
And then on the bottom of the basket, I have
felt pads so again, nothing is going to get
scratched when you like slide the basket.
And then when I was organizing this, I was
like standing afar and looking at these two
baskets here and I was thinking, "Oh, I can
see the stuff inside that kind of bothers
me."
So I thought, "Well OK, maybe I'll get lids,
maybe I'll get baskets with lids instead."
But then I realized that the lid is not very
functional and it's nice to just be able to
just reach in and grab something without having
to take it all out and then grab something.
So I was just like completely mixed with the
lid.
OK.
So in the second basket right here, I just
have bottles of water so if I wake up in the
middle of the night and I need water for whatever
reason, I don't want to have to go downstairs
and wake up Ed or wake up Mojo.
Everything is just like right here.
I can just grab it and then whenever the water
bottles get lower.
I just come back and I refill it right here.
OK.
So at the bottom of the nightstand, I just
have this cord box or it just like contains
all the cords inside so it doesn't look like
there are cords everywhere like everything
is just like inside the box.
So yeah, it's just nice because when you walk
inside the room, my nightstand is like the
first thing you see besides the bed.
And so when you see cords everywhere, it just
kind of looks messy and it just - as a perfectionist,
it just doesn't look very nice.
So hiding the wires inside the box is nice.
OK.
So that's everything that I want to show you
inside my nightstand and just tell you like
how to make things accessible and how to organize
your nightstand.
I hope you found this video helpful.
If you want more tips or if you want to sign
up for my free video series, you can go over
to my website, Alejandra.TV and I'll see you
there.
Thanks for watching and I'll see you soon.
Bye!
3