Hey y'al, it's Rosie from IHeartRecipes.com.
In this video, I'm going to show you
how I make southern fried - or oven southern
fried chicken. So this was requested
during one of my Instagram videos, and
I'm just going to show you how I make
my oven fried chicken. So 
first things first, I have 
some legs and thighs in here. I did brine
it overnight in a sugar and salt
solution, very easy stuff. If you want the
recipe for the brine that I did use,
you can find the link close to the video.
If you're watching this on YouTube, there
will be a link in the description off to
the brine, as well as the exact
measurements for the chicken that I'm
about to make. If you're watching it on
Facebook, there will be links there as
well. Do if you don't want to use
basic thighs, you can certainly use whatever
pieces that you want to use. If anything,
it may change the cooking time just a
tad bit. So the first thing we want to do
is, we want to grab some hot sauce. You
can use whatever hot sauce you want to use.
I'm just going to use the first bottle
that I grabbed out of my cabinet. And I
have so many different hot sauces that I
like to use y'all, like for real. I have one
that I like to use chicken, I have one
that I like to use for fish, I have one
that I can use for Mexican food. I have a
lot of sauce. So I like to use a mild hot
sauce, but if you like your chicken
like, super spicy, do you. Again, use
whatever hot sauce you want to use. With
the hot sauce, we are going to need an
egg. What I'm going to do is just mix the
hot sauce and an egg together until well
combined. Okay, so once this is well
combined we're going to grab our chicken.
And now I'm going to just pour this all
over the chicken so that the chicken is nicely
coated with the hot sauce and egg
mixture there. Because that's one to help
our breading stick to it, 
and of course the hot sauce
adds lots of flavor. This is nice
coated. What I'm going to do now is
just set this to the side. and I'm actually
going to grab this and get it out of my
way. For this part, I just have a cookie sheet.
You can use a brown paper bag, you
can also use plastic bags. I'm out of
those, so using this. So I have
all-purpose flour. I also have some plain
breadcrumbs and now, we're going to start adding
our seasonings. So I'm going to use my
favorite seasoning salt, and I want a
nice amount of seasoning salt.
And don't forget, if you want the exact
measurements for this recipe, head over to
my blog IHeartRecipes.com. You
can print it out from there. I'm also
going to use poultry seasoning. If you
don't have poultry seasoning, you can use
a little bit of ground sage and ground thyme, you
know, that's all poultry seasoning really
is. It's ground thyme, ground rosemary, let me
see, a little bit of nutmeg
I said thyme already, sage, and then
another one I can never pronounce.
So, after that we're going to grab
the garlic powder, and we're also going
to use onion powder.
We're just going to use a fork to make
sure all the seasons are in there and
everything is just mixed, to be honest
with you. You could use a wisk if you
want. All of my wisks are 
apparently in the dishwasher, 
otherwise I'd be using that.
Oh my god, I'm like out of everything. Paper bags,
plastic bags. Been cooking a lot, y'all.
We're going to snatch up one of these thighs here.
You're just going to coat it.
And we're going to do this to all other
pieces of chicken, okay. We just make sure
it's nicely coated, front and back. Any
excess, just set it to the side. So once
you're done coating it, let me show you
what we're going to cook our chicken on
top of: a cookie sheet and a cooling rack.
Cookie sheet, cooling rack, right there.
And this is going to do the trick,  
you don't need anything fancy.
Actually, before we set this
chicken on here, we're going to oil the
cooling rack, otherwise the chicken will
stick to the cooling rack and we don't want
that. So I just have my oil in my little
spritz bottle, you can find these sprtiz
bottles anywhere. The oil that I'm using
is peanut oil, but of course, you can use
whatever oil you want to use. And I want
to just make sure that it is nicely
coated. Shake off that excess and just
put it on, and I'm just going 
to continue doing that to 
all other pieces of chicken. FYI, in the
ingredients, you will see black pepper
listed. The seasoning salt that I use
already has black pepper in it, that's
why you didn't see me add it on camera.
Just thought I'd let you guys know. Okay,
so the chicken is all nice and coated
with our flour, seasoning, and breadcrumb
mixture. What we're going to do now is grab
our oil, and we're just going to saturate
the chicken. Remember, this is oven fried
chicken. And yes, my finger is tired.
This is probably my least favorite step
because it really tires out my little
chubby fingers. So I'm almost done
spraying all the chicken. What we're
going to do once we're done doing this side,
we're going to flip it on over and
spray the other side as well. Skay so the
chicken is good to go. We're going to
place it in the oven. Well I'm going to
wait a while because I have my dressing
in the oven. Now if you haven't watched
my cornbread dressing video yet, go ahead
and do so. That's what's cooking right
now. Once that's done, I'm going to turn
the heat up to from 350 which it's on
right now; we're going to turn it to 400
and we are going to cook this chicken
until it's nice, golden, and crisp. Alright
so the chicken is fresh out of the oven,
y'all. This is my oven fried chicken.
Super-easy, as you see, we 
didn't use a whole lot of
fancy ingredients - we didn't use any
fancy ingredients, just basic stuff. So
yeah, if you want the exact measurements,
head over to my blog IHeartRecipes.com.
It will be available there, you
can print it out for free. And make sure
that you are subscribed to my YouTube
channel, turn on those notifications, and
also follow me on Instagram and Facebook.
See y'all soon.