No colour is more refreshing and easy to style
as white!
But do you fear that your whites won’t survive
a day out & about?
Here are some tricks to keep your whites looking
good as new, all day long!
A lot of times, there can be an
invisible layer of dust or water
where you’re about to sit.
Even the smallest amount of dust, can accumulate
on your whites and leave an outline on your
pockets and seam lines and these are tuff
to get rid off.
So make sure to use a tissue to 
wipe the surface clean.
Avoid wearing tight or fitted white clothes,
if you expect to be in a sweaty situation.
This will leave your whites with stubborn,
 yellow sweat stains.
Opt for loose & breezy outfits instead.
These will help you stay sweat-free 
and cool all day.
We love our whites to be clean & crisp.
However, before you iron any of your white beauties,
be sure to check the back of
your iron, for any stains or burns.
These might end up sticking to or staining your whites
and are almost impossible to get rid off.
We are all for kurtis & palazzos for the summer.
The only downside of these beauties, is how
the hem always tends to get dirty
when it brushes the floor.
A last minute fix for this, is to opt for heels
or comfy wedges instead of flats.
Hate getting makeup stains on your clothes?
Here’s how your napkin can come in handy.
Tuck a corner of the napkin at your neckline.
The napkin will protect your t-shirt, from
getting stained while you take it off.
Also, avoid makeup around the neck area, especially
any transferable cream or powder,
to keep any makeup stains at bay!
White, being a neutral, has the ability to
go well with almost anything in your wardrobe.
Layering whites can be tempting, but it’s
definitely not the best idea.
New, un-washed clothes or even dark colors,
may stain a white garment by rubbing against it.
As simple as it may sound, you should never
apply nail polish with a white outfit on.
Nail polish stains are extremely stubborn.
It’s most likely you’ll have to get rid
of that outfit altogether.
While wearing white may come with a
 couple of do’s and don’ts,
it's also one of the easiest colours to 
launder back to its original condition.
Hope these tips get you to rock your
 whites, more often than ever!
Until next time, stay tuned & stay Glamrs!