Jen Hansard: Hey, there.
It's Jen from Simple Green Smoothies and co-author
of the book Simple Green Smoothies, and today,
I want to help you fuel your passion and boost
your immune system with this delicious green
smoothie recipe.
All right.
We're going to use 1-1/2 cups fresh spinach.
We're also going to do a 1/4 cup of parsley
and a 1/4 cup of celery.
And then, we're going to add in a whole lemon
and, also, a whole cucumber.
And then, finish it off with some ginger and
3 cups of mango.
Today, I'm using my Vitamix Pro 300 Series,
and we are going to use it to fill it up with
our spinach, which is a great leafy green
for your body.
Then, we're going to add in a 1/4 cup of celery.
I'm using celery that has the stalks on it
and the leaves, too, and that's totally fine.
This is a green smoothies, so the more greens
we can get, the better.
So a 1/4 cup is about a small handful.
Then, we're going to do our 1/4 cup of parsley.
Try to stick with the florets or the leaves,
the greens on the top, and don't go for the
stems because they're more bitter.
All right, so we've added our leafy greens.
Now, we're going to put in the water.
And depending on the blender you're using,
if it's a lower-powered one, you would want
to blend right now.
So the next step for you is to blend.
But if you're using a high-powered blender,
we can continue adding in ingredients at the
same time.
So we're going to move onto our cucumber.
And, for this, we're going to peel it.
It's one cucumber.
And the reason I peel it is because there's
a waxy coat on most cucumbers, and I don't
want wax in my green smoothie.
Cucumber is super hydrating, which is good
for your skin.
It's also good for your digestive system to
help push things through.
And when you're sick or feeling under the
weather, you need your body to be working
fast and efficiently.
And the more fiber, the more hydration, the
better you're going to feel.
All right.
Next I'm going to just chop off the ends and
then do a couple chunks.
The blender's going to do the rest of the
work, but we want at least chop it up a little
bit to make it easier.
All right, the next step is we are going to
add our lemon.
We're doing a whole lemon, but we are going
to peal it and so, I'm going to do it just
by cutting around the edges.
Lemons also have pith on it, which I've talked
about before in my videos, and the pith is
the white part of the citrus fruit that actually
has the highest amount of vitamin C in it.
Vitamin C is great for boosting your immune
system and helping keep your body strong.
So that's exactly what we need to be doing
right now if we're not feeling great.
All right.
And there are seeds in the lemon.
If you're using a standard blender, you can
actually pull them out.
I'm just going to put them straight into the
Vitamix and let it do its work that way.
All right, the next ingredient is our ginger.
So ginger root comes like this in the grocery
store.
If you see a giant piece, don't feel like
you have to buy the whole thing.
Go ahead and break it off.
You can do this and then just check out with
the amount that you actually need.
And to peel it, I use the back of a spoon
and just gently scrape it and it peels off
the skin, or the outer surface, just like
tissue paper, and then that helps with texture.
We just need 1 tablespoon or it's about 1/2"
of ginger.
Which is not a lot.
Because ginger is very potent it also has
a ... It's a burning flavor in it, which helps
you sweat out toxins.
So if you were to eat a piece of ginger, it
would immediately make you sweat and release
those toxins in your body that are causing
you to be sick in the first place.
So we're going to add our tablespoon of ginger,
and then the last thing we're going to do
is put in our mango.
So the mango is high in fiber.
It's also high in sugars, which makes it really
delicious and it makes it a smoothie that
you would actually want to look forward to
drinking again and again.
When you're sick, you need to be craving the
foods that are good for you.
That's why we do this with our mango-ginger
boosting smoothie.
All right.
Now that we have all of our ingredients, we're
going to put them in the blender and turn
this baby on and see what it can do.
All right.
It smells delicious.
And I have two cups here; one is for me to
drink right now because, I don't know if you
can tell but I am under the weather.
I have a cold and I am making this smoothie
for me.
So I really do practice what I preach because
this is how I'm going to get better naturally,
and let it do its thing.
So this smoothie actually makes three servings
pretty much, because we have a whole separate
smoothie here.
So feel free to put it in another cup, give
it to your kids, whoever needs it, but just
spread the love and enjoy this immune-boosting
green smoothie recipe.
If you liked this video and would love more
of them, or more recipes from me, please sign
up for our free seven-day green smoothie challenge
right over here and I will give you seven
more green smoothie recipes that are full
of natural vitamins that are going to keep
your immune system strong, keep your taste
buds happy, and keep you doing this over and
over again, so that you can knock colds out
quickly.
All right.
I would love for you to subscribe to our video
channel, so hit subscribe.
And also, if you could leave a comment below
or ask us a question, tell anything that you're
wondering about; I would love to help you
on your wellness journey.
So leave a comment below and we'll get back
to you soon.
All right, bye.