We're making a heavenly fruit salad,
Citrus Ambrosia, today on
Weekend at the Cottage.
I'm going to show you how to make a citrus
Ambrosia, but, if you're looking for
overly sweetened coconut, out of the can
whip cream, or heaven forbid, mini
marshmallows, you've come to the wrong
place. Instead, we're going to work on a
recipe that has its roots in the late
1800s in the southern USA.
This is truly heavenly! We're going to
start with the garnish. I have a baking
tray, parchment-lined,  1/2 cup of
coconut flakes. They're unsweetened.
I'm going to place them into that 250 degree,
preheated, oven and toast them up until
they're just slightly browned.  Our next
step is to make the salad dressing.
I have 1/2 a cup of plain yogurt.
I'm using a goat's milk yogurt. If you've
never tried it, please do.
Then we add,
1 tbsp of pure Canadian maple syrup and
then, finally, I'm adding an unusual ingredient,
Cardamom Bitters. Bitters are a bit of a
rage right now and you can find them at
specialty stores or liquor purveyors.
I think the cardamom bitters add a
wonderful flavour to this citrus salad.
Add a few sprinkles of the cardamom bitters.
Stir everything up and then set the
dressing to the side. Now, we're going to
make the actual salad and it's all about
the citrus. I'm starting with tangerine.
Peel the tangerine, take off the pith and,
because the segments are so small, I just
toss them into a medium-sized bowl. Now
we're onto a blood-orange.  A little tough
to find but the flavour is so wonderful.
Ultimately, it's all of the colour. I have a
sharp knife. I'm going to cut off the
peel all the way down the sides.
Check out this glorious flesh. The orange
itself is a bit tart. Doesn't matter.
I cut it up into small segments. Toss them
into the bowl. Now we're onto an overly
sweetened orange. I have a navel orange.
Same thing, sharp knife, cut off the peel.
Cut into segments. Put it into a bowl.
My last fresh fruit component is the
glorious pink grapefruit. I always
purchase seedless. There's a tip!
Cut off the peel. Trim it down to section sizes.
Add that to the bowl.
Give the citrus salad a stir before
for you squeeze the juice of 1/2 of a lime
and then add about 1/2 of the
quantity of the dressing on the salad.
Stir again and now we're on to
transferring the salad into small little
fruit bowls. Once your fruit salad is in
presentation bowls, a little drizzle of
the dressing and then look at this
a shaving of fresh nutmeg. One more layer
of this beautiful flavouring and then,
finally, a sprinkling of that toasted
coconut.
When this is ready to be presented, I
know you and your guests will be just
like me and agree, this delicious, healthy
salad is truly heavenly. I hope you try
this recipe at home, along with all of
the others that we have up at
 
Don't forget to subscribe to our website
subscribe to our YouTube channel
Make sure you leave comments on our YouTube videos
and then, also, look for us on your
favourite social media feeds:
Pinterest, Instagram, Facebook and Twitter.
One final request, please tell all your friends
about us as well!
We'd love if they'd also drop by for a
visit. Thanks so much. Hope to see you
again soon. Take care.