There are thousands of tips and psychological
techniques to help you feel happy and learn
to rejoice each day.
But what if our own body had a say in the
matter?
Here are some findings from neuroscientists
— the people who know exactly when and why
your brain can give you the feeling of total
satisfaction!
The first tip is our favorite – it’s helpful
and very easy-to-do.
#8.
Engage in pleasant expectations
The process of waiting for something nice,
such as food or sex, is similar to the learned
salivation response.
Our brain experiences pleasure by simply anticipating
the fun event.
That’s why we’re so fond of counting the
hours and minutes to some particular moment
— be it a birthday or a wedding, a meeting
with a friend, or just an end to a long working
day.
#7.
Solve problems one at a time
Our brain never stops searching for solutions
to every problem that worries us.
This takes a lot of energy, so whenever the
brain gets tired, and the problem remains
unresolved we feel anxiety and irritation.
On the other hand, for every right decision,
our brain rewards itself with a dose of neurotransmitters
that calm the limbic system and help us once
again see the world in a better light.
Therefore, you need to try to deal with one
problem at a time.
#6.
Don’t keep things pent up: talk about what
bothers you
The processes of wordlessly going through
something unpleasant and talking about your
predicament involve making use of different
parts of the brain.
In the latter case, negative emotions have
a lesser impact on your well-being.
It is, therefore, advisable not to keep your
problems pent up.
Whenever you talk about them, your brain triggers
the production of serotonin and even manages
to find some positive sides to the situation.
#5.
Touch and embrace
To us, humans, social interaction is important.
Various forms of physical support, especially
touch and embraces, can speed up a person’s
recovery from an illness.
If you remove physical interaction from your
life, the brain perceives its absence the
way it perceives physical pain: the same brain
zones become activated in both instances.
This, in turn, triggers the processes that
affect your mood and contribute to the development
of depression.
#4.
Learn, learn, and, once again, learn!
For the brain, acquiring new knowledge means
permanent adaptation to a changing environment.
Using this process, our brain develops, rewarding
its own attempts to absorb and process new
information with dopamine, the hormone of
joy.
If you want to be happy, don’t be afraid
to try something new, to change your surroundings,
to learn new things.
#3.
Play sports
Physical activity is stress for the body.
As soon as the stress ends, your body gets
a reward: a dose of endorphins, released by
the pituitary gland.
The effect is similar to that of opiates (e.g.,
morphine), which reduces pain and elevate
the mood.
You don’t need to run marathons to achieve
this result — even a regular walk can do
wonders!
Incidentally, many writers and composers consider
taking walks an indispensable part of the
creative process.
#2.
Always try to get a good sleep
Start using a sleep mask.
As long as your brain thinks it's nighttime,
it keeps on sleeping.
While we sleep in the dark, our body secretes
the hormone melatonin.
This hormone slows down all processes in the
body, helping it to recover and increasing
the level of serotonin in the hypothalamus.
If the brain detects a change in lighting,
it triggers the release of the stress hormone
to awaken the body quickly.
Therefore, it is important to sleep 6-8 hours
a day and only in darkened environments.
#1.
Learn to say "Thank you"
When we say a person, or even fate, for something,
we focus ourselves on the positive aspects
of life.
Pleasant memories trigger serotonin production
in the anterior cingulate cortex.
This technique is often used for treating
depression.
Don’t forget to hit the like button below
the video and share it with those friends
who are having a hard time.
They might find this video very helpful!
To stay on the Bright Side of life, click
subscribe.