Hey guys, how's it going so this video is going to be pretty short because I'm just working on one project this evening
It's 101 degrees outside right now, and I'm already beading up sweat even though I haven't started to work
So this is going to be interesting. But the area I'm working on is where our old rose garden used to be
I'm putting in our lavender hedge tonight. This area is a complete mess. Let me turn the camera around and show it to you
So here it is. Actually let me walk over here and show you the other direction
I think you might be able to kind of get a better idea
Direction here. Yeah, that looks a little bit more clear so you can see this walkway right here
Let's see. It starts right here
Leads up to the back Sun porch. This is actually the door that we use a lot though, that leads into our kitchen
Before when the roses were here, they were huge and they reached way out into the walkway
So they would always snag you as you walked by. It just really wasn't an ideal location for roses
Also there's a huge maple tree right here, which shaded
Not this part, this actually is in Sun for a good portion of the day, but the back part isn't
except, like we're kind of getting into late part of the evening and it gets a little tiny bit of Sun but not enough to
Keep roses happy. So I'm hoping that the lavender will be happy on this side. I think it will be. This side gets a
Bit more Sun than the right side
But I want to do lavender starting where there's the Tiny Tot Thujas on each side, arborvitaes, we'll plant the lavender along the walkway
And this this one is capped by another tiny tot and I want to cap this side
I want to cap this side with a tiny tot as well so that it's you know evergreens on either end and
Lavender all the way here. It's kind of awkward because of this area here
The plan is to actually change this entire area
I want to get rid of all of this like the fence and move the lamppost and make it a little bit
More wide and a welcoming entrance and probably put black fencing, if we use fencing, again
Just make it different. So I'm kind of just doing something that's actually not that expensive. Lavender
I bought in four-inch cans so they were just like a few dollars a piece and
So I figured you know
I can plant that and enjoy it for five years and then I could either
Transplant it or just dig it out and put something
else and when I'm ready and then I don't have a ton of money into it
But you guys know how it goes
you have a list
a mile long list of projects and priorities that you want to get done and we actually have to get a new a/c unit put in
Our house next year, you know stuff like that, like the unfun stuff that you have to pay for
So the new entryway will wait. I just want to make it a little bit better than it was
So here's the lavender right here. I have a couple flats of it
This is actually my favorite lavender, but just because I have the most experience with it. It's called Munstead right there
I had a beautiful hedge of Munstead in our old garden
it only grows 12 to 18 inches tall and wide which I thought would be really perfect for this walkway area so it won't get
Huge and overtake, because you guys know there are quite a few lavenders that get massive, which I love them
But this is not the right place for it
And then right behind the lavender you can see I've got a few incredible hydrangeas
Which I showed you in our last garden tour. My thought was to do, let me back up one more time,
My thought was to do the lavender hedge here
I've got a boxwood hedge that's been growing, that leads to our fireplace area
So eventually that'll be a really sharp structure piece right here. I'll have it hedged really sharply
and then if we had this whole area mass planted with incredible hydrangeas
I thought it would be absolutely stunning and we can kind of do the same thing on this side
Which means I might be moving these plants that I just put in but it looks beautiful right now
I mean you guys can see the Ah-Ha. Those are the Tuff Stuff Ah-Ha hydrangeas with the Gold Coast hostas
There's a Crimson Queen Japanese maple and then here are the Hippo Pink's which I'm going to have to move
Let's see
One two three four, maybe five of these which is okay, maybe six and I'll just kind of shift him up around here
Which actually might help finish this area off. It's just been bugging me, you guys. Look at all the drip tubes showing
There's like a pile of junk there
More drip tube, so there's really not a whole lot to planting a lavender hedge
You just want to make sure you have it in an area that's really well draining
They don't like to be sitting in water whatsoever. And I can completely control the water here because I've got drip to this area
So I'm going to run
The drip tubing right up against that lavender right now, but I can eventually move it away
Once the plants are established and that way they won't get quite as much water
You also want to put them in a spot that gets at least
At a bare minimum 6 to 8 hours of Sun and I know that this side right here does get at least 6 hours
I don't think it gets quite 8 the other side probably gets more along the lines of 8
So we'll see how they do if they grow, you know at the same rate or if they get kind of weird
I don't know. It's an experiment
But if you can put them in a spot that gets full-day Sun, like all day long, they would be so happy
The tools I'm going to be using are very simple. I've got my kneeling pad which I'll link down below
This is the best kneeling pad ever
It's like a gel one and it's big which I love this is the little trowel that I use all the time
This one is from gardeners supply. I use this to plant all of my 4-inch annuals, which I plant hundreds of them. So
This comes in really really handy and I've got my gloves and then of course some bio tone starter fertilizer
Which I'll be tossing into each hole
so I just probably rambled on a lot more than I needed to but I just wanted to give you a
Kind of a glimpse of the area and kind of an explanation behind the thought process here. And so now I'm gonna plant
All right guys before I actually get these lavender in the ground
I just wanted to show you how I laid them out just because I have to be pretty precise
Because they are flanking a walkway and I want it to be very formal looking
So I did use a ruler which is something I rarely use out in the garden. They sit 18 inches apart from each other
on center
So from the center of this lavender to the center of this lavender is 18 inches
And then they sit back from the edge of the brick back to the can about a foot
So I just did 12 inches there so I don't care if they kind of grace the sidewalk a little bit
in fact
I think that would be pretty I just didn't want them coming way out into the sidewalk and I wanted to give them plenty of
Room to grow. they also had to line up and from this vantage point you can't tell but they do line up with each other
See if you move down the way they line up perfectly with each other. So I think it should work out perfect
I had one left over
Can you believe that? Oh, I should mention, too, on this side. I went ahead. I'm going to plant three as well
So the lavender hedge will come down this side and it'll turn the corner. I'm going to remove a little bit of this lamium and
I'll plant three right here to kind of join the whole idea together
Oh my gosh you guys don't you just love it it's amazing how much it changed the look of this bed
I cannot wait till it grows and fills in because it will create, like I said, they get about 18 inches wide
Which I actually don't believe that tag. I think they get a little bit wider
So they should come all the way to the brick maybe even over to the edge of the gray concrete
And then, you know equal... equally as white on that side
So they'll take a pretty good portion here and then I'll start in with my Incredibles
Probably just one two three, and then I'll starting with two three, you know, kind of just widen it out
Toward that area over there
And then I did get my three lavender planted right in here
So, I don't know if I spaced those out exactly
I think it looks about right, that little drip tube was kind of in the way
So the only thing I have left to do then is I'm gonna hand water them in tonight
I'm actually not gonna run the drip line
until we have this area a little bit more buttoned up I think, we've been having some guys work on the water systems, some professionals
and they have a little bit more to work on in the box over there
So I don't really want to mess with any drip tubing and mess anything up or get anything in their way
So I'm just gonna hand water it for the next couple of days
And then like I said, I'll be running just one line, one drip tube line behind each
Hedge and then as they establish and kind of grow a little bit more
I'll move the line out a little bit so that the drew water is not directly on them because
Lavender really likes the water or the soil to drain quickly. They don't want to be sitting in water at really any time
So that's pretty much it for today's video
I just wanted to make sure that you guys were seeing the progress of what's going on here
I'm really excited about it excited to make it more
My own and more of my style I guess and I think everything's gonna be evolving anyway
Because we might find out that maybe the hydrangeas won't like as much Sun as it gets on that end of the bed
I don't know, you know, we'll just see how it goes. And that's kind of the fun of it
Try something out if it works awesome. If it doesn't move the plants somewhere else in your garden
But it's just a really exciting project. I'm really glad that we kind of tackled this. It wasn't something
I was thinking we were going to do this year, but
You know, it just happened
So anyway, thank you guys so much for watching this video, and we will see you in the next one. Bye