People have been drinking refreshments that
give them energy for a long period of time.
While today we drink sugary sodas, energy
drinks and vitamin water, a long time ago
there was a drink called switchel. Switchel
is an old beverage that can quench your thirst,
but is also energizing and healthy.
It has gained some popularity recently with
hipsters and health enthusiasts, as people
learn about it's positive characteristics.
Switchel is believed to have been created
in the Caribbean. This was a refreshing drink
that was enjoyed by everyone, regardless of
what social class they were part of how much
money they had.
Once you consider the history of switchel,
it is easy to see why it was so popular. Switchel
of ingredients that help keep you cool and
stay hydrated.
It is easy to make switchel, as it only contains
four ingredients: water, vinegar, sweetener,
and ginger.
Benefits of Drinking Switchel
1. It Restores Electrolytes Electrolytes are
minerals that are present in your body fluids,
like in your blood and in your urine. They
have an electrical charge. Unbelievably, we
need these in our body. These electrical systems
transmit voltage throughout our body to contract
our muscles and signal our nervous system.
Switchel is made largely of apple cider vinegar,
which has many positive health characteristics
of its own. Apple cider vinegar is an excellent
source of Potassium. It also helps to balance
your body's pH levels, keep your blood sugar
levels normal, helps with digestion, protects
your heart, and helps with weight-loss.
Maple syrup, also in switchel, is good for
you as well. It contains Potassium, Calcium,
Magnesium, and Sodium. It alone can help your
body keep the appropriate electrolyte balance
that is needed by your body to function properly
and remain hydrated.
2. It Helps Ease Pain & Inflammation
It is not hard to understand why farmers drank
switchel in the fields. The drink helps with
pain and inflammation. Because it relieves
those uncomfortable symptoms, farmers can
work hard during that day, and the day that
follows.
Switchel is a great drink to consume after
a workout. Because ginger is a main ingredient,
the drink can help with inflammation and pain
relief. An interesting fact about ginger also
is that it helps with other ailments, such
as acne, arthritis, eczema, depression, and
the physical signs of aging.
The active component in ginger is called gingerol.
Gingerol is a pain-reliever as well. Gingerol
can lower cholesterol, improve blood circulation,
reduce blood sugar levels, and ease the symptoms
of indigestion.
How To Make Traditional Switchel
It’s easy to make your own Switchel at home
with these all-natural ingredients:
- 1/2 cup of apple cider vinegar
- 3 tablespoons of pure maple syrup
- 6 ounces of fresh ginger root
- 4 cups of water or club soda
Preparation:
- Grate ginger root (or pass it through a
juicer) until you have about ⅓ of a cup.
- Combine ginger, apple cider vinegar, maple
syrup and water in a large container.
- Stir until the maple syrup has completely
dissolved.
- If you grated the ginger, the bits will
sink to the bottom of the container and this
is perfectly fine.
- Pour over ice for immediate enjoyment or
place the jug in the fridge and let it steep
for 24 hours, stirring again before serving.
- Add a modern twist by including mint leaves
and a tablespoon of fresh lemon or lime juice.
If you like the video, give it a thumbs up
and share it with your friends!
If you want more recipes and tips, subscribe
to the channel!