Hi everybody its Sam from Sugar Spun Run and today
I'm going to show you how to make my favorite big soft oatmeal cookies.
First, we'll start with one cup or two sticks of unsalted butter softened to room temperature.
You'll cream this butter using an electric hand mixer
In this recipe, we use more brown sugar than white sugar, because it makes the cookies extra flavorful,
extra soft, extra chewy, so more brown sugar it is.
Add one cup of brown sugar,
and 1/2 cup of white sugar
Beat until your ingredients are well combined.
Next add two large eggs.
and stir well.
And one and a half teaspoon vanilla extract.
Set your wet ingredients aside, and then you'll combine your dry ingredients
We'll add some all-purpose flour.
Add 1 in 3/4 cup of all-purpose flour.
2 teaspoons of cornstarch. Adding cornstarch helps make the cookies extra soft and chewy
1 teaspoon baking soda.
3/4 teaspoon salt,
and 3/4 teaspoon cinnamon stir these together until they're well combined.
Bring back your wet ingredients.
Gradually add your dry ingredients to your wet ingredients
Fold in the dry ingredients.
Add the remaining dry ingredients
And fold them in as well
And then we'll add our oats.
I use old-fashioned oats, not instant, for this recipe. It gives them these oatmeal cookies the best texture
3 cups of old-fashioned oats
Now I know, nobody likes waiting for dough to chill,
but you're going to want to chill this for 30 minutes. That keeps the dough from spreading and gives you big fat soft oatmeal cookies.
So go ahead and chill this for 30 minutes.
Once your cookie dough has chilled for 30 minutes. Go ahead and pre-heat your oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit
Then you'll drop your cookie dough by about 2 to 3 tablespoons of dough onto a prepared cookie sheet
If your dough is not perfectly round you can use your fingers to round the edges
That way you'll have nice round cookies when they come out of the oven.
Space your cookie dough about two inches apart
Next you'll bake your cookies on 375 degrees for about 10 to 12 minutes or until the edges are lately golden brown.
After 10 to 12 minutes
Your cookies will have golden brown edges
And the center's will still be slightly under baked. Let them finish cooling completely on the cookie sheet,
And they'll finish baking there, and that's it guys. That's how you make big soft oatmeal cookies completely from scratch.