Rust-Oleum's Mirror Effect Spray Paint allows you  
to create your very own mercury glass 
faux finish in just a few easy steps.
In this video, we'll show how to turn ordinary  
mason jars into sophisticated 
mercury glass centerpieces.
Be sure to spray in a well-ventilated area 
and cover the area to protect from overspray.
Before you begin, make sure the 
surface you're painting is clean. 
You can clean with soap and water 
or a household glass cleaner. 
To avoid residual fibers, wipe with a 
microfiber cloth or lint-free cotton. 
An important application feature of this product  
is that you'll be painting 
the inside of the mason jar. 
To prepare, cover the outside of the jar with 
paper, securing the edges with painter's tape. 
Mix 1 part vinegar and 2 parts water into a 
clean spray bottle. Shake to combine the mixture.
For easy blotting, you can create a wand. 
Take an ordinary stir stick 
and fold a paper towel. 
Then wrap the towel around 
the end of the stir stick.
Secure with painter's tape. 
Fray the ends of the paper towel to give 
your mason jar a one-of-a-kind look.
Read all instructions before 
beginning your project.
Once you're ready to paint, shake 
the can vigorously for one to two  
minutes after the mixing ball begins to rattle.
Hold the can 10 to 12 inches from the surface  
and spray a very light coat 
onto the inside of the jar.
It's important to spray light coats 
so that the paint does not drip. 
For best results, make sure to keep 
the spray pattern consistent and light.
Spray a few light spritzes of the vinegar 
solution onto the painted side of the glass.
Once the vinegar solution is applied,  
use the wand to lightly blot the inside of the 
mason jar so that the coating slightly rubs off.
Be sure to vary the blotting around the 
jar to give the jar a unique mercury look.
Apply two to three light coats until you've 
created the desired mercury glass look.
For each coat applied, repeat the 
vinegar solution and blotting steps.
For an added antiqued look, add a 
very thin coat of Ultra Cover 2x  
Flat black on top of the final painted coat.
Allow one to two hours for the jar to dry. 
Once the final coat is completely dry, 
remove the tape and paper from the jar.
Now you can enjoy your new project and show off 
your creative talents at your next gathering.
For additional information 
and how-to videos on a wide  
range of Rust-Oleum products, visit Rust-Oleum.com