In this video I am going to teach you 3 easy
picture tricks that are also a little bit
silly.
They are Shoot the Arrow, Eating Pizza, and
Eating Spaghetti.
To start off with Shoot the Arrow, what you
want to do is get a really good Sleeper.
Then you are just going to stick your yoyo
hand in front of you and make kind of an L
shape with your thumb right here.
Then you are going to pinch the string with
your opposite hand, and pull the string right
through the L. Once you have it setup here,
all you want to do is take aim, and when you
have your shot lined up, you just let it go.
What makes this trick work is obviously you
have to have a very responsive yoyo that comes
back really easily when you pull on it.
That way as long as you have enough spin,
when you release the arrow the yoyo will come
right back up and you get that satisfying
feeling.
Once you have the Arrow down, then you can
move on to Eating Pizza, which is a really
similar trick.
For this one, what you are going to do is
you are going to pinch the string with your
opposite hand.
Then come down here and pinch the string just
above the yoyo with your yoyo hand.
Then insert your thumb where your two fingers
are, and open it up.
You can see that now you have a nice slice
of pizza.
In order to eat the pizza, all you need to
do is, as you take a bite of the pizza, you
can see that the piece shrinks.
To achieve that, all you are going to do is
let the string slide through your fingers
on your yoyo hand a little bit.
You an see that shrinks the piece of pizza.
Do it with the right timing, you know, maybe
add a couple sound effects.
Then you have Eating Pizza.
If that did not satisfy you, you can also
Eat Spaghetti.
That looks like this.
All you are going to do is pinch the string
with your opposite hand, then you are going
to bring it up and pinch it again with your
yoyo hand.
You can see that it makes these little spaghetti
pieces.
Do that a few times so that it looks like
you have a bunch of spaghetti.
Position it right under your mouth, and make
sure to slurp as you drop the yoyo.
And, of course, it gives the impression that
you are pulling the yoyo up to your mouth
like a piece of spaghetti.
If you want to add to this trick, make it
a little bit more fun.
You could always put a little bit of cheese
on it.
Mmmmmm… make sure to wipe, wipe off whatever
sauce you got on your face.
It is a good thing I’m wearing red.
You don’t want to stain your shirt with
marinara.
Those are 3 easy, but also kind of silly,
picture tricks.