Hi! I’m Lisa Krone and I am here with Best
Epicurean on behalf of expertvillage.com and
today we are going to learn how to make tuna
salad. This is one of my son’s favorite
dishes so the first thing that I start out
with is I’ve pre-toasted some bread. He
likes it lightly toasted so I only toasted
it for about a minute. You have a can of drained
tuna. I like to use the one in water, not
in oil because the oil will kind of repel
the mayonnaise instead of accept the mayonnaise.
I’ve already opened the can up and I like
to use this kind of large glass measuring
cup here so that first of all you can see
what I am doing but I also have a good way
to mix it up where I am not crowded, so you
want to give yourself a lot of room, so I’ve
used one can of tuna. I don’t really measure
things out too much but for this much tuna
I use a heaping tablespoon of mayonnaise.
I have this little jar of mayonnaise here
and I use about that much. It’s pretty heaping.
We can always add more but you can’t take
mayonnaise out, so you want to be careful.
The next thing I love to use and this is part
of my secret recipe so you can share with
everyone and it is deal relish, not the sweet
relish but the dill relish. It kind of taste
like a pickle but what it does it gives it
a nice salty little crunch to your tuna salad
and if you don’t have any celery, it is
a great backup plan. The other little secret
that I put in my tuna salad is I love to use
horseradish mustard but any sort of ground
mustard would work just fine as well and I
put that in. The last item that I put in is
I just use a little bit of powdered garlic
and I do like a little sprinkle. You don’t
want to put too much in or you know if you
are making it for kids, they are not going
to like it. All you do is mix it up, like
that and you can see that I have some nice
and creamy. You don’t want it too chunky
and you don’t want it too creamy because
if it is too wet, it will be kind of like
soggy on your sandwich. There it is, I am
just going to take a little test and see what
it taste like. That is delicious. I am just
going to take it, put some on some bread,
spread it out, close my bread and we’ve
got tuna salad and that is how you make a
tuna salad and how you can add it to make
it into a sandwich.