Greetings, my lovelies! Hi, it's Emmy! Welcome back to another, You Made What?!
Today, I'll be making elotes.
So for those of you who are unfamiliar with elotes,
elotes is a Mexican preparation of corn,
that's super simple and wildly popular as a street kind of snack.
So here in Rhode Island, it is the peak of summer and that means fresh corn.
So I've been waiting to make this recipe until we had our corn in, and it's finally in.
All right, so let's go to the kitchen, and I'll show you how to make this.
Oh, and if you like this kind of fun recipes, be sure to subscribe.
All right, let's go make this.
So get yourself some fresh corn and remove the husk.
Then place the ears in some rapidly boiling water and cook for 10 to 15 minutes, or longer, depending on how you like your corn.
So here is my beautiful ear of corn.
I've boiled it -- it's still warm.
We gonna need some palitos,
and palitos are basically just big skewers.
And you are just going to impale our corn cob with the stick.
So this will be the handle for our elote.
Great.
The first ingredient we're going to add is mayonnaise
or "mayonesa."
We're going to generously slather our ear of corn with mayonnaise.
Yum.
Now we're going to add cheese.
Cotija cheese is traditional, but I couldn't find any so I am substituting grated parmesan
which I've heard it has a similar flavor,
and we are going to be very generous with it.
We just gonna cover the whole cob --
now you know why the mayonnaise was so important --
because, not only for flavor, but
it's going to make our cheese stick.
So, next we are going to add a little bit of chili, I'm just using tajin,
which is a store-bought mix of chili and I think it has some lime in there.
And that makes it really colorful.
Yesssss.
(music)
All right, here are our beautiful elotes.
I can't wait to give them a taste.
So, I'm going to give them a squeeze of lime,
before I bite into it.
Oh, it's gonna be great.
Buen provecho!
"Crunch..."
"Crunch..."
Mm mm mm, that is so,
good.
"Crunch, crunch, crunch."
What a great combination of sweet, fresh corn that pop in your mouth
and you get the salty cheese,
the creamy mayonnaise that doesn't taste mayonnaisy at all,
and then you've got the really great, sharp lime in there,
that cuts through all that richness,
and you've got a little bit of chili in there.
It is awesome!
This setting is my new favourite way to eat corn.
It is so good.
"Crunch."
Mm.
And I highly recommend putting a good squeeze of lime on that.
A combination of the sweet corn and the lime together --
incredible.
So this particular style of elotes is called "elotes preparados",
which is a Mexican style.
I believe there's other versions as well.
Let me know in the comments below if you've ever had elotes
or if there are any particular things that you like to have on your corn.
I hope you guys enjoyed that one; I hope you guys learned something;
and don't forget to like, leave me a comment, and subscribe;
and I'll see you in my next one.
Toodle-oo!! Take care! Bye!
So I'm gonna add a generous amount of that.
And then we're going to add some chamoy.
Chamoy is a fruity kind of sour-sweet
Nyam, nyam, nyam, nyam....