Welcome to "Ape Amma" youtube channel.
Today I'm going to make the caramel pudding answering some of the questions I received.
questions many people asked me was that when the caramel is turned upside down,
the caramel is stuck to the bowl without mixing with the pudding.
Today I'll be providing the answer for that.
These are the ingredients.
I'm also using a nutmeg in this recipe.
I've taken a half a tin of condensed milk which is 250g.
but you can use 250ml of milk and 1/4 cup of sugar as a substitute for condense milk.
first you have to get a bowl that hold all these ingredients
if the bowl is too small you'll waste the custard mixture.
it's best to use a thick bottom stainless steel pan to make the caramel.
Now see how I'm adding this sugar.
you have to add the water only to cover the sugar.
Now keep the flame on low and stir till the sugar is dissolved.
only stir in the center of the pan using the spoon.
if you touch the edges of the pan with the spoon the sugar will stick the edges of the pan
since it's hot and the sugar will crystallize.
after about 3 mins the sugar is dissolved
now just remove the spoon and don't use it again.
now just swirl the pan like this and the heat of the stove must be evenly distributed.
Just keep the pan on the flame for about a minute and swirl it like this.
And this is after 11 minutes.
see how the color has changed now.
This is after 13 minutes.
Now we have got the amber color.
Amber is a yellow and orange mixed color.
Now it has turned to a dark amber color,
Now switch off the flame.
if you keep it for more time the caramel will burn and will turn bitter.
Now spread the caramel all around the pudding mold.
This is going to get hard very soon, so do it quickly before that happens.
Once the pudding is done this caramel will stick to the pudding really nicely.
Now let this dry.
mix 2 eggs but don't beat it too much.
250 g of condensed milk.
vanilla essense
now add half a cup(measuring cup) of water.
Now add it to the pudding mold.
Now I'm grating a little bit of nutmeg.
Since egg has cholesterol it's good for our health to add some nutmeg powder.
This pan is filled with water up to the quarter mark.
I've added this serviette so the water will not over boil and the steam will be evenly spread.
Now I've kept a cooling rack so we can keep our pudding on top of it.
now let the water come to a boil.
then cover the pudding mold with a aluminum foil.
now the water is boiling, and I switched off the flame since I can't put my hand in with the steam.
One I'm increasing the flame for a short period to get back the steam.
Now once the steam has started again, reduce the flame to medium.
when you are doing this in a vessel like this, unlike a steamer the steam might go out.
so the time to steam will be more using this method than a steamer.
You may even do this in a steamer.
It took around 15 minutes for this pudding to get steamed.
Then I'm just going to leave the pudding like this for 3-4 minutes and then I'm going to take it out.
If you use high heat to steam this the eggs will scramble.
so the heat has to be kept on medium all the time.
now let's check out pudding.
now do the toothpick test.
the toothpick is clean so it's nicely steamed.
now just keep the pudding like this reach room temperature.
now when you keep it like this, then only the hard caramel will slowly melt.
you had asked me why the caramel is left on the bowl when the pudding is made.
this is the reason.
if you directly keep the pudding in the fridge the caramel will get harden again.
so keep the pudding in the fridge only once the pudding is fully cooled down.
I made this pudding at night
then once it was cooled down I kept it in the fridge.
and cook it out in the morning.
so the caramel was nicely melted and mixed with the pudding.
if you flip the pudding as soon as you took it out of the steamer.
there will be not enough time for the caramel to dissolve.
so the caramel will be stuck to the bowl.
I've added a little extra sugar caramel to this pudding mold.
if you had added a very thin layer of caramel.
the caramel may even dissolve while in the steamer.
and once you flip it the caramel will flow out nicely.
This is the next day morning.
You can loosen the pudding using small knife.
now see how I'm going to flip this.
isn't it beautiful!!
see how the sugar caramel has come out of the bowl.
can you see how the caramel that was in the bowl is stuck around the pudding.
let's check the taste now!
write down all the tips I mentioned when doing this caramel pudding in a book, so you don't forget it.
It's really delicious and the caramel is really sweet too.
leave a like and share with your friends if you like this caramel pudding. :)
try this recipe and send your photos of caramel pudding to "Ape Amma" facebook.
To learn how to make delicious recipes like this please subscribe to "Ape Amma" channel and hit the bell icon.
leave a like and share with your friends if you like this video.
Thank you!