Welcome to MyBinding How To videos.
Today's question is how to use self-laminating
sheets.
Laminating materials with self-laminating
sheets is much easier than it seems.
There are three basic steps printed right
here on the cover.
Let's walk you through them.
Once you've selected the right size self-laminating
pouch for your project, place your project
face down on the clear side.
Close the pouch and look through the transparent
grid on the project below.
Make sure that everything lines up just the
way that you want it to be.
Flip open the pouch again and locate the small
1/8 inch strip that's located right at the
crease.
Gently pull it out.
This will be used to hold down your project
in place when you go to do the rest of the
laminating process.
With your paper anchored, make sure once again
everything is lined up the way you want, crease
that down.
Open the sheet back up again and pull from
the corner on the inside all the way across
the paper, releasing that back.
Give yourself a little bit of a start as you
pull down, close the lid, the cover, and pull.
It's best to pull from the corner and work
your way out.
Pull it out slow and steady, assuring there
are no bubbles as you pull it.
Flatten from the crease edge out, assuring
there are no bubbles in your finished product.
And there it is.
It's that simple, really.
Some self-laminating sheets, such as these
by GBC, can be edited after you finish your
project.
Turn your project faced down and pull back
the sticky side that you just put down all
the way up, or as far as you need.
Make adjustments to your paper however you
need and close it right back up.
You can do this for 24 hours after your initial
seal.
Many different sizes of self-laminating sheets
are made, good for photos, good for ID badges,
business cards, or anything that you might
need.
There's no waste, size is perfect for your
projects.
And that's it, that is how to use self-seal
laminating sheets.
For more articles, how to's, demos, and reviews,
check out MyBinding.com.