Hey friends, it's Rosie, and in this video,
I'm going to show you how I make my
southern soul food style black-eyed peas.
I absolutely love this recipe. So of
course, you're going to need black-eyed
peas. I did soak these overnight. You can do
a quick soak if you want. The directions
for either methods - the quick soak and
regular soak should be on the back of
your package of your black-eyed peas. So
here I will be using my smoked turkey
tails. If you don't want to use smoked
turkey tails, on my blog, I'll have some
other options for you. I have some cloves
of garlic, or garlic cloves. I also have
an onion, and those ingredients will be
used to season my black-eyed peas. So I
did place the smoked turkey tails into
this large pot here. Now I'm going to
start adding in my chicken broth and you
can use turkey broth if you want as well.
Once the broth is in there, we are going
to turn the heat up to high and bring
this to a boil. And then we just want
to let this cook until the turkey tails
are nice and soft, or nice and, you know,
tender. We're now going to start adding
in our black-eyed peas. I did drain the
liquid from the black-eyed peas before
adding them into this pot, just FYI. Make
sure you drain all the liquid out of
there. And then we're just going to give
everything a stir. Oh by the way, before I
soaked my black-eyed peas, I also sorted
them and rinsed them. I made sure they
were nice and clean, just FYI. So once I
add the black-eyed peas in there, I did
add more liquid because it wasn't enough.
Now I'm going to start adding in my
chopped onions and garlic. And don't
forget, if you're not subscribed to my
YouTube, subscribe, turn on those
notifications, and follow me on Instagram
and Facebook as well. And of course, if
you want to print out any of my recipes,
they are available on my blog, IHeart
Recipes.com. So now the onions and the
garlic, everything is in there. The only
thing we have to do now is season. You
can add a little bit of salt and pepper.
I found that the turkey and the chicken
broth did wonders so I didn't have to
add, you know, too much stuff. So now I'm
just going to cook this over a medium
heat - I did reduce the heat to medium. And
we're going to cook it until the beans -
or should I say, the peas - have a nice broth,
just like so. And you know what,
this is what it's going to look like
once done. Your black-eyed peas should have
a nice broth or gravy, just like so. And
they should be nice, tender, and good to
go. What do you all like to serve with
your black-eyed peas?
Everyone says something different. I
personally like to serve mine with rice,
cornbread, and greens - that's just me. So
let me know down below in the comment
section what you like to serve with your
black-eyed peas, and what do you serve,
you know, during New Year's? This is like
my traditional dinner - black-eyed peas, rice,
cornbread, and greens. I'm going to thank
you so much for watching. Don't forget to
subscribe to my YouTube channel and head
over to my blog, IHeartRecipes.com to
print out the exact measurements for
this recipe.