Hey everybody welcome to drinking with Dave.
Today we're going to make a classic Canadian cocktail
Actually what i would call the Canadian cocktail
Which is a Bloody Caesar
Now it is similar to a Bloody
Mary but women better and the things
But way better
And the that you're going to need to make
this cocktail are the following
You will need
Mott's Clamato juice
yes not tomato juice clam and tomato juice
you will need work Worchestershire sauce
you will need
some Tabasco sauce to spice it up
'cause it's a spicy cocktail
You will need celery sticks
And the most important thing what
really really makes a Caesar is celery salt
So you'll need this for the rim
oh yes and there's one thing that you
can't forget this is not a
virgin bloody caesar
It is a Bloody Caesar
So you will need
Vodka
Which I love
Why is this such a great drink?
well I think what makes it a great drink
is two things like I said the rim and
how its put together. As well as the
secret ingredient which is Clamato Juice.
Now if you're going to make this
really, to make a perfect
Caesar you have to have a big tall beer
glass that's how I like to do it anyway
and before you put the ice in it or
anything like that you need to set the
stag. By set the stage I mean you've
gotta put the rim on
So how we gonna do that? Well we need to
get that celery salt on this rim of the
glass. First thing you do is you have a
plate with water in it that's going to
wet the rim and then the other plate with
your celery salt you just dip it in and
voila you have a celery salted rim which
in my opinion is what makes is what a Caesar.
Once you've done that can get in and throw
your ice. I like to use these but the ice
just falls out so I'm going my fingers.
I consider myself a bit of
a you know Caesar connoisseur I've been
drinking them for quite a long time now.
I've drank so many different kinds of
one spicy ones not so spicy ones ones
with beans you can really do whatever
you want with this to make it your own
as long as you have the main ingredients.
So once you have your lovely ice and
your rimmed glass you want to add the
important stuff the alcohol
this is a shot and a half of alcohol
sometimes you can put more sometimes you can put less.
Now, you've got the vodka in there now
the next thing you need to do is you
gotta spice it up this is where the
spices coming because it's got to get on
the ice see and it also has to mix with
the vodka so we start with Lea & Perrin's Worchestershire Sauce.
Usually you use it for
steaks are cooking. I put about six dabs
that is it a little bit of a tanginess.
then you want to spice it up course with
our tabasco sauce again to taste to me
I'm spicy kind of guy so 1,2,3,4,5,6 I'm
going to eight, 10. I'm going 10 is going to be
one spicy season which I know once
that's done i like to move it around and
get all those spices with the ice and
the vodka in there so it all mixes
together what makes this
quintessentially Canadian well it is
this. Clamato juice because who else
would think to put clam juice and tomato
juice together than Canadians. Yes it's
true it sounds gross right sounds awful
really if someone came out to being
offered me a clam juice I probably walk
away. Even if it had alcoholic but mix it
with tomato juice and it becomes a yummy
drink even on its own but much better in
a Caesar so first we're going to shake
Shake it on up
get on up gotta mix all the clam juice
and tomato juice together to get all
that clammy goodness. One note this also
comes in regular and spicy so if you
don't have the spices to put the caesar
you can get a spicy Clamato juice.
Next thing you gotta do is you gotta stir it
in Canada who stir sticks? who need
spoons? I don't need that i'm using a
celery stalk because you know what this
isn't just a drink
it's a meal so take this celery stock give
that a stir
oh yeah there you go. That stays green
red very colorful drink and finally you
can garnish it with whatever you want to
see that garnish with hot beans in
gardens with lines from my bartending
days. That goes on there that and boom
ladies and gentlemen there you have the
classic Canadian cocktail
The Bloody Caesar
One other thing is when you get
this cocktail at a restaurant or your
order anywhere even to have it home a
lot of times it's over with a straw
I take the straw of why because the key
to tasting in the beautiful sumptuous
taste of a Caesar is getting the celery salt
in. So you give the lime squeeze
you want to get that in there
yeah and it goes a little stir with your
celery stick and then make sure you get
Like this see? You get the celery and the
drink all in at once.
Oh baby that's good. Man and you know what does not a summer cocktail
it's no a winter cocktail
it's an all-year-round Canadian cocktail
You got a drink
you got a meal got some clam juice and
some celery
what more could you want?
 