 Hey guys welcome back to my channel and today's video I'll be showing you guys how to make an easy but yet delicious shrimp feta chili or fredo dish. So for this I'm going to be using this feta chili. I'm using about half of this box and I'm cooking my pasta according to the package instructions and I have 22 jumbo-sized shrimp that are devained and clean. To clean it I just use a piece of lime and rub my shrimp with and rinse it under some cold water and I have one cup of chicken broth and or chicken stock and this is the brand that I'm using the swanson and I have half a cup of whipping heavy whipping cream and this is the kind I'm using and I have a tablespoon and a half of all-purpose flour and I will be using about a teaspoon and a half of my black truffle oil and I'm going to be using about two teaspoon of my slap your mama seasoning and one tablespoon of butter and I have some parmesan cheese that I will be grating myself using a grater and you can put as much or as little cheese that you wish and of course some salt and pepper and I'll be using some parsley just to decorate my plate. So please check the description box where I will list everything I use in this video for you guys so let's get cooking guys. Okay so to get started we're going to start off by seasoning our shrimp so I want to sprinkle some of that slap your mama seasoning so about one teaspoon and mix that in. Remember guys this is this have a little heat to it and they have some salt so just make sure you are careful of how much of that you are adding and then now I want to go ahead and take my flour and mix that in with my shrimp. Doing this step will make me don't have to make a rule. If you guys seen my mac and cheese video I usually make a rule where I put butter and flour and cook the butter and then add my milk to make that rule but because I add this I don't have to do that step. So now I'm going to set this aside and let it marinate in this flour mixer for about 20 minutes so just set it to the side and then meanwhile I'm going to go ahead and cook my pasta and then we can start making this dish. Okay guys I have my stove set to medium high and I'm going to go ahead and put in my butter and then I'm going to add just a little bit of the truffle oil. Add it way more than I want it but okay and now you want to go ahead and take your shrimp and put them in there and cook these about two minutes first size or until they are so we are looking for them to turn pink when they turn pink that's how you know your shrimp is done. Okay for my chrysanthemum done I'm going to go ahead and remove them and basically place them in the thin dish that I marinate them in with the flour and everything so you want to go ahead and remove them. I do have other pasta dishes my baked mac and cheese if you haven't please check out that video. I will leave the link for that down in the description box for you guys to check out. So now you want to go ahead and add your chicken broth to this and add that cream. I like to make a little more sauce than I need because I like to take some out if my pasta is too little so that way I don't just drain my pasta into that beautiful cream and if I need to add a little more I can always add more so now we are going to season our cream. So I'm going to add some of that slap your mama seasoning to that and some freshly grated black pepper and a little bit of salt please taste your food and add the salt to your own tasting and I'm going to taste and I'm going to allow this to cook for about two minutes. Just make sure you keep it high on it. We don't want it to thicken up because we don't have in a flour but we just wanted to cook for a little bit so that flavor can gather up together and give to know each other. So let it cook for about two minutes. Okay after two minutes you want to go ahead and return that shrimp and to that creamy sauce and let that cook for about one minute. If you haven't please go follow me on Facebook and come follow me on Instagram come snap with me on Snapchat and go follow me on Twitter. I will leave the link for all those down in the description box for you guys to check out so let's be social media friends so I can see what everybody is up to so you guys can see what I'm up to as well. So let this cook for about a minute. Okay so now you want to come in with the pasta. Make sure you add salt to your pasta water guys. Do you water before you cook your pasta because you want to add some flavor to your pasta before you add it to that cream sauce. Just add some salt and a little bit of oil to your pasta when you are cooking it. So now you just want to mix everything in. Remember I told you guys I like to take a little bit of that cream sauce out. I took about half a half of that out and just make sure you mix everything. At this point I have my stove set on medium. Again taste your food of course guys when you are cooking this look and smell so good already and now I'm going to take a handful of my cheese and just put on top of it. Another handful I like my nice and cheesy and just mix that in. This is a super quick easy recipe to have on a busy night or also just to have a nice fancy meal. I have a lobster video up on the channel so if you guys want you can make yourself a nice semi-expensive meal by making some lobster to go with this meal as well and some asparagus. You got yourself a $50 meal from a restaurant. I want to add just a little more cheese. You can add as limo or as much cheese as you want. So I'm going to let this cook for a minute and then it will be done. Of course you want to taste. So I'm going to taste this piece. It's really good. Like I said you guys make sure you are seasoning your pasta when you are cooking it with some salt and a little bit of oil that will make a big difference to your dish. You don't want to over-salt it of course. You put like half a teaspoon of salt or one teaspoon of salt to your water. So let this cook for a minute and then it is pretty much done. All right this dish is done now all I have to do is sprinkle some parsley flakes, some dry parsley flakes on top of that and I have myself a beautiful pasta dish and this will do it for this video guys. Please don't forget to check out my other pasta videos which I will have down in the description box for you guys to check out. Please give this video a big thumbs up if it was helpful if you found it to be delicious and please don't forget to subscribe to the channel guys comment like and again please be sure with everybody you know as always thank you guys so so much for watching and I love you guys for watching see you in my next video. Bye bye