 Hey guys welcome back to the channel is Treesha and I wanted to share some of the mercury items that I've been seeing on Pinterest lately. I've seen faces, pendants, droplets, candlesticks or candle holders. Pretty much a lot of things. So let me give it a try myself and see exactly how easy it is to do and if you have any ideas tips or tricks just drop it in the comments section below. I will love to hear from you and I'm sure others will too. So let's get started. It's the first time that I'm doing this so I want to make it real simple and decided to do candle holders using the mercury glass concept. I went to Dollar Tree and purchases a cylinder vase as well as this trumpet drinking glass. I also decided to get two packs of the clear tea light candle holders. I want to do an experiment and actually do a two-tone effect using this Rastoleum Mirror effects spray paint and gold as well as in silver. So the first step that you do is mist the glass with vinegar. I had a old spray bottle from a hair product that I use and I'm just putting a little bit of vinegar in there and I'm going to mist my glasses. If you notice I taped up the rim of the tea light candle holder. You don't have to do this but I did. I just wanted this spray paint to just be in the center and not be on the rim. So I am doing this for all three objects. And I tried not to over spray. I didn't want it to drip. And if you're curious why I am spraying with vinegar is to create an antique look. I wanted to look like it's aged. So when you see objects that are aged many times it has like spots in it. Now it's time to spray and I'm going to show you guys this Rastoleum comfort grip that I purchased a while back and I want to think creatively me for pointing out this to me in another video and I had it all written. She was like girl make your life easier by using this and I was like why in the world that I'm not use it I had it on hand. This thing makes life so much easier. I promise. I'm not trying to persuade you to get it. But if you wanted something easier and you know if you spray paint a lot you know what I'm talking about your hands or your fingers get kind of tired. So this is the perfect solution to that problem. So after I sprayed it the first time I didn't want to spray it a lot. I just wanted like somehow lights of gold. As you can see this is what it looks like and what I did was use a rag or a paper towel to kind of blot it. But you know what I wouldn't do that I will wait. I will just keep spraying which I'm going to show you. I wouldn't do this part so don't be like me I would keep what you already have like the little drops in there and build on that because if you don't just spray could get into those spots that you created. So it just doesn't make sense. So that's my lesson learned. I'm going to repeat the same process and mist each of the objects with vinegar and then I'm going to alternate the spray paint and use my silver this time. So here's a close up of what it looks like so far and I believe I'm going to do another coat of gold as well as silver just one more and this is what it looks like. I just want a hint of gold you see it and this is what it looks like on the inside. So you do it to your liking I'm going to do it. I'm going to show you what mine how mine came out. I want to say if this is something that you've always wanted to try just do it. If you mess up you mess up. At least you know what to do next time you know you only can learn by trying. Okay now that my objects are dry we're going to glue the glass pieces together. I'm going to start off with a base which is a round mirror from the Dollar Tree and I chose this base because it has those filth bottoms on the back of it. It helps protect the surfaces that you place the candle holders on. So we're going to take this trumpet glass and we're going to glue it to the top of the mirror using E6000 so I'm simply going to put it on the rim and then place it on top of the mirror. Next I'm putting E6000 on the top of the trumpet glass which is upside down. I placed one of these candle holders upside down on top of the trumpet glass. Now I'm going to add some more E6000. Then place the cylinder base on top. Guys I think I did a really good job for my first time. Adding flameless candles or flameless tea-like candles really makes the space look very romantic. I am in love with how it looks. These definitely look like it came from a store. If you've been wanting to make candle holders just try it. It's simple to do. You have the steps in front of you. Take a leap of faith. Trust yourself. Believe in yourself. It's going to turn out great. If there's anybody who has done this project before and has done anything related to mercury glass and has some tips or tricks to share, we would love to hear from you. You never know who you help. Thanks guys for watching. Let's connect on Instagram. I'm at Designs by Tresha. I would love to see your DIY projects. So make sure you tag me. Also check out my other videos. I think you'll like it.