 Hi, I'm Randy Golden with Medical Technologies in Georgia. And I'm here today with my friend James to show everybody how to use the easy gripper intermittent closed system catheter from our company. And this product is designed to a couple of different things. It's a closed system intermittent catheter. So the whole idea here is that once you open the package up, the catheter is still sterile inside. And the bag is going to do a couple of different things. It's going to protect the sterility of the catheter. It's also going to catch the urine once the urine starts to flow. So literally we're in an office and you could actually cap anywhere. You don't have to be an arrestor in the catheterized. That's always a nice advantage. When you remove the cap, there's an introducer tip here. I'm going to pull this off and show everybody. This introducer tip is really key. It actually protects the catheter's furrow and protects the catheter which is inside the introducer tip from bacteria that are located inside the urethra. Now, studies actually show that most urethra bacteria right when you first go in. So you're going to have to watch and use beta-diandor-bzk or whatever. The catheter, if it's unprotected, is going to do this contaminated region and can actually push those bacteria further into your body. They can actually get a stronghold who grow back up into the bladder and there's clinical studies that prove all that. So the introducer tip, the whole idea here is that the introducer tip and the catheter both go into the urethra as you catheterize. And James will show all this in a minute while I'm in the topical model. The gripper is a unique feature, a patent device that we've added to the closed system catheter which will allow the catheter to be advanced by people with poor hand function or limited hand function. So in essence, you don't have to have the fine dexterity of your fingers to be able to catheterize. C6, C7 level, quadriplead you for able to use this product. Some folks with brain injury and even some MS folks with limited hand function, I'll find this to be beneficial. Okay, there's a couple of things that are going on here. We have an easy advanced valve in the bag itself which is going to actually allow the catheter to go forward only. So what essence what's going to happen is as the catheter goes forward, the gripper is going to go back or, and the catheter is only going to go forward. So what we're going to show this here, use light pressure, it actually looks like a chip clip and I'll show it sideways here. It looks like a chip clip and what we're going to do is either with one or both hands of knee big, get your hand around the gripper or behind it. There's a little plate in the back here, it's actually pretty firm and you can just dance this with a little bit of pressure. You see how the catheter comes out of the bag and then we just, I can show it to the fingers, you can actually pull this back. So just a little light pressure and again the whole idea is you don't have to apply pressure coming back, just a little pressure going in and then scoot the blue grip back. Okay, before I give this over to James, we're just going to show a couple of other features. We have thumb holes in both the top and the bottom of the back. The thumb holes are used as the urine begins to fill, of course the bag is going to get heavier because of course the gravity is going to work on the bag as a bag filled with urine. You're fingering here and hang on to the bag as once you see urine you can hold on to the bag with that one hand and allow the bag to fill. And eventually when we get finished we're going to show you how you can actually turn the bag over using the other thumb hole and pour the urine right into the toilet. So without further ado, I'm going to turn this over to my friend James and show everybody how to use the product. Alright, my name is James and I'm going to show you how to use the easy grip for cat from MTG. First of all the packaging is quite easy. At my age, I was at C5 and C6. I've been here about 10 years. So I haven't something that's easy to open, it's pretty important. So first of all, with the thumb loops you get the plastic in, the paper in, and then just kind of pop it open and it opens up for you. You can put it around and the bag has two hooks in it which you can use to pull the back of the bean. Of course I've already washed my hands. This does come with the accessories for the blue pad and the gloves and they're cotton 4 or 4 of these case swabs. These those. After popping the cap off, I'm going to insert the insertion chip that I'm going to arrange the argument show you. It goes right in. Now I hold it if I left hand and it's the cap that was in the right hand. And again, just push them there clip, the easy grip for cat and then pull it right back out. The bag is situated like it. Everybody does this little bit differently. You know, it will work for one person. You might have to modify your system a little bit. What works for me is if you fit over on one side. So I'm not squeezing the pull it out. It's a little bit of pressure to insert and using the clip to pull the back out as well. And the cap there continues to go in. And I'm watching the end of the flange for the year and start pulling. And it's really that simple. Remember, I have no finger functions. This is all ten of these systems that I think is in the catheter. You can see the catheter is going in quite a bit in the holiday. All right. So just remove the cap after I got them and I'm using the thumb loop. And to drain it into the toilet, this end cap comes off pretty easily. The white cap. You can use your thumb to push it up with my thumb. It comes right out. And that's going to allow the drain to go out easier, a lot faster. Use one thumb loop there or thumb loop on the bottom. The thumb loop on the bottom is wherever you want to catch. And then I'm just putting in the toilet. So it's all the way out and now it's all the trash can. And now I'm completely independent with my cap. And now I'm just going to put in the toilet. And then I'm just going to put in the toilet.