 Hey guys, Mr. K here. I am in beautiful her most of each California beach side town. My friends just moved into an apartment and they need help in their dining room. It's very blah. So I'm gonna bring the beach indoors but in like decorating. Wait, let's do it! Oh my gosh, I'm in their dining room and as you can see I kind of have to work my quads in order for there to be any dining happening because there's no chairs. So I need to bring in some chairs in here but I want to do it of course customized, personalized and designed looking. So I'm gonna do that with some Cabot Premium wood finish in bright happy colors and do some other fun things to make this really a place worth eating. So let me get to the chair. Oh, you need a fabulous outfit. Don't you? This is a bare chair. It's a naked chair. These are from an unfinished wood store but you could get a fitted chair or a vintage chair and just make sure you sand it first before you apply the wood finished. I can't wait. Are you ready to get dressed? Yeah you are. This beautiful teal color is the first color that I'm gonna use and then I'm gonna use three other colors for the other chairs. If you wanted to not use bright colors you could do some natural wood tones. I'm gonna start with the seat of the chair and just go to town. Go with the green of the wood preferably because what's great about this finish is we're highlighting the wood green because it's still gonna show through a little bit. It's like you've been dunked in the ocean and what I love about this is that it already has a sealer mixed in so that I won't have to add any kind of poly coat afterwards. It's just gonna be ready to go. Long smooth brush strokes. This color is making me feel very thin. It's just like a spa treatment. These rungs are nice and close together so no one's gonna get their heads stuck in them. You gotta make sure to get in all these little creases underneath. Leave no wood unfinished. Okay. Love it. Done. All right so there is my first coat so you dry and I'll see you in two hours. You look fabulous and dry. There's some slight little dust spots and some little little specks that landed on it while it's drying so I'm gonna sand those off. Wipe it down and then do my second coat. You'll see that it really just boosts the color even more so we can really have these mismatched chairs all looking individually fabulous and I'm gonna repeat this process with my other chairs and we totally see what they all look like as a happy colorful family. Kids you look so cute. Oh my gosh we just love all these colors. They just want to nap in this colorful. Oh wait. I have a dining room to decorate. Come on. Don't open. Don't open. Now you're close. I'm gonna turn the clothes. And Tana. Oh my gosh. So cute. Yes. Thank you. I love what you did. I know. I do too. No but it's so be gee and look at the chair right then it really really brings us together. I love how personalized it is with the color but the different colors and it's sealed too so you can be a sloppy eater. I like it. Yes. Hi Fide. It's Luffy Eating. I'm so glad you love it. I really want to try out this chair. Hey what's for dinner.