 So today since we already have the oven on, we're going to go ahead and utilize that and cook the acorn squash for our side dish. So first I don't know if you're not familiar with acorn squash, just going to cut. It's really hard so it works well when you have a sharp knife. Which I don't have because I tend to cut myself. We're doing it in the oven since the oven's already on. I use a microwave and I usually microwave my caillou doesn't use a microwave. And I have my cheese better than my cheese. I'm a good hippie and I don't use microwaves. So and then all these you can see these out but they're actually really good to wash and save and then you can plant them. Which we were going to do. So I'll actually save these because we were going to wash them and plant them for the springtime. So I use my scoop on all the guts like a pumpkin or a better nut squash or whatever. Okay. We have a grapefruit spoon. It works really good for this. Okay. And then you can either leave it like this and stuff it with whatever you want. Peacans and better and maple syrup. For this though. For rancidish. I'm going to cut it like this so I slice my hand open. I'm going to cut it again. I can do it this way. It's not ready. So when you're going to roast the squash and the oven you should plant ahead and put it in like an hour before you're going to eat. So it takes a while. If you just make a gravy it only takes about 15 minutes. And then the smaller you cut your chunks to the less time it's going to take. So this is going to take as much time as it would if you're going to have it and stuff it. I like to stuff mine with a stuffing with sausage and rice and it makes the whole meal in. Okay. I'm going to get Kayla some show. And I'm nice for the next holiday. Quite a workout. I really like how myself these knives are perfect for me. So here you have your pieces. Do you put water in your baking pan to come? I would just put all the oil on them. Put all the water in cover. Maybe not cover it. Put all the water in. You just put them up like this? No I would like to. Yeah. So I'm here or don't like this before. So just arrange them on your baking sheets. I'm going to give them some room. And then season them how you want. Just want drizzled. So on this we're just going to kind of drizzle some olive oil on it. Okay. Put them in a round. And then... It's on paper. I don't want paper. Oh, I probably did. I probably did. I changed it. And then just a little salt. I like the sea salt. It's better. And I personally only like a corn squash. It's kind of sweet. So what I would do is probably just put some melted butter over it. And then like I said maybe put some maple syrup on it or honey. Honey or molasses. Yeah, molasses. Might be good. And then pecans and raisins and all sorts of things. Peacons kill my husband. Oh, that's true. You can't use that. So but not in my house. You can do whatever you want. Alright. I'm going to do a bit better. Lower that. Yeah, we can lower the rack down. Alright, we can roast in the same oven with our beautiful tray. And we want to see our tray. It's looking pretty good. I think it does look almost done. Okay. So we're then going to let that go for probably 45 minutes to an hour. And that's through at 350.