 Calatia is a genus of plants belonging to the Marantissier family. There are several dozen species in this genus. Native to the tropical Americas, many of the species are popular as pot plants due to their decorative leaves and in some species very colorful in fluorescence. Few common species of Calatia are Calatia Lansifolia, also known as Ratel snake plant. It is an evergreen perennial growing to about 60 to 70 cm with slender pale green leaves beautifully marked with various shades of green. Calatia or nata also previously called as ornamental calatia. It is a striped calatia, been striped calatia, various names. The plant is known for its large leaves that have a distinctive pattern and effervescent colors. The leaf of the been strip calatia grows at the end of long stems that require the right care and location in order to continue looking as healthy as possible. If kept indoors, the plant will not grow much larger than 2 feet or 2 feet width and length. This is a plant that looks attractive indoors, but it is also possible to keep them outdoors under indirect sunlight. Due to its foliage, this is a super plant to put among other plants that have attractive foliage. This one is Calatia zebrina, also known as zebra plant. It is also an evergreen perennial which can grow up to 1 meter. The long stalks carry beautiful striped elliptical leaves. The leaves are dark green above dark red below, the spines, veins and margins etched in the leaves. Now coming to the care of Calatia plants, first thing is light, no direct sunlight for calatias. Otherwise you will lose the markings. You need to provide the shielding from direct sunlight which will come overhead at some point of time in the day and then at the location of these pots. Second thing is watering. Calatia plants demand to be moist all the times, but not always wet or water sitting in the pot at all times. This means regular small amounts of water during the growing seasons as soon as the surface of the pot soil starts to dry up. Next important factor is humidity. Humidity is really important for healthy and attractive looking Calatia. They all require high humidity and failure to provide this is one of the main reasons of failure or growth. You can also build your own humidity tray to provide this effect. First factor is fertilizer. Drop few NPK crystals like the NPK 2020 every 4th night during the growing season or even some wormy compost every 4th night. You can also use decompose powder as an alternative. Next is re-potting. If it is growing well, look to re-pot every year or even every other year during spring or summer. If you want to propagate your Calatia you can do this at a re-potting time. It is actually done by dividing large Calatias. Divide the plant by half or into small pieces if you have a very large plant to start with and pot each new section in its own pot. I shall be making a separate video on re-potting and propagation of Calatia when I do this later. One more thing regarding Calatia is cleaning their leaves with a moist cloth if they become too dusty. And coming to flowering of Calatia. The majority of Calatias do not flower or rather do not flower indoors and this is because the conditions are suitable for them to do it. The exception to this is one variety that is Calatia croquetta. You can see the photo in this video and that's all in this video friends.