 Hi everybody. I just wanted to do a follow up video on the stove cleaning showing you how to do your stove, your glass top stove and this is just a follow up to that. We are not using the Wyman's this time because I just don't have any. So I wanted to show you the magic is kind of all in the riser blade. So let me get my camera situated and we'll begin. Okay so here we are here's the stove you can kind of see if you can see how the how this is right now where it's kind of baked on. I had to wait a long time so that I could do this video again to let it kind of I wanted to get it to where it's kind of I wish you could see this is a little bit better. Let me see. Okay so that's a little bit you can kind of see that this is really just built on. So you can kind of tell that this is the warmer it's not used very much but anyway we're gonna kind of go through all of this and clean this up really good. I want to show you that you can remove this kind of build up on your stove just using household. Okay so I have some really really hot water I put this in my way for about 30 seconds. Can you kind of see it's only to about right here on the cup. I'm gonna add baking soda and you don't want to measure this you're just going to make and it's not really a paste that we're making. But we're making a cleaning liquid kind of I mean like a very thin paste I guess we're gonna use quite a bit of dawn. I do find that dawn is the most effective. Normally I would do this on with the stove cleaner that I normally use which is the half a bottle. I don't have it it's so why am I supposed to look at my other video which I'll link it to this video. It kind of I show you what I use normally. Okay so I'm gonna use a lot because this is really dirty and this maybe you entirely too much but that's okay. Okay so what we're gonna do is I'm just going to pour this on there especially on the parts that are really gross. This one sometimes it isn't that bad okay. So then we're just gonna kind of rub this on there. Okay and then we're just gonna let this sit and I'm gonna let this sit for a good 10 to 15 minutes. So this has been sitting about 10 minutes and now we're just gonna use a this is a new razor blade that I just put in there a while ago I tried it to kind of test it a little bit so that's what's on it. But so what we're gonna do is just start scraping with your razor blade in one direction of course you don't want a gas stove or anything but it won't scratch it as long as you do it in one direction. See how it already took some of that off. So this is what we're gonna work on. And this is not gonna hurt your stove I know everyone says don't you'll see we're don't use a razor blade but you're not gonna get this off of a stove that's baked on like this if you don't have something to take it off like this. And I've had this stove five years maybe. So four or five I think I think it's been about five years so and I always do my stove this way when it gets to where this stuff is kind of built up on there we're just wiping it down is not gonna work anymore. And you just want to go across it and you see how it's kind of making that sound like there's still something there so you just want to keep going across it until it doesn't do that. And I'm gonna get more out here. Go up to the other one. Some of these that kind of still have a little bit left on it. Get the middle to see this one still kind of this is the one you can tell this is the one that I use the most. Okay that's pretty it feels pretty good in here. All right let's kind of clean all this up then. Look at all that that come off of there. That one feels pretty good that one's pretty good. This one and this one are still just a tiny bit. Just a few seconds. Okay I'm heating up the kind of liquid in the microwave it is a little bit hot. All right and so what I'm gonna try to do right here is just use a razor by a little bit more on these because if you go you can still kind of fill with your hand if there's stuff on there. That's better. That's a lot better okay so let's clean all of this off. All right it's in there. Okay. This is a good kind of fix for when you're out of like the the good cleaner that because the woman's the thing about it is that it has that coating that kind of protects it from getting dirty so fast. So that's the only reason that I really like that product but this is a good fix for when you're out of that or if you just don't have it in you can't stand your stove like this anymore. So all I'm gonna do is spray the back of my stove and we'll kind of buff this up a bit. This is a lemon chine. Winnie's time. Okay. And I'm gonna get a fresh microfiber towel. Okay. Okay. Let's do this. There we go guys that's pretty much it. So didn't realize I sit that in front of it but this is what it looks like.