 Hey, hey, what? Raymax, hey, what? Hey, what? Welcome to Raymax, kitchen and grill Loving on hate, loving on hate Welcome to Raymax, kitchen and grill Loving on hate, what, what, what? Loving on hate, come on Welcome. Okay, how long for a second? Hey, hey, what's up? What's up? This is Raymax for Raymax, kitchen and grill I'm gonna make this real quick, y'all I'm just gonna do an old Southern fried chicken No Carolina style. Who knows? This is my style. All right, but it's gonna be an old recipe. The first thing that I'm gonna do, y'all, I got some fat back in this year's pan and I'm gonna toss in the oven. I got the oven already set at 350 degrees and I got some on chicken that I'm gonna go ahead and wash up some lead quarters, three lead quarters I'm gonna cut these down to just, you know, get three legs and some thighs out of that. And I'm gonna show you exactly how I'm gonna season these things up and we're gonna have the best oven fried chicken possible. And guess what, y'all? I'm just keeping the plain and simple with some old-fashioned roasted chicken on rice that we could basically just cook up in 90 seconds and then we'll be ready to have a good fried oven fried chicken meal. Like I said, I'm keeping it old-school, North Carolina way, southern style. I'll be right back. All right, YouTube, I got a couple of strips of this here, fat back in this year's pan. I'm gonna go ahead and toss in the oven. I got the oven set right now at 350 degrees. I'm gonna go ahead and toss in the oven. I'm gonna go ahead and toss in the oven. I'm gonna go ahead and toss in the oven. I'm gonna go ahead and toss in the oven. I'm gonna go ahead and toss in the oven. I'm gonna go ahead and toss in the oven. I'm gonna go ahead and toss in the oven. I'm gonna go ahead and toss in the oven. I'm gonna go ahead and toss in the oven. I'm gonna go ahead and toss in the oven. I'm gonna go ahead and toss in the oven. I'm gonna go ahead and toss in the oven. I'm gonna go ahead and toss in the oven. I'm gonna go ahead and toss in the oven. I'm gonna go ahead and toss in the oven. I'm gonna go ahead and toss in the oven. I'm gonna go ahead and toss in the oven. I'm gonna go ahead and toss in the oven. I'm gonna go ahead and toss in the oven. I'm gonna go ahead and toss in the oven. I'm gonna go ahead and toss in the oven. Okay guys, I got my chicken cut up. So what I'm gonna use is a seasoned, I got some blackened seasoning. So I'm just gonna take some of the blackened seasoning. Put it on and I'm not gonna put no salt on it because that fat back already contains some salt And I'll be using it grease and it's just the same that they used to do back in the days frying chicken up In the in the country we're using lower port port Lord Lord Say Lord port Lord on country y'all come on You know So I got me some blackened seasoning putting on this here And I'm gonna flip them Only thing I'm gonna use just for the chicken is the blackened seasoning like I said is that Zellar ranch I know if you guys can see it, but it's that Zellar ranch blackened seasoning and Just want to season this side up pretty good And I got some flour in the bowl that I'm gonna dress these chickens in And I'm gonna go ahead and season that flour up as well So it's gonna have some some flavor to our fried oven fried chicken There we go, so let's go ahead and season up our flour All right for our flour mixture We're gonna first put in some parsley Yeah I'm gonna put in some of this here Spain spicy seasoning And And then I'm gonna add just a little bit of my own little seasoning rub like I said you could use whatever type of season as you like Just to season up your flour. It doesn't matter Doesn't matter at all Remember you don't have to add salt to this Now Just want to add just a little bit more something that I created I will share this on YouTube All right, but you could just use whatever type of season as you want All right, that's enough for that and we just want to mix this up Now Once we got this mixed up We want to take our chicken okay And place our legs in And you also place your thighs in there It all depends on the size container that you have so I'm using a plastic container It's a glad plastic container and there's a nice size with a top And I just want to shake it Make sure everything is coated well Now while this is sitting in here, I'm just gonna leave this sitting just like it is All right, I'm gonna leave this sitting just like it is for at least from about 15 to 20 minutes just like this I'm not gonna touch it until I get ready to put it inside the oven and I'll be right back to show you the next step so don't go nowhere All right, YouTube I got my own fat back grease already cooked up. Just want to take it out the pan Snack on this with some bread Eat this with the meal And as you can see we got grit I'm grease and bits and pieces at the bottom That's what we want we want some of that grease at the bottom Now what we're gonna do is Go to the next step and put our chicken inside All right, let's go ahead and toss our chicken in Stuffing with our legs All right We had definitely have room for our thighs And this chicken is definitely coated with some flour. I mean it is coated well And We're gonna keep the same temperature at 350 degrees so whenever you take your tan out you just want to leave your Evan on at the same temp All right now From now we're gonna go ahead and put these in the oven 350 degrees And I'll show you the exact process what what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna take up the mom and to and I want to read out The internal temp of the chicken breast and I want to get a crust on the outside So I wanted the temperature to read at 165 degrees, but I will show you that as we continue to cook alone So stay tuned I'm putting this in the oven right now Y'all let's get ready to make us something to base this chicken with okay, so I got a microwave proof bowl Along with a half a stick of butter Man, I wish I was smell was going on in this this kitchen now I'll tell you the truth is something good going on up in this kitchen all right, so I got some dry the ragano That I'm adding to the butter along with that I got dry partially, okay? The next ingredients that I'm gonna add into this y'all is my very own house blending See house blend house blend seasoning you can use whatever type of season you have in your cabinet But whatever you do don't put salt to this remember that salt in the fat back grease All right, so now we want to do is just put this in the microwave and Nuke it for a least round about 10 seconds after that stir all your flavors together We're gonna go ahead and baste our chicken with this now the chicken has been sitting in the oven for about 35 to 40 minutes pull it out You don't have to turn your chicken you don't have to flip this chicken I did not flip this chicken at all, so now I'm taking the butter the butter mixture Just putting it right on top of that skin because this is gonna help get that skin crispy All right, y'all definitely I know you guys. I know I know I know I know it look good already But just wait it's gonna be fantastic All right after that process is done we're gonna crank up our arms oven for to about 375 degrees or if you wanted to speed up the process a little bit more crank that sucker up the 425 degrees so after that After the temp just set on the oven we're gonna go ahead and put the chicken right back in and this is what we got All right, this is what we got right here. Y'all you can hear this Christmas skin This is our Southern fried chicken in the oven and it's done So I'm gonna go ahead and plate up a plate and go from there be right back You You You You