 I have these four nice chairs that my wife seems to collect in the house and all of a sudden she says put them in the attic. So today I'm going to build a pulley system. So as I'm getting down the Christmas decorations I said you know I want to put these in the attic but I got one of those disappearing stairways that folds down from the attic and it's not that they're that heavy but they're that bulky and clumsy to be able to have one person hold it and walk up the ladder with it. So I'm going to build a pulley system where I can pull the chair up to the attic landing and then climb up the stairs without anything in my hands to position it in the attic for storage. So let's get started. So while this is my workbench right above me is my disappearing stairway goes with the entrance into that. So this is what we're going to do is build a pulley system directly above this so we can pull the chairs or boxes or anything else up or down from the attic. Okay as we come into the attic we look straight up we have the rafters so I'm going to build a support beam spanning those two with a pulley system working right off that. Okay here's what we bought for our pulley system. I have one pulley here that we're going to be our trial and pulley and this will be suspended and we'll have this carabiner on it and hook to our weight of whatever we're lifted up. This other pulley will be fixed to the top next to the rafters or the roof and you'll have a two pulley system to pull up our items. Then I bought some 716s sash or a cording and this you just some cotton cloth rope and a little easier on the hand some of the nylon stuff. The first step here to find out exactly where I want to hang my cross rafter. I put a weight on a string that goes right up in the attic so I can see exactly where I want that to be and so I come straight up from that and that way I put it my board between the two rafters. So what I've done over here is measure about six inches from the end so I know that this one my first pulley will be and I've gone ahead and bolted it on the board. So now I have to go up in the attic and screw it between the rafters at HM. So what I have is a two pulley system. I'm going to call this the traveling pulley because it stays next to your load that you're lifting and so one end of this rope goes up through the other pulley and down and this is the other rope and the other end goes to the board of which the other pulley is affixed to and it's tied off up there. So when I pull this it's loop over the other pulley down to this one back up to the tile. So this should be really easy to be able to move stuff to that. Okay here we go with chair number two. Last time this thing got a little twisted so we'll see if we can't keep it a little straight for this time. All we have to do is kind of keep our chair and get our ladder as it goes up. Pull it out since it has that. And once we get chair passed the ladder then we know we can lower the ladder back down. I created a permanent tie-off with this hook. So once you pull the load up you can have it tied off and keep it there. So in my pulley system attic arrangement the load is lifted straight up from the area where the ladder is so the ladder has to be folded so the load can be lifted straight up. Then the ladder is unfolded so you can go up the stairs to take the load off the pulley system and then you move it about in that fashion. So hey if you learned something about pulley systems give us a thumbs up and if you enjoyed our videos be sure to come back real soon.