 Hey guys, what's going on? Jimmie Gimbalz, the kitchen cabinet guy. Today we're going to talk about plywood versus particle board in your cabinet box. The top of the cabinet, the bottom of the cabinet, the sides of the cabinet, the back of the cabinet and the shelves in between are either made out of particle board, some form of particle board, or climate. That's the difference. And this is what we're going to define to you today. Climb wood is layers of wood veneer that are glued together to create a panel. Like a layer, layer of cake I guess. We have all those different layers when you cut into a cake, that's what it's like. So plywood is one of the products that you can use for cabinet boxes, the sides, the back, the shelves, the top and the bottom. The other product is particle board. It's a particle board is panels that are made of wood fibers or even saw dust that are compressed together and made into a panel. Most people have a misconception that plywood is better. And the reason I say misconception, it doesn't necessarily make the cabinet better. The majority of our cells are not plywood. I can say that a good majority of our homeowner cells, through a builder or through a contractor, tend to lean towards plywood. But not the majority, a good number, but not the majority. Because particle board is cheaper, particle board allows for a product to maintain a more price-centred cost. Particle board doesn't work. Particle board is a smoother finish, has a smoother finish on it, but there has a melamine on it or just plenty of particle board, it has a smoother finish on it, and a cost less than plywood. That wood allows for fittings and screws to have better strength because it doesn't tear apart. Particle board because it's chips of wood, or chips of soil dust, it can tear apart. Plied wood tends not to do that, so it's a little stronger, a little more stable when it comes to that. Now here's the problem, moisture. When it comes to moisture, particle board is not a fan. You can seal part of the board to prevent it from getting wet, but most cabinet companies don't. So when moisture hits and water hits this thing, it will sweat. So you have a bathroom cabinet, and the cabinet goes down to the floor, and you shower the bathroom vanity and water will splash it out. Eventually the bottom of that cabinet, it's going to sweat. Plied wood fights off water better than part of the board does. For that reason, a lot of folks prefer the plywood over the part of the board. Now there are different types of plywood as well. The layers of plywood, the number of layers of plywood can alter the quality of the product as well. There's plywood that's made in the States. There's plywood that's made overseas in China. There's plywood that's from out behind free. There's plywood that has no gaps in it. There's plywood that has some gaps. For the most part, plywood is considered to be better than part of it.