 Hey everybody, it's Kenneth again. Some people asked me how to use the Wemmy bar of a Jaguar guitar for example and I thought I will show you my way how I use it. I think there are a lot of ways but I also think there's not much you can do with it actually than banning it because this is what it's there for. I don't have a plug at the moment but my finger tips should do it as well. Yeah before I start I want to show the effect without any end. Some my bloody Valentine calls like this. Now with Wemmy. That I just hit the Wemmy bar sometimes at the first note so like I'm just doing it very slightly like here and then very fast. Then it sounds a bit more shoegasing now yes. You can also do it every time like. So you're hitting the Wemmy bar very shortly every single time you hit the strings. You can also do it very slowly like if you hit the strings eight times. You could also try to bend the Wemmy bar the whole time you play in the eight movements. You hear that? I showed from the other side. Now I show you how it sounds with an M. And now with the Wemmy bar. What I like to do most of the time is I hit the Wemmy bar at one, at four and then at three like this. So just at this position then it sounds that way. And because I'm moving the Wemmy bar all the time sometimes it happens just out of the feel that you're bending it and other counting times just by accident just coincidentally. So with reverse reverb it sounds that way. So he has no Wemmy bar in it at all and now I do it with it. What I do here is that I hit the Wemmy bar just one time very slowly in eight drumming movements like one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. In the middle of that I'm going very slowly. Look at this. So when you counting four then I start bending. So this is actually everything I do and I think a lot of people do the same. It's also very funny to use the Wemmy bar when you're playing solo. You can hit it tone that way or you can hit it tone that way. Just to create vibration. Yeah I think it's cool. Or you're just drumming one single time and make the rhythm with Wemmy bar like this. Awesome with delay and so on. These are some tools. Try yourself out with this. Don't forget to leave you some comments, maybe some techniques. Post some videos where you love the Wemmy bar. Don't forget to subscribe. See you next time.