 Okay, so I'm going to show you how to pull from a dog. Normally I have a bit up here as a teaser dog, but I'm not going to use it for this. Anyway, this is what you need to have because I have a little world pack that goes with my shipping product. And I always label what the dog is. This is very important, especially if you're pulling from multiple dogs, so you don't want to get mixed up. So this is a sterilized product, sterilized and it's good to go until I've written it on top of it. I'm going to do that, if I spill anything it goes in the cup. I like to use this as a collection cup, but I'm not going to do that today because I want you to see what's going on. So I'm going to use this to collect it. So you can see the seam coming out of the dog. I don't like this because it's slightly cool. I like this much better, especially in wintertime, this doesn't get cold. You don't want to cold, so I'm going to see it. Some of the time it's not an issue, but I mean this thing here, I mean, it'll warm up pretty quick, but don't really like using this. So the next thing I need to have my stand-up pre-warm thread go, and what I've got here is this is a great product, a chill guard. I really recommend this stuff. It'll keep seam the life for five days, and I put this inside some warm water, so it's warmed up. So now we're ready to do the click. So I'm going to take this. So what I'm going to do here is I want to make sure that I've cleaned off any dirt and debris off the tip of his penis, off the sheet. So I'm just kind of taking that, it's clean, and see right behind his testicles, there's a small knot right there. Right, that's what I'm going to grab. Basically, I'm just putting pressure on that. I'm squeezing it about that hard, pretty tight squeeze, and between where that knot forms and his testicles. So what will normally happen is normally he'll start humping around, and here he goes. Can you see that forming there? Now how much are we going to collect? The answer is we're going to collect about one or two CCs. There's no point collecting a whole bunch of sceber. This dog was actually collected from yesterday for a customer who's going to collect it again today, so he's not going to give me a really big collection. So one thing you've got to watch out for is that the dog wants to kick his leg over, and you want to make sure he doesn't put his foot into the cup. I have never had it happen to me, but I'm always aware of it, and there'll be a day when it does happen. So I've got hold of him. Tell me, look at the back end of him, see the testicles. See, you can see here, I've got a pretty good grip, and I've got pretty good control of this dog. He can try and walk away on me, but I'm just going to hang on to him with this. And now we're going to go to T's dog, and help out the situation. And now you can see he's starting to produce more. Here he goes. Normal situation is that this dog will be thrusting around for about 15 seconds and calm down and then start producing. You can see on the side of the cup it's kind of got a milky color to it. So that's then what's called a sperm rich fraction. You can specifically see there's a kind of drop there. You can see that drop going down. It's got a kind of milky, got a nice milky look to it. That's going to go clear here in a bit. And when that goes clear, I'm going to let him go a few more drops of clear and then I'm going to stop collecting. Because I don't, I'm not trying to collect, it's not the volume that counts. What counts here is collecting the sperm rich fraction. And the reason why you don't want to collect prostate fluid after that is because that's detrimental to actually shipping. You want to replace that with the extender. And so you don't want lots of volume here. What you want is you want nice, you know, cloudy looking seamen and maybe one or two C's either seamen. So he's slowed up on me significantly. I'm going to guess he's going to start going clear on me. And we'll let people watch, give that right there the tip, tell me if you can look right where it fits with glass. I'll see if I can go as clear on this. And hasn't gone there yet. Now he's not just spray a little bit of stuff that's not much at anything. There it is. Okay, and that was clear. That was clear. So we'll just then do that one more time and kind of clear the old pipe cell. I still got firm pressure on it. And there it is. Right, they're totally clear. Okay, so we've done so now we're just going to get him out of the cup. And if you take him, that's what we claim to not want. Okay, so now what we do is, is we take this and we immediately decant this into this bag. Okay, so I carefully pour this into here. Don't get in the hurry on it. Don't want to spill over it. It's any sediment in there. You want to do it slowly because you'll leave the sediment behind. Okay, so now the cement is in the wall pack. Now we're going to add, there's about a CC in a half there. We're going to do a two to one ratio of this. So here's my warmed up extender. I know where it is, because I know how much it is. So there's one of the half CCs. I'm going to put that in here. And I'm going to do another one in the whole CC. Like I said, so now, pull this around so I can get any last remnants of cement. And there we go. That's what we can ship. Just pass some drinks out. So now what we do is, we just... There it is. There's the finished product. And I know I don't have my ship meat products here, but now I just pop the ship meat and ship it off. So that's it in the video.