 Hey guys it's Doc and I promised I'd record the fence restoration video when I was doing it back here in the back so this is part one. Part one is going to be cleaning this fence and how we clean it. Part two is going to be staining this fence and how we stain this nasty old thing. So hold on once again. Hey guys it's Doc and I'm going to break in here real quick. It's actually the next morning but I want to do let you know exactly what I'm going to do on this video. I'm going to talk about the three-phase solution for cleaning fences that I've proven years and years and years that this was the best way to clean the fence especially if you're going to stain a fence but it's a one two three. You apply a cleaner, you use the proper equipment to pressure wash it and then you reapply the cleaner afterwards. So that's the three prong attack. I'm also going to go over the specific equipment that I found is really good for the average homeowner and then talked about different little tips and tricks and little teeny products that make a big difference when you're doing this. So let's go forward. Hey guys if you haven't watched let me just point you to a couple videos real quick. If you haven't watched the pressure washing driveway video I go over a lot of this equipment in that what I use. If you haven't watched the what works video that's a cleaner video that what you're seeing right here is a bunch of series of panels that I actually did testing on with about 10 well different products in which one works best and there was one definite cleaner that was the winner by far hands down. Matter of fact the manufacturer even sent us a message to say we love your video. Anyways so in part one what I'm going to do is I'm going to be using the cleaner to pretreat the fence and then I'm going to go back and power wash it and why do you do that on wood versus concrete. It's pretty simple concrete here you're basically taking off a layer of concrete. I mean you're blasting you can feel it on your legs. There really is no reason to use a supplemental cleaner on concrete unless you have stains. If you have grease stains if you have paint stains or something like that then you want to use a supplemental. The other thing that's important about that cleaner video is we do a full breakdown of understanding mold, mildew and algae. A lot of people don't understand it. They don't understand the difference between algae and mildew or fungus. They don't understand that putting down a cleaner only helps you for a very short period. They don't understand that in every cubic yard of air that blows by me today it's kind of breezy out here. There's a hundred thousand new mold spores coming in contact with your fence. Let me say that again. Every cubic yard of air that blows by here there's a hundred thousand new mold spores coming in contact with your fence. If you don't believe it there's something they invented called Google. I'm trying it. So mold spores and all these things are constantly coming in contact with your fence. So really the only reason to put an application on there really is not to kill those because you're going to be removing that layer. It does kill it but you want to clean it. You want to make this cleaning job a lot easier. So what we're doing today is we're going to be spraying this on where it will be killing the mold that's on there. It will be removing it. It will be cleaning it but it makes power washing that much easier and that's less pressure and less aggressiveness I have to use on my fence. Now when it comes to wood definitely cleaning a deck and railings are different than cleaning a fence. Let me tell you why. When you put pressure on wood wood has hard grain and soft hard and soft hard and soft. Those are sort of the growth rings. The hard ones are the actual outer bark sort of growth rings the darker ones and then the softer ones are the lighter ones in between. Now if you put a bunch of pressure and you go in there and blast guess what's going to happen you're going to have that ridging effect where you actually get ridges and it's not going to be smooth anymore the wood's not going to be smooth. So if you're doing a surface that you're going to walk on or a hand rail that you're going to touch you're definitely going to want to use a lot more cleaner and a lot less pressure because you don't want to striate that wood you don't want to create grooves in that wood. So you definitely want to use as much cleaner as possible to get as much of the stuff off and gently pressure wash a wood deck or anything that's on a flat surface. So if it's on a flat surface you want to be very gentle with it. When it comes to a fence no one's going to come near it no one's going to touch it you can blast away. I don't care if it striates the wood on this. I just want to get it clean because I'm prepping it for stain. The next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to show you the equipment that I'm going to use and just to preface this I've done commercial pressure washing I've used the world's most powerful equipment big truck mounted high pressure hot water equipment all the way down to stupid little things they're just like man this doesn't work. I've even tried electric ones. The friend of mine has an electric one that was like to unplug this thing I'm not using it. Just not enough pressure. But I'm going to show you the unit. It's up on my product links. If you go to the website howtooidock.com you'll see I have a product link page and this was the winner in the valuations I did for the average homeowner. Number one you'll never want any more pressure. 3200 psi is a good amount of pressure. 2.5 gallons per minute is plenty of cleaning for the average homeowner. If you're going to do sidewalks, dryways, houses, fences, decks this thing is perfect. The reason why I chose this one is because it's very small it's very lightweight it's very portable and let's face it you put away a pressure washer and you use it how many times a year maybe four or five times a year that's it you're going to use it for how long maybe 20 hours at a shot. For me I have a massive fence so I actually paid my son to do the inside of the fence. I was paying them like $15-$20 an hour at the power wash defense. You can call it, you need money, get out there and work. So but this is this is by far I love this you know right so let me go over I'm going to go over this kind of quickly so stick with me here. So this is the unit that I bought it's up on the websites the Simpsons the 3200 psi 2.5 and it's very small as you can see. So there's my foot there's a unit but it has a ton of pressure on it has the Honda engine on it. These Honda engines we have four of these engines the GC's at the shop 190's we actually have them in water pumps never had an issue with them ever. I know a lot of people say well it's a small engine it's they're great little engines if you want something that weighs about half the weight of a normal one. The next thing I'm going to talk to you about real quick is the reason why I like this unit too is it has a feed line versus a tank. Some of these units come with supplemental tanks and the problem is is there's no way usually to empty those tanks so if you're going to put a cleaner in the tank you can't empty that tank out and it sits there and it gums up. The nice thing about this is you just pull his hose out when you're done and when flush it out flush that that stuff out. Now my little suggestions of course the redneck solution this is gorilla tape I have on here and I actually put a loop of gorilla tape up to here the stuff does not come off by the way I fold it so it doesn't stick and I actually have my cleaner sitting right on this and the tube right into this and if you notice I just cut a little slot that holds that tube in there nice cut a little slot in there that's and so now everything go everything moves with me I could just replace this gallon as I go next this little green accessory that I have a link on the website for see how far back the hose connection is on most of these pressure washers this extends it out towards nice and easy. The next thing is is at some point in time you're going to want to shut the hose pressure the hose off and so I put a valve on here I do put that valve on before I go and of course I use the larger not the half inch this is the 5-8 hose that I have a link to on the website this is the zero G hose and I absolutely love so is there anything else so I do have an extension wand on here today so I can stay a little bit drier there's a link to that in the website so the cleaner that I'm using today is the 32nd cleaner the one that I use there's a link on the website you can actually order just right off Amazon and you can get a two gallon or four gallon case pack on it by the way on this Simpson pressure washer the reason why I tell you to order it from Amazon and nowhere else what follow my link and read it is because you can get the four year protection plan on this thing for 15 bucks let me see that again you can get the four year protection plan on this thing for 15 dollars if you go anywhere else it's going to cost you about 90 bucks I always all my electronics all anything that's mechanical I always buy through Amazon simply because of their protection plan all right so here are the fence panels let me just walk you down real quick because I'm not sure you're going to watch the video but we did testing on this and you can see there's a little number one here so there's a little number one and we did testing on this and we tested this panel with a product we tested this was almost one a month ago this panel with a product here's the scots this panel this is Joe Max this is what it looks like after almost a month now here's the wet and forget that's the wet and forget panel this is the one that I'm using see the difference on it look at the difference on that see that big clean panel that's the cleaner there's no pressure washing on this look at the difference look at the difference from here to here no pressure washing that's just the cleaner that I'm using today chlorox outdoor cleaner what is this TPC I forget what that is I forget what that is this is just pressure washing and then this is pressure washing with the cleaner so that's why I'm what I'm doing today now you can see this nasty area back here no one ever comes back here it's just dense wood there's all kinds of deer back here so this fence is just it's just nasty but we're going to restore it because these things are 50 bucks a panel to replace all the way around and this fence is massive it's pretty much it I'm going to show you this thing has a self application you use the black tip when you put the applicator on it's a 717 to 1 ratio is what it sprays out at which is just about right you always keep that tip that black tip that goes in my pocket that goes in my pocket and then I'll be using the 40 degree if you look here it tells you white is 40 degree you either use 40 or 25 I think I can just get away with 40 40 today since I'm using the cleaner the first thing you want to do first thing you want to do you want to bleed all the air you hear that one popping that it'll go pop pop pop pop pop now it's so important to get all that air out of this line push it in put up spin that way you know your tip's not going to go flying off all your fists dry and then what you want to do is put it in the right one for your soap on this unit there is no honor off for the soap attachment and what ends up happening is the only time the soap engages is when you have that black tip low pressure on you can see it when you push your handle the soap will start going through the tube this it will not engage when you have any kind of pressure tip on it does that make sense it's kind of weird but I had to call the factory and forget that out so you're going to do a panel do a good panel do several panels up let it sit and then just start change your tip out and start pressure wash all right so let's talk about spray patterns and distance if you have a stain fence it's already stained you're going to have to stay probably I would say 12 to 24 inches away from it otherwise you're going to remove the stain off of it in most cases oil based less so then a water based or acrylic product but I did do a panel here I did do one stain panel here just to show you we actually stained around the corner of it but I treated this stain panel and I power wash it so I could show you that yes you can clean and power wash a state fence has already been stained next when you get down to your raw wood or your old fence that you want to stain you're going to end up moving probably anywhere from 12 to 3 inches away from it and I'm going to put that on but you're going to keep a constant movement up and down constant moving when you stop you're going to leave a little cut line I'm just going to warn you so if you stop that pattern you're going to leave a sort of like a little cut line into the wood so you want to keep it anywhere from say four inches to 12 inches and play with it and see how far you can go and see but the key is is a constant movement if you miss a spot don't stop and go get the spot come back to it and otherwise you're going to get those those variation what I call cut marks into the wood so I'm going to kind of zoom in a little bit and let you see this so let me explain what I'm doing there you have wood that has a bunch of junk on it and you're spraying your cleaner on it and the cleaner attacks the junk now you're go back with a pressure washer and you take that whole layer off of cleaner and junk now you have exposed wood go back and re spray the opened up exposed wood with the cleaner again and leave it so what I've done is is I've sprayed it once with a cleaner left it on there for a few minutes power wash it I actually changed out to my 75 degree tip because this stuff is so nasty I wanted more power so I went to the green 75 degree tip after I clean it then I go back and I spray it again with 30 second through that low pressure one if you want they make a hose end bottle which I have and after you're done pressure washing it you can even do it then disconnect the hose disconnect the hose from the power washer putting on the hose end bottle and just walk all the way down this fence and spray it again again it should be a two phase process or a three phase pre-treat with the 30 second pressure wash get that open up the wood get all that crap off the surface of it and then go back and re-treat it with 30 second which is a heavy is a lot of bleach inside that stuff but there's other stuff as well too and what you'll have is you'll have a beautiful brand new looking fence once it dries and it'll be fairly mold and mill the resistance for a little while but then it'll be really nice and easy to stain that fence and look great so one thing I forgot to point out is when you're cleaning your fence especially on older fences you're going to have dirt getting up against your fence and I forgot to make this point what you want to do is before you start cleaning up and down you want to go deep into the bottom of that and shoot in at an angle like this down at the very bottom so you want to take your pressure washing one and walk along very slowly and what you'll do is you'll open up that little gap where the dirt and the wood meet keep it from rotting so much but what's going to happen is is if you come down and you hit that so if I'm standing here and if I come down and hit that I'm going to get a big mud bath that shoots back in my face so one of the first things you do before you start on a panel is actually go along the bottom very slowly keep spraying keep spraying keep spraying and get that bottom three or four inches clean so you don't have to come in and hit it down here look at the gym I do that's a little dog out there Linda what are you doing there you're going to get wet you need a move so anyways good tip there okay two more quick notes shut off the power wash again uh angle of attack angle of spraying and alga sides versus power wash I don't knock products because these products have their own particular place let's see here this is the area where I apply the wet and forget now wet and forget there's really good on algae green if you have rocks patia has a bunch of green sprayed on leave it kills it but this is almost four weeks ago we treated this with wet and forget and this is still wet I want you to see something I want you to look at the difference here that is power wash that is with just wet and forget after after four weeks so again I'm not knocking a product it has its place but an alga side is not a cleaner like can't stress out enough next let's talk about the angle of attack um the more straight and dead on you are the more cleaning power you have when you start to shoot at an angle you have less cleaning power when you start to shoot at an angle like this you have less cleaning power you will have the greatest cleaning power when you're dead on it something facing dead on it not at an angle this way not at an angle this way so that is where the longer rod that I have a link on the website the longer rod does come into does come in handy because it allows you not to bend over so much while you're doing this and just raise and lower your arms you can actually get too powerful by going straight at it sometimes especially see this on concrete you can literally feel rocks hitting your legs if you go straight into concrete sometimes you got to angle it and say dude that's just way too powerful but again so understand the angle of the the best power that you get the best power is dead on so that's why you want to move with it rather than just going up and down like this you want to move your arms up and down with it because that's where you get your most power I'm using the 75 degree tip because it's faster actually even though the 40 degree is wider the 75 degree is more power and I can move faster with it and quick note mainly to myself how much cleaner does it take to clean how much fence if you do this method where you do a pretreatment power wash then spray behind yourself I'm able to do 60 feet of fence with one gallon of cleaner based on the pressure washer 7 to 1 ratio does it make sense so basically per gallon 60 feet of fence is what I'm able to do that way and that's pretreatment power wash spray behind me as I go with a light coat a little note in peace on here so now since I have this on here I can shut this off I can take it off my pressure washer and I can use my hose and now this is the hose and attachment now I will tell you that this comes out almost twice the strength and so here's what you do after you're done pressure washing get one of the hose ones and just real quickly just run this over run it over it's very concentrated when it comes out of here and man let me tell you what look at how bright that fence is looking down there already this is in the shade but I'm just going to set the camera up and let you watch me run and there's deer running all behind here anyways I think you get the idea when you run the 30 second cleaner through the pressure washer you're probably on a 7 to 1 dilution ratio when you go through the hose use their hose end product it's probably like a 3 to 1 I mean it's much stronger so again use it get the gallon use it on your pressure washer pretreat and go back when you're completely done get one of the hose end bottles and spray the entire fence with the hose end and walk away from it and I'll tell you what I'm going to come back here I'll come back here in a couple hours and I'll show you what it looks like it's pretty dark all right one more note as we start to get into these debris areas back here especially I always like to cut in under the fence and I've got a piece of video that I'm going to put up here and let you see me doing that and what I'm doing is I'm actually cutting removing all the dirt away from the fence opening it up and you're actually almost creating a small trench in there so let me show you here what I mean see what I'm doing here but you can see the wood bird wood-wood eating insects that have started to come in here and well that might be carpenter bee that might be turned that looks like termite so what I'll do now now that I've opened this up and I've separated the dirt from the wood I will come back in here with the it biffen and I'll put up a link to that on the website if you go to the pest control you'll see biffen up there get some biffen and come back and really really strong put a real heavy strong line all along that fence down in here but I did that all the way down here it's really bad because I'm back here towards the woods now and it's really bad back in my effect it looks like there's bees or something to the hole right there there's a hole for something but it looks like man it's just all been in here just eaten as crap so you know that's never been done here so blast a trench right below your fence at least on one side if not both and put a whole bunch of biffen in there and I don't want to do the other side because the dogs are in there but this will kill whatever is in here it's been about a gonna a couple hours let's see if it dry they probably won't be dry look at how good that wood looks wow that's just amazing but man that fence is just bright white I mean looks like brand new wood holy cow let me get my hand next to that so you can see that that is just that is just amazing right there how beautiful that wood looks I'll probably have to come back out here and shoot this once the once the actual sun goes down well that looks pretty good there look at that look how clean that fence is that's impressive so it's ready for staining so it's it's ready for staining come back here and stain this the staining goes really quick I can probably stain this whole fence in 45 minutes maybe and I'll be doing a video separate video on the staining I'll be using two paint two staining machines I'm going to use my old one first and getting ready to order a new one that I'm going to show you guys too so but this is just there's anyone tells you any other way any other way to clean a fence pressure washer fence they don't know what the hell I talked about on sorry this is the way to go so anyways guys make sure you click that subscribe button down there that little red button down there click that subscribe button like the video hate the video push the hate button there's a hate button push hate just push one of them and the subscription will just let you know when we put out the new videos so you'll know when I actually do the staining on this I think what I'm going to do is I'm kind of debating I may use my old paint sprayer for this fence and then I'm ordering a brand new paint sprayer that I may use for the backside of the fence just to show the differences between the two that may be a good way to do it too talk to you later doc