 Hey gang, Brad here. Today we're gonna make some real ghetto wine out of some pineapple cores. What the fuck? Fah, pineapple cores. About these wrong pineapple cores, okay? The pineapple cores. The hell sells a tin of pineapple cores this big. We need stuff into tiny little pieces of shit. Don't even buy pineapple cores into tin because they taste like shit. We're gonna try to make wine out of it to that. I'm in a real big curry. Couldn't even open the pineapple tin properly. So much of a haramine and also how retarded I am. Let me go to spoon. Hmm. The important thing when making wine is sterility. You want it to be real clean. Just pick the spoon out of the holder. So I'm gonna hurry. If it doesn't work, what if I lost it? What's some sugar and some pineapple cores? Getting this all over the table. Sweating into it. So this big jar of yeast that's made wine before. It's a real good jar for making wine. You know, a little small. I'm gonna get a bigger one. It's five liters. We're gonna put all the pineapple cores into the jar. You can use real pineapple if you want. I know this one. I know this one. Just pineapple cores it up. I've never seen pineapple wine before. I've never wanted to drink pineapple wine. So I told this to be quick. I'm trying to go as quick as I can. God damn it. Get in there. The sun of the gun. Anyway, what we're gonna do is we're gonna fill this with this is coal, by the way. It's been in the fridge. Open it yesterday. As many reasons as this may not work. One is because I opened it yesterday. Two is gonna be sweating all over the goddamn place. Three is because I cleaned this with hot water and shampoo. It sounds dumb. Doesn't it? It does sound dumb. Sounds like a dumb thing to do. I had no dishwasher in the liquid. It's gonna be ghetto as shit. If you're in a desert, I don't know. I already got it. Well, you go to the can of pineapple cores and a five-headed glass jar and some yeast and some water and some sugar on your like G. I wanna make pineapple wine. Then the shampoo is fine. I didn't mention shampoo then. Cut a bad day, by the way. It's getting worse when I'm powering through it. I'm just powering through it. My name is Stopping. My name is Stopping and being like, oh, I first started it to myself. Did you know what? I could do that every damn day. I almost ran into it in the jar. What I'm gonna do now? Is that cool? I mean, I had some hot water. Just to get things out of temperature. yeast needs a warm, you know, not boiling, but this. This is clean water. This is room temperature clean water. Oh, I bought it. Not for this level, so I don't need it. You can just tap water, but you should boil it. Don't use Chinese tap water, just boil it. It's random, isn't it? What am I going to do? I'm gonna do that. I really got something coming up, but I don't know. So this should be bubbling over. It started to bubble. I have no time. This is yeast. Putting it in. Putting in the yeast. You'll know if this is failed or not in just an hour or so, because we'll start bubbling if it's worked. Now, we're gonna add some sugar. Yeast eats sugar. Yeast eats sugar. Remember that. If you have a yeast infection, don't put honey in it. I'll let that somewhere. Not what I was going to do. I used to think you'd get yeast infection from drinking beer when you had a cotton earmob. But you can't, right? Right? You can't. Sugar, usually what I'll do is I dissolve the sugar in hot water before I add it. But like I said, I'm in a goddamn hurry. How much sugar should you put in? If you put in however much you damn have. Or actually less. You don't want too much. It won't be sweet. It won't be sweet. It will be sour, I'm guessing. Sour. All right, this is going to be wine. Should I start? Ah. I'll start tomorrow. But what we're going to do is we're going to let this bubble for a few days. If it comes up too much, I'm going to stir it on back down. And then a few days, we're going to put in a damn bottle, close the damn bottle, put that somewhere for a few weeks, and then drink it. Voila. It's about three hours later. What's who I was later, maybe? And as maybe you can see, there's mosquitoes freaking everywhere on this because a little known fact, mosquitoes love carbon dioxide. They seek it out, which is why they can find us so easily. But yeah, that's bubbling along. Certainly got a, ooh, I can't just set under my bottle. Bubbling along? That's not going to help, is it? It's sort of room temperature now. And looking quite unremarkable. All right, well, this has been bubbling away for about four days. I'll try to zoom in. And if you can see the bubbles, actually, I can't see the bubbles in my little camera. But all of that moved. Do you see that? Anyway, it's slowing down. The bubbling is slowing down. So I expect it to stop tomorrow or the next day. You see all the pineapples going up to the top. What I do is I use this here tool that I made out of a coat hanger. And I clean it with some hot water each time, just to make sure it's got no bacteria on it. And I just push it all down and mix it all up. And then I put the lid back on. And then I just get the flavors and crapping there. Because this is just sitting above the water and in a pocket of CO2. But I don't know if you need to do that. I saw some other guys doing that in their wine video. And that's what I've been doing whenever I make wine. So of course, this is a bit of an experiment. So there you go. You can learn how to make this tool in my 12-part DVD series available on Amazon. The third one of May, my wife hates it. Here's some kittens. Hi, guys. Day six. This thing is a little troubling, which means it's time to do something. At the start of this, it was going to make wine. I'm not going to make wine anymore. I'm going to make beer because wine takes a little longer. If you want to make wine, this is what you do. You take out all this pulp, strain it out, in a straining bag, and you add more sugar and shit, and put it back in and leave it. But I'm going to make beer. So what we have, everything here is boiled and cleaned, because you want it to be very clean. So if you want to make beer, take your bottles, these are spried bottles. Wex some sugar in there. And that'll give it its bubbles, because it'll keep a very scientific spill at all over the table. That helps just a bit of sugar in there, and a bit of sugar in there, and I'll keep fermenting. Because you got the lid on the pressure will force the gas into the liquid, and it'll be bubbly. So I'll say again, if you want wine, I'm not saying it again for you. All right, what I'm going to do is I'm going to strain it in there, with the help of my lovely wife. It's all right, come on. All right, so it's all right. What I need you to do is take that. I'm going to hold this. We're going to spill it all over the table. I boiled these spried bottles and they're all walked out of shape, but it shouldn't matter too much. All right, so this is some clove to strain out the, not slowly, don't we? Slowly pour that in there. It smells like beer, actually. Slowly, slowly, slowly. OK, fail. What was that? Feel the flame, you know, heat out just pour that. Make sure get go go So I'll be sure to let you know what you're talking about. All right, so because there's sugar in there, that'll keep from any for a little bit. It'll go bubbly. You probably might see it bubbling like we did before because it has nowhere to escape to. Wack this somewhere for two weeks. All these little wrinkles fill out. Okay, all right. Two weeks later, here is ready. It's cold. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Coventinated. Stinks like yeast. This is the only clear cup that I can find. It's a measuring cup. Quite clear. Quite bubbly. Ooh. Does smell like yeast. It's so bad. It's actually not bad at all. I don't know. It doesn't taste much like pineapple. It doesn't taste much like pineapple. I don't want to find you. She's not. She won't wait up. Ah, that's the coffee of enjoyment. Boutienne. Boutienne? Boutienne? All right, so red. Doesn't taste much like pineapple. Does have a slight pineappleness about it. It's not blue swan, Deema. It's not sour. Good. It is good. It is good. All right, so let's say you do it. Do that thing. If you ever wind up with too many pineapple cause, or you could actually use good pineapple that would be fine. And cut. Goodbye. Turn around. Stay tuned. I got two more, at least, strange alcohols to make.