 So there you have your sound, you're going to jump it out, kind of break it up a little bit because you're going to mix it up. So I kind of mushed up a little bit, kind of broke it up a little bit. Please remember to be careful because I hate when eggshells ran my flu by the way. And then you're going to just jump that somewhere. Then you're going to mix it up. Okay. And you wanted to get kind of like, not really like a batter, but you want to get it towards all mixed up. I have a really small cup of flour because I'm not going to use a lot. I just have the flour so that it can stick together. Okay. So we put our flour in there and we're going to stir it up. Basically what I'm doing here is I'm adding some garlic salt. Okay. I'm adding some onion salt. And then I'm also adding some seasoning salt. Then I also adding some black pepper. Now if you have high blood pressure, use whatever. So we've 1 egg so far. A pinch of flour. Our seasoning. Now what I like to do is I really like bread. I'm going to add some bread crumbs in there. Just get you a piece of bread. Okay. I'm going to crumble it up a little bit and get it inside the salmon and just crumble it. And I'm just stirring it up. You can kind of smash bread in there as well. As I'm mixing that by green onion and my white onion. And I'm actually doing the final mix because once I've been mixing all of this up here, it's going to be ready. What I'm doing here is I'm going to go ahead and put it in my pan. Do you believe that the grease was trying to tell me it is ready? Kind of shape it like that. You can put it in any shape you want it, whatever hard, cupcake, you know, but kind of like that. And then you're going to sit inside the grease like so. Okay. So if you look at the salmon, they're kind of brown at the bottom. You'll know when you flip when they get brown at the bottom. Okay. So you're going to kind of flip it and flip it kind of like you do a burger until they're really brown. Alright. So if you look, they're kind of brown. Very nice and beautiful. Look at that. Don't forget to get chewed nice, absorbent napkin. I love those things. It's good and it's great. So they're just such a great thing. Oh my god. But anyway, so they're actually done here. And how do you know they're done? Because they're really nice and brown. Okay, journey, they're almost ready, girl. So anyway, these are done here. Okay. And they're nice and firm and beautiful and ready to go inside of that tummy. Alright, stay tuned for more recipes. You guys enjoy it because I'm definitely going to enjoy my salmon croquette.