 This is Janet Grimher and in this video we're going to show you how to make and fold doggy bow ties. And as far as dog bow ties, we're going to show how to make a dog bow as well for female dogs in their hair. But as far as dog bow ties go to the nails, we all need to fabric and some shears. We're using painting shears because it helps with the frame. So if this helps with the material frame too much, rather than a straight cut. So first I'm going to go through and just make a cut. Oh man, I'm sure it's okay. First I'm going to go through and make a cut. And also sometimes when I try to, you know, normally, oh man it's not coming out right away. I remind myself, you know, it's just doggy bow ties. So I'm going to go through and try to make it as even as possible. So try to make the video as cut as possible. And so this is just better than we think about it, Joanne. And this is a yard. But I'm going to cut about three inches. So here we go. So there's one, two, three, about three inches. But it's not exact, but it's about three inches. And this is going to be the height of the bow tie. And then we can make the width as much as we want. But this is going to be the height of the bow tie. So I think that we do four inches. I feel like too much like a clown bow tie, you know, it'd be too high. So we're going to do about three inches. But it's not, again, it's not an exact, I don't really, you know, I just going to eye it. Okay. So now we have this strip here, right? Okay. All right. So now on this strip here, what I'm going to do is open it up. And then fold it over one time. And then I'm going to fold it over again. But how much are you folding over? Okay. So I fold over about, about with my hand. But let's see how much it is. And I overlapped this to kind of give the fold a little bit of, a little bit more. Stirred in as I guess. So it holds the shape better. So let's see. We're folding it over about six inches. Let's see. Let's do. Yeah, about five and a half inches, five and a half to six inches. So that's as much as I'm folding it. But really, even on like when I make rice or anything, I just kind of put my hand in there and just kind of measure it. Everybody else. So I just kind of eye everything. So that's what we do. So what I'm going to do is fold it over my hand, right? So fold it over my hand, right? And then, because I've overlapped it, it's going to see it kind of gives it a little shape already, right? And now I'm going to fold this side over again. Oh, you don't want to. How long will this be? Well, if you're buying a yard of fabric, it doesn't matter. It's all going to be the same size. Okay. Well, somebody asked me how long this is. Well, if when you buy fabric, it's folded in half and you cut it, it's all going to be the same length. Okay. Alright, cool. Fair enough. So we fold that over. I fold it over my hand. Alright. And then, I want to fold it over again. And then, fold it over one more time. Right? So now we're back to the pattern facing us. And from here, I'm going to fold a little triangle like that. Alright? So this is the kind of shape you want. So we're going to end up with like a little hockey stick almost or a cutter, I guess. And then, we're going to fold that in half like that. So dad, you're taking too long because the girl's hands are getting... Oh, I'm sorry. Okay, so we folded in half like... I don't want to go too fast either. So now we have this. This is going to create the middle of our bow tie. So this goes around. So we have it here, right? So we've got this triangle. We fold it in half. We fold that over. And then back under. Right? Then we fold this around and tuck it under here. Under that loop that we made. Like a bed? Yeah. Loopy loop and through the hoop, pull it tight. And that's alright. And then what we want to do with this end piece here is tie a little knot. So that'll kind of create our little stopper. Right? And then we pull it around here. Put it back around. Pull that tight. Oh, shit. And break it. So you pull that tight. Kind of work it and shape it. Okay, pull it on. Get them after bulltizing this. And then we pull it on once again. We'll do that one more time because it's not alright. And also I think I folded too much here. So, okay, so we're right there. So right now we're going to do five inches. So five inches. And then that's going to be much better. There we go. Pull it back around. And you know sometimes the second time you do it, I don't know, for some reason maybe because you've already made the creases in the fabric, it just works a little better the second time sometimes. So you go back around. You put it through there. I've already tied the knot. Fix the bow. Fix the bow and then. Fix the bow. Well, it's going to kind of fix the bow a little bit. And then pull it tight. As you fix it. There we go. Where's we? I don't know. Oh, and then you're just perfect. Okay, so it's kind of taking its shape. It's kind of taking shape. So you work it a little bit. You pull this through and work this a little bit. That was my model. Okay, so you kind of fiddle with that a little bit. So there you go. Right? And then now we can adjust. We can make it tighter or looser using that stopper. Right? And then we mean. And if you have a bigger dog, you're going to make the width smaller. So here you go. So that you have extra fabric for around the neck. And then we're wrongly mean. And then we'll use this adjuster that we made here. We'll make it a little tighter. And there you go. Yeah. That was going from that side. Should I put it together? No. Let's go. I can, I can fix it. I'll be using it. You must be with me here. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, and then this, if it sticks out too long, you can tuck it. Right here. Here we go. So that's how we make a little pitch adipo tie. No way. No tight loom. None of that necessary, you just fold it. And you know, it takes a little nagling. You know, you just gotta work it. But yeah, I think it looks really nice, especially for pictures for that day, you know, and this is probably gonna last for a day or two, they could throw it away, but some hard clients actually, they keep it, they last for years. So, it gets just up. The dogs use it. Should we go ahead and do this or just do that in another video? Just put it to the wrong. I mean, the videos are really shaky because they're not always like focused or kids. Yeah, alright, so we did the video about dog eating out. Yes. Happy Independence Day coming up.