 Hi friends, welcome back to my channel. If you are new to my channel, then I will tell you about the name of my channel, Indian Girl Channel. In today's video, I will show you a very amazing DIY gel, which will give you a super silky shine. This gel will help you to make a super silky, shiny, soft and smooth gel. And you can also use it to control your hair. So let's see how this gel is made and how to apply it. And also how to apply it. But before watching this video, I will try to make it very easy. And I will show you how to make it very easy. But before watching this video, please subscribe to my channel. And if you want more videos like this, then let's start. For making hair gel, you need a flexed sheet. It also contains a sheet of alcy beach. I have purchased 50 grams of flexed sheet in 55 rupees online. I will give it in the description box of my purchase link. You can check it out. For making hair gel, I am taking 1 cup flexed sheet. Now put this flexed sheet in a container. Now add 3 to 4 cups of plain water. Now boil it for 5-10 minutes in high flame. After boiling it, turn off the flame. Take a clean container and store it. And put it in the container before it cools down. You can store it in a container for some time. Take out the flexed sheet from the container. Take out the flexed sheet from the container. After cooling down the container, it becomes more thick. I am adding 3 to 4 drops of lavender essential oil. You can add any essential oil. This is totally optional. You can skip it. You can store this gel in a refrigerator for 10-15 days. And if you add essential oil, you can store it in a refrigerator for 22-25 days. Now for using, take a bowl of gel from your hair length. I am adding extra virgin olive oil. You can add any kind of coconut oil. Now divide the hair into 4 parts. Apply gel in your scalp and hair. In flexed sheets, essential vitamins and minerals are applied. Hair follicles are applied to it. And helps in stronger and healthier hair growth. In flexed sheets, omega-3 fatty acid is applied to the dry scalp. And improves the elasticity of the hair. The amount of hair that is less than the amount of hair. And this is a dandruff of X-Zema. And also helps in getting the condition of the scalp. Flexed gel helps in getting the hair and scalp to get the hair shiny. And this is a UV rays, dust and pollution. Your hair gets protected from the pollution. I have also added olive oil. Because in olive oil, anti-oxidants are used in the body. Which protects the hair from harmful UV rays. Olive oil is used to nourish the hair. In olive oil, omega-6 and omega-9 fatty acid is applied to the hair. And this is called microbial properties, fungus and bacteria. Which help in getting the condition of the scalp, dandruff and clove follicles. After applying this hair in all the hair, you can tie your hair. And leave it to dry completely. Then wash your hair with any good mild shampoo. I have done shampooing and after shampooing, I have applied it to the skin. I have done this to get the best effect on the hair. I have done this to get the best effect on the hair. And this is a very good condition for the hair. I will show you how to get the best hair. It is very good for your hair. And it is very soft. It is very manageable. And it is very shiny. It is very nice and shiny. It is very good for your hair. It is very nice. I will try to apply this to the scalp for the last 6 months. I will try to apply this for the last 2-3 months. I like this very much. Now, if you like this video, please do like this video. And share this video with your friends. So that you can share this video with your friends. And do not forget to subscribe to my channel. Do subscribe to my channel. And do subscribe to my channel as well. And do not forget to press the bell icon. You will get notifications whenever I come. So, I will see you later.