 Hey, this is Tristan at Mahalo and we are at the Hipcooks Cooking School in West Los Angeles. And today I'm going to show you how to make tuna salad and American classic. Okay, these are the ingredients that are going in. I've got my can of tuna and the lid is off. When you open a can of tuna, there is water in there or olive oil. Generally for tuna salad, we'll use the tuna packed with water. And I need to squeeze that water out. I'm actually going to do it in a bowl so you can see me squeeze it out. So just run the water out. And you don't have to make the tuna super dry because then you'll just need to add mayonnaise to moisten it up again. So leave a bit of the moisture in there. And then that can be thrown away. So into the bowl goes the tuna. Lay in a simple so far. Okay, I like to make my tuna a little healthier by adding some vegetables. So I have some celery here that I will chop up and carrots. This is not only healthier but it gives an added crunch and color. And if you're given these to your kids, look at the added vegetables. So crunch and color. I just kind of pack it in there. Make some more interesting than just tuna. And one dill pickle. Slice. I love these knives. All right. All right. Now for the dressing. Manneys, mustard and lemon. Lemon goes with any fish. So I put it in with my tuna too. So a little sport of dijon if you like dijon. And let's say about a tablespoon. This is really the taste. So it's whatever's best to you. And it's also about consistency. It's got a tablespoon of mayonnaise. I'll start with that. And if you don't like mayonnaise, you can use whole yogurt. Sour cream is good too. And if you don't want anything creamy, just adding olive oil to your tuna. Okay. That looks good. It's not dry. Looks tasty. And I'll put a little bit of lemon in here. Just for a little zing. All righty. Eat it on crackers in a sandwich or just a good protein meal on its own. Whatever you like. Tuna salad. If there are any other dishes you'd like to see me prepare, please send an email to requestatmahalo.com. And in the meantime, check out our other videos.