 Hello everyone! Today I'd like to show you how I process juicy crystals and also crystal clusters. When the crystals are small or star does like it's called juicy. The juicy is a coating of fine crystals on the rock surface. Within a vogue or cavities or geod. Pieces are juicy like this. I leave as a specimen for my display cabinet. All I did to it was wash it and clean it. This one when found has already got a hole or a crack on the surface of the geod. All I did was cut it and polish the edges. Also this piece here and that one both of them came from the same area. To display this all I'm going to do is glue the other piece onto that. Maybe that way or for that way. So it's showing some nice, juicy crystals on them. So it wouldn't be worth my while to cut them into small pieces and turn them into jewelry. So they're best kept as a specimen. Also this big piece here came from Rala. That's showing the egg or it was a geod. As you can see and also the reverse side there's also some tiny, juicy crystals. But I'm going to display this by gluing a piece of the Marala Crystal which is a smoky quartz. It's got water inclusion. So that one on the tip there you can see that white blob on the tip there. That's a water inclusion or an hydro. So I would just glue this on top of this part. So I think that would look better in my display cabinet. This one is a good example of how the crystals grew on top of the crystal. If I turn this over on the bottom those are green quartz all through it. And more crystals grew on top. So I'm going to leave this one as a specimen as well. A lot of times when respecting four crystals you will find pieces that's already quite large. But if the crystal points are perfect then I would just wash this and put it in the display cabinet. But in this case crystal points already been damaged. So every single one as you can see has been damaged. So with big pieces like this I would tend to cut this across extracting every single piece of crystal. And the big ones I would polish them up because it's really difficult to polish this while still intact. So you won't get a flat surface like this one here. So with this one I will still leave this intact the way it is. Because although the tips or the points are damaged I would still be able to polish this. I just don't know how to show this to you. So I would say that face there as you can see on the side if I turn it around you can see that has a flat surface. We're in, let's have to turn this on the edge here. We're in, I could spare this part of the crystal from being grinded. So if, as you can see that, so I can put this at the edge of my flat lap and polish it. And also that side, as you can see. So pieces like this are not going to cut them or separate them. I will leave this one as is as well. So that in the future I could just polish this and still have the points on the crystal surface. Now we're going to cut this big piece that I don't really like. But once I cut this I'll be able to extract the big crystals and polish them. Then I would like to must better. So now I've cut around the crystal and there's still a little bit in the center that's hanging on. So now I'm going to get my tile snip and just tap this. Just gently. So as you can see. Now I only got a tiny bit to cut off. So now the next step is I'll see if I can split them up using a tile snip by just hitting it a little bit. There you go. So now I'm able to extract the big crystal and those ones ended up with a cluster. So but I'm still able to speed it up. So as I polish this I will leave the shaft and that way I've got something to hold on to when I'm polishing and grinding this. So now I've got another big piece here and those ones I'll just put it in another container here. And I'm going to continue hitting this. And I will also advise if you're doing this unless you get really thick calluses or skin like I do I suggest wear gloves because the crystal fractures are quite sharp. It's like a needle. So really really sharp so be careful because you can cut yourself again. And I hit it. You see how it just crumbles up. So now because I'm after that big crystal here and then the small ones are hanging on so I'm just going to snip it. Got two small ones. There's still another couple here hanging on to the big crystal. There you go and just another one on the side just for the north. So now I've got a bigger piece that looks like a lollipop that I can actually polish. And lots of even pointy crystals and that one snip it off. So now I've got a few large crystals that I can polish. I will show you in the future how to polish crystal faces. Now this one is also another example. It's got big crystals or cluster of crystals and the points are also damaged. But because of the way it's formed it is quite attractive to just leave it as easy for display specimen. Now this ones are clusters of crystals which most points are damaged. This one I might polish later on because it's got a nice clear crystal in the corner here. Which although it's got a bit of damage there I can still polish the points or the face on this side. Like this piece here. So I've polished one, two, three, four sides or facets or face of the crystal. And I think that looks much better compared to how it was when we found it. And this ones are all tumbled up pieces. So there's no definite point on them. And this ones is similar to them. And I just grinded each facet or crystal face and polished it. But this ones I will definitely spit this up open to see what crystals I can get out of it. And also that one because I can see a lot of clear crystals on this which are all or the points being damaged. Now this piece I'm going to cut off on the edge of the matrix because I want to extract the crystals. But I'm just studying it first up because it looks like there's a crack here that goes around through there. So I might be able to just snip this off with my tile snip just grabbing the edge of the crystal. Excellent. So now I can see the compacted sandstone where it's sitting on or where it grew on. And so now that one is still quite cute the way it is. But I might just leave that as a little specimen. And I'm going to work on this one because I'm really after this big crystal here. And to see what else is hidden inside them. So now I'm going to cut it off. The matrix is really soft because it's just compacted sandstone where the crystal formed. And so now I'm going to use my snip and my tile snip. So as you can see that's all got iron stains inside or through it. So now while I've got the camera set up here I might as well show you how I'm going to snip this off. And see what I can get. There are quite soft and it's just crumbling. So now the big piece has got a tiny little broken crystal on the side. And it's got calcification on the top and there's actually a droopy on the top of that. So now if I just polished the three faces then I would have something that I can use for making into a jewelry or pendant. And all the other little pieces as well. Even that would actually come out beautiful as a pendant. So just wire up a bit here and you still got the nice point. And this one would actually make into a nice pendant. So out of that one piece I've got a few pieces that I could turn into jewelry. And probably that other one as well. And this one you can see it's got both sides. So as that one. So this one I found this as is and did not do anything to it apart from cleaning it. And this one I grinded the edges. And I might still cut this on the sides here to make it into a pendant so that way it will sit flush on the chest. To make it into a beautiful pendant. So now I'll just have to grind the back and smoothen it but at least now that would sit nicely as a pendant. This ones here are already grinded and polished them. Like this one. This piece in particular is double-sided. So this will make a beautiful double-sided pendant. This ones I've cut it from the matrix. And this ones are little fragments or little chips. So there's a couple of crystals in them. So I didn't have to do anything to it because it just broken off from the matrix. So all I did was just wash and clean it. Again more examples of ones that I've done and this one is also a double-sided. And there's also tiny crystals in the bottom here. That one grinded and polished. And again another piece that broken off which I didn't have to do anything to. This one is actually an agate egg which I cut in half and you can see some drew-seek crystals inside. And pieces like this, this is the Marala crystal which when cut in half there's a lot of drew-seek crystals inside that one there but it's got that orange dirt that's still on them. And this one I'm able to clean it much better. So now with this little piece here that's got a protruding crystal on the edge. I'm going to need to cut around and grind off. And also I've got another piece like the same Marala crystal or Marala geod but this one has got a big crystal right in the center. And all the drew-seek around it, even the bigger crystal there. It's quite nice so what I want to do is take off all of these on the edges and so that way I'll just be left with the center clusters of crystals. I've also cut off or trim off the back. The trimming it is much easier and quicker than grinding it off so I like to trim off everything as much as I can. So now it'll be much quicker to grind it off. So now this one I'll show you what this looks like after I cut it off or maybe after I grinded the edges. Now after grinding, see that looks like an eye. And the other one with a protruding crystal. And the back of it. Beautiful orange rye light. And another agate with amethyst drew-seek. There's more of a geod with a small cavity inside. And this one and the piece of agate was got drew-seek quartz inside. And this piece is here. I've only washed them. Now this piece is quite large but it will make a beautiful pendant. And from the side you can see it's quite thick. What I want to do is cut straight across here and grind it off. Now up the top here there's a bit of fracture line. So what I'm going to do I'm just going to slip this off with my tile snip. And go. Still got a bit of drew-seek in it. So which means I can still just grind the back off. And this one now, if it sits that way, just grind off the white part in the corner here. So and cut it off in the back and that will turn out to be a nice big pendant. Now I've cut off the back and as you can see, that's still quite thick but I can grind it off. Make it thinner. But this side of it I'm going to trim off and also make it sit this way. So which means I have to cut a little piece of the back here to make it sit that way. With that point there. So now after trimming it off. Now that's ready to be grinded. When you're grinding some stones, never have a hard grinded on one spot. So always keep it in the ring. Now where you don't wear out your wheels. Now after grinding and polishing, you can see that that actually is a beautiful piece. So even when it sits on your chest from the side there, the white and dark matrix actually gives it a bit more character. That will make it a beautiful pendant. Now these three pieces of crystals are quite large. So you can see that one. I think it used to have calcifications on top or it might even be drew-seek crystals growing on top. But over time it has been tumbled up. And therefore losing a lot of the drew-seek crystals that grew on top of these large smokey quartz crystals. So this one I would leave it as is and not do anything to it because that's a good example of how you find it in Mother Nature as natural. Also this one. So even this one has got a damaged tip because it came from an old-timers malachique. They were looking for tin and did not bother with the crystals. So they threw it all away and we found them through their heap. And also that one. This one's actually quite sharp. The points of it. It has a little bit of knock in the corner but I'm still going to leave that as is. Because when you display that you're only seeing that part of it. So since it's at the back so it's still worth saving it and not doing anything to it. So it's actually like a gradual transition of how the crystals get tumbled up. So probably another piece in the front here or a really sharp crystal would be great. And to that, so it gradually transformed. So when I display this I display them as like that and I have to find another clear crystal that's elongated to go in the front of it. Maybe a smaller one. So just to show the different stages of crystal weathering. Now this piece here is quite large and as you can see it's all tumbled up. So there's no definite point on the surface so it's all tumbled up. So you can see the point as well. It's all stubby and rounded off. And now if I put a light through this one, you can see how clear it is. Now some people would probably just cut this up and turn it into small pieces of crystal and faceted or I could actually cut this one up and faceted it and turn it into a big faceted crystal. But I'm not going to do that. What I'm going to do with this one. So you can see even the tip of it is very, very, very transparent. Once I polish the surface of this, then this would be a really, really good specimen for my display cabinet. So I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one.