 Hi, welcome to the kitchen, Chef Karen here. I'm going to teach you today how to braise or slow cook the best piece of meat you've ever had. Braising is when you cook something in liquid. What we're going to do today is we're going to braise this three-pound chuck roast. You want to start out with a big one big piece of meat and it doesn't have to be expensive, the cheaper the better and you'll have the most succulent roast you've ever had in your life. First we're going to start out by liberally salting and peppering our roast. You want to make sure that it's nice and covered on all sides. Get that a good hit of pepper and salt. Okay, then you want to have a fry pan or saute pan that will fit the piece of meat hot and ready and then as soon as you've got that all nice and and season take your oil in your hot pan. A nice coat of it about a half inch thick, maybe a little less. A nice coat of oil, a couple tablespoons is good and then you take the meat in the pan and you want to brown it on all sides. All right now our meat has been seared on all sides and you want to take that out. You can either use a traditional roasting pan like your mom used to use but for today we're going to use the crock pot. It's easy, it's cooler, cleaner, so you take the meat, still keep your oil on and just put that right on the bottom of the crock pot and then you want to take some chopped garlic, one or two spoon full of it, heat it up in that oil. Garlic needs to be, garlic needs direct heat in order to really allow the flavors to blossom. So you just want to work around in that oil a little bit, get it nice and fragrant. Mmm, garlic's the best thing in the world. I don't know all these women who spend money on expensive perfumes and once that starts to brown you just want to top your meat with that. Mmm, it smells delicious. All right we're going to put the crock pot on high and well it's in the crock pot. You want to add a couple nice, size tablespoons of tomato paste. That gives it a real nice body and a real nice flavor and of course my favorite got to add a cup of red wine. Right, so after you've got the wine in there you've got your tomato paste, you have your garlic, then you want to start building your flavors. I like mine with a little zest so I put in some crushed red peppers. Don't be afraid to experiment. There's no wrong way to do this. You can put in whatever you like. I like to give it a little zest with some soy sauce. You can use Worcestershire sauce. You can use anything you have of that nature. Just get a bit of a couple dabs. That gives it that real umami flavor that we're looking for. And then again salt and pepper. And once you have all your ingredients in the pan then you want to cover it with beef broth. Okay, all the way till it covers the meat. All right. So now we have our meat, our beef stock, our tomato paste, wine, garlic and seasonings in the croquette. And then you put the top on it. Set it to high. Leave it for one hour and after one hour you want to turn it down to medium and leave it for about six hours. And at the end of six hours you're going to have the most sumptuous roast you've ever tasted. If you want to cook it a little longer you could use it to make barbecue beef sandwiches. It will become stringy and delicious. Mix it with a little barbecue sauce, store-bought or homemade. It doesn't matter. Serve it with coleslaw, beans or serve it as a sandwich. It's a great idea for Super Bowl Sunday or any sporting event. It'll be ready ahead of time. Thanks a lot and keep an eye out for our other delicious recipes. Today I'm going to teach you how to make marinara sauce. This is a full proof recipe that I brought back from the hills of Tuscany.