 Welcome to our section how do you make it? This time we're going to make a carne asada de la China for you. We're going to show you how to fold it, how to make it, how to fry it. We are in the beautiful Cipo Village in San Diego, downtown San Diego. And we are in Margaritas Kitchen and Cantinas. We're going to go inside and show you. We're so placed here, Margaritas Kitchen and Cantina. We sell a variety of Mexican food, tacos enchiladas, carnitas, tamales, and tortas and other items as well. Now here, see we have Carmen. Carmen is our official tortilla maker. You see her? She's very busy making fresh tortillas for you. And now we're going to go inside the kitchen and show you the whole process. Come on in. So welcome to the kitchen of Margaritas Kitchen. Here we have our chef Armando Gallardo. Armando, how are you? Good, thank you. Good, so looks like we're going to make a carne asada de chino changa today? Yes. All right, so let's get started. Now the first thing we want to do on a carne asada chino changa is the meat. We use fresh meat from scratch. So we're going to have Armando pouring some carne asada, first quality beef into the grill. So we've got it cooked well done. And while that cooks, we're going to have the tortilla ready for you. Now it's important that the tortilla be warm enough a little bit because if it's too cold, when you fold it, it might crack or it might open up in the fryer because of the temperature of the tortilla. So we want to heat up the tortilla a little bit, both sides, that'll give him flexibility when you fold it and it's not going to break. Okay, he's ready. So now we have meat already cooked over here on this side and that's the one we're going to use right now. So we'll keep with the process. So let's suppose your meat is fully cooked, which this one it is. Now the ingredients inside are beans and rice. Why? Because if you use another ingredient like sour cream, like guacamole, if you use lettuce or another cold item inside, once you put it inside of the fryer, it's going to spoil. It's going to not taste good. My broth and your burrito. So we're going to put beans and we're going to put a little bit of rice. Now the most important part of making a chimichanga is how to fold it. Why? Because if you don't fold it right, it's going to open up. It's going to all the ingredients are going to get out of the tortilla. So look at the process. Both sides go into the center and then from the bottom you roll up like so, one and two times, usually. Now we're going to put the chimichanga right into the fryer, like so. The opening has to be on the bottom of the basket so that it keeps it closed up. And this is how you deep fry your chimichanga. Now the oil eats at about 350 degrees. It's shortening 0% trans fat vegetable oil. And you'll wait for about 3 minutes. After 3 minutes, we're going to show you how it ends up. This is chimichanga that was cooked for about 3-3 and half minutes. So we don't have to wait for the other one. And now we're going to do the final touches. Our mango show is what do you do with the chimichanga once it's out of the fryer? It takes a little bit. And here we put the chopped cheese on top and the sour cream and the guacamole on the side. Now there's another way to make the chimichanga as well, which we also make them wet, which means we put the chigar sauce on top of it. And we put the chigar sauce on top of it. That's another way to make it. So it will toss the sauce on top and make it a wet chimichanga as well. So there's two ways you can make it dry, you can make it wet, more chigar sauce on top. And this is the final product. I hope you enjoyed our segment. How do you make it? We're going to be making more recipes so just check it out with us soon. And this is our karnasala chimichanga.