 Welcome to DIY automotive school with my friend Pete and mini the body shop girl. It's everything you need to know about cars and more. I'm going to show you how to make a car. Then we come to the DA Sanding Sander. DA means dual action. And what we're going to do, this is another procedure that you can use. This is the procedure I use instead of Hansen. Once I'm done with 1500, I use my DA Sanding. Now I was telling you about DA Sanders. It's very important. Let me go get the other Sander. I'm going to show you the difference. Okay, we have two DA Sanders here. This is an industrial use sander that she would use for a bondo or DA sanding the primer or DA sanding the old paint off. This is not the type of DA sander that you want to use for color sanding. The reason why is because of the high speed and the high torque that this puts out, it will literally rip your clear on your car. I got it sitting on a rag because I want to show you. This is the most common DA sander that you're going to see. I use that 36 grit so we will not be using that on the car here. The dual action sander that we will be using is called a Palm Sander. This is a finished sander. This is not just used for wet sanding, but it's also used for your fine touch sanding before you prime your car or after you prime your car. Maybe a spot sand before you paint the car. Do you understand what I'm saying? You can always tell the difference because it fits in the palm of your hand. This brand here is a very high-tech brand. I'm going to show it to you real quick like. It's actually called a finished DA sander. This is the sander we are going to use. If you look real close, you can see that the pad I use is a hooket pad which is used for our foam pads. What you want to do is take your foam pad and you want to go ahead and hook it on here. Once again, there are different brands you can buy. This is the way I like to do it and this is the way I'm going to stick with it. I'm going to start out with 2000. I'm going to put this away. I want you to pay attention. This is 2000. You can hear that it's sanding my hand. I actually use that on another car and I kept it. These are very expensive as well. What we are going to do is plug our sander in. Just like you see. Then we are going to dip it in the water. We are going to get our sponge. Then we are going to turn it on high speed. I want you to pay attention to the way that I'm going back and forth and back and forth. You see what I'm saying? I'm not going in circles or angles. I'm doing it very quickly and very uniform. And voila, we are done with 2000. I'm going to squeeze it off to show you. I'm going to squeeze you a section off and show you how smooth that is. Now if you look at the finish from sanding it with the DA sander or by hand. You can see we are starting to get a little bit of a glisten in it. I don't even know. I'm starting to show a sheen. You can see that it's all uniform and even. There is no more trash in it. There is no more orange peel. It really is starting to look nice. But hold on right there. We are not done yet because what I'm going to do is kick this in. That will save me a lot of time and a lot of money. I'm going to go ahead and take my 2000 off. And now I'm going to go ahead and put 4000. Take it down to 4000 is actually polishing the clear. If you look at my hand you can see my reflection. I want you to pay attention when I get done sanding it with 4000. I want you to look at the gloss that this already has and the time and expense of buffing compounds that you're going to save. Take it into 4000. One more thing I'd like to add. When using a DA sander such as this to sand, to wet sand, I always keep in mind this is very fine quality sandpaper. And you want to use pressure as your sanding. You want to make sure that you're pushing down. Not pushing down where you're actually bending the panels, but you do want to use a lot of hand pressure. So it will get into it and actually polish the finish for you. Okay. I'm going to squeegee this off and let it dry. And I want you to look at the finish just from DA sanding that with 4000. I can feel the finish feels like glass. If you listen real close you can't even hear the squeegee going across the panel. Now if you look at our door when I run my hand across it, you can see my hand like it's already buffed out. You can see my arm. The finish of this, if you could be able to touch that, is like liquid plastic. It's like a piece of plastic that just came out of the mold. What sanding your vehicle to be color sanded and buffed is the most important step to doing the job right. Always remember that the first sand job that you do to it, which is your initial 1500 or if you have to use 1200, okay, is the most important sanding of the whole job. Once you get it down to 2000 and 4000, you're pretty much downhill. We'll be back. I'm going to show you how to buff that. And always remember everything that I'm doing on this panel applies to any type of painted surface, okay, that you want a color sand and buff. I would like to mention though, this is base coat clear coat. A acrylic enamel or single stage paint is very hard to buff due to the fact that it doesn't have a clear coat protective on top of it. That means when you color sand it, okay, if it's got a lot of metallic in it or a lot of pearls, you're actually color sanding the paint, okay. So if you're painting a single stage paint, this does not apply to that. Single stage paint is basically a paint and go, okay, you don't buff it, you don't do nothing, you wash it off, you'll get it and you wax it. Single stage paints are usually used on quicky paint jobs such as Mako or Earl Shives, or maybe you just want to paint your tractor or you want to paint your little tricycle that you had when you were three years old and you want to make it look nice to put up on your top shelf to remind you of the good old days. If you want a top notch professional job base coat clear coat, the steps that I'm showing you is not for single stage paint. We'll be back to buff. Thanks for watching D.R. Why? What a motive school! Classes don't stop till you know everything.