 Well, I finally decided to get rid of the gutter downspouts that I've had in my yard for a while and this is what I had. It was just a piece of 3-inch PVC pipe with an elbow that connected to the downspout here. The problem is, I kept washing out all the wood chips that we had here. So what I did is I went to lows and I bought this section of black solid corrugated pipe and I'm going to connect it to the downspout bariot just below the surface and then I bought this section of irrigation pipe and it's actually thin. It's not a PVC pipe but this is solid as well. You can also get them with cuts in them to drain out and I'm going to connect it to the gutter, bariot, connect that and at the bottom. I have an elbow and a drain cap so it'll sit flush to the ground. Another option is you can buy this corrugated pipe and you can see that this has drain holes in it little cuts. This was $35 for a hundred feet. You can also get it with a sock on it, a white sock and that's another, I think that's like 50 or 55 dollars. So for $35 you can get a hundred feet. I'm going to use this for a different project in the backyard otherwise this would be a good option because you can bend it and twist it. The problem with these straight sections is they're stronger but you can't bend them. You can see that I have to go around a bend here and you need that bendability around there so you don't want to deal with elbows and things like that. So I could have used that pipe over there and just bent it all the way around, bent it up and then put a cap on it but I'm just trying to get rid of some sections of pipe that I have. I think this pipe here was about $45 and this here came very compact and I think this was around $10 but you see I have to go a little bit deeper here. There was some rocks and some roots that I've had to cut and I've had to use a shovel and axe and this spud bar here. I do have a gas line but I'm assuming that's three or four feet deep so I'm just going you know a couple inches below the surface. I'll backfill it. You can also backfill it with sand or stone if you want. There's actually a lot of stones in here so I'm going to backfill it with that. Also we have clay soils here in Michigan which does not drain so you could put sand in here if you wanted but I'm assuming all the water is going to go out and up the drain and we do have a little bit of fog. It's a little bit lower from there to there. You can't go higher the water won't drain so it's a little bit lower at that end so hopefully the water coming out will drain all the way out into the drain. Another thing I wanted to point out was this was a downspot that I did many years ago and I had to dig under under this sidewalk here and this was a solid PVC pipe where I had to do an elbow did underneath and I did a connection here to a slotted PVC pipe and here's the drain and this has worked well. You see the elbow down in there and this has worked well if it had no problems because you see there's quite a bit of fog from there to there so the gutter is half a foot higher so you got to make sure there's some fog but this I use solid PVC because it was a straight shot. Okay so here's what it looks like a couple hours later. I'm just test fitting it getting this flush with the ground. There's the straight pipe and I did have to use a little section off that large spool to get it to fit on this grated end. That connects there and you can see all the roots that I had to deal with. This area of soil was good up until here and then it became rocky hard. This I had to use the spud bar to get this out. This took a lot a lot of time and then you can see I'm gonna kind of just fit it over the end there. So now I'm just gonna backfill it with the soil. Put grassy down it. One more thing I forgot to mention is that this pipe is about three inches, three four inches and I went down about I don't know six or eight inches so there'll be you know three four inches of soil on top. Okay and here it is all done. I backfilled out the soil. I put some grassy down and I raked it all smooth. And I did leave it a little bit high because I expected to set a little bit so I left it a little bit high. In total it took about two or three hours and it cost about twenty twenty five dollars but it could be cheaper if you only had one section but I wanted to go all the way out where I knew it was much lower so. That's it. It's a quick afternoon project and you get rid of those gutter down spots such as end right here and now the water should hopefully drain all the way out to the end and not be anywhere near the foundation of our house. And again I expect this might set a little bit. I might have to come back and put a little dirt but that's good for now. Well I hope you liked the video you just watched. If you did feel free to subscribe by clicking the button on this side. You can also check out all the videos I've done. The playlist from things I've built, things I've fixed, home repair, 3D printing. And on this side you can check out a recommended video similar to the one you just watched. And as always down in the description I'll put a link to my blog which has more pictures and more information about the video you just watched. Thanks.