 Hi, welcome to the Real Grandma's Kitchen. We all kind of get stuck in the same rut of cooking the same salad when we have supper or if we go to potlucks. But today I'd like to show you a very wonderful salad that is easy to make. Absolutely delicious. I'm not only that it will be the hit of any party you go to. So if you're ready, I'd like to begin. So when we're making the salad, I always use a large bowl. I'm going to do all my mixing in it and then I'm going to transfer it to my serving dish. So we'll start out with just two cans of drained whole kernel corn. You definitely need the whole corn. I'm going to take six hard boiled eggs and with my egg chopper I'll go ahead and prepare those. So you want them cubed. We'll go down this way and across this way. And we'll do that for all six eggs. Next we're going to take about a cup and a half of dill pickles and slice them. I like to use these elite petite dill pickles. They seem to be easier to be able to give the right cut and the right texture. So they're all chopped. You notice that using the petite they're all about the same size. And we'll just toss those in the bowl. And I'm going to go ahead and mix them just so that I can make sure that my quantities look right. You do want to have enough green, but you also have the egg and the yellow from the egg white and corn. The fourth ingredient in the grocery store, any grocery store, you can buy this imitation crab. It's already cooked and it's in these chunks that are really easy to also cut. And this is what you have. So I'm going to take this and I'm going to cut it into pieces that would look nice inside my salad. And the last piece of the puzzle is to add some mayonnaise. The mayonnaise you just need enough to kind of hold it together. You don't want too much, you don't want too little, just like a potato salad. So I'm going to start with three of my little scoops here of mayonnaise. Kind of spread it on the top and then mix it up. Isn't that beautiful? All the different colors that you find as you have this beautiful crab salad. Three scoops was perfect. And it's ready to serve. I like making the salad I can make it ahead of time and put it in the refrigerator for a day. Or I can serve it right now if it was time for supper. And now is my favorite time I get to try it. This has become my family's favorite. A perfect combination. The saltiness of the pickles with the texture of the corn and the egg and the succulents of the crab. Absolutely a special and delicious salad that you could bring to any occasion. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed the Rokramas crab salad. I'll see you next