 Hello YouTube, this is Gecko Guy 1 from Gecko Guys 6.8 and in this video I'll be showing you guys on how to make an incubator. This I'm going to make on how to make it for. I'm not sure it'll probably be the same for other lizards but I know for sure that this works for leopard geckos which is the kind of lizards that I have. So my geckos recently made two eggs but they were unfertilized so there was no point in making this but it will make another video later on how to candle them which is a way of telling if they're fertilized or not. So first off you're going to need an old container usually when you get your lizards they come in a little container something like this. Then you're going to want to fill it with moss or any kind of dirt. I just used moss. I had leftover moss from my crabs that I have. So yeah just fill it with moss like that. Get a container that this would be able to fit into. You can see it doesn't have to be square. This could be square too it doesn't matter the shapes obviously don't really. It can vary. So first off you're going to want to like I said fill that with moss. Then you're going to want to get a little stool. I found this that I have for a little maze ball. So this it doesn't fit in here but I just use half of a kind of egg toy inside of it. I just cut it in half and then put that inside as a little stool because then you're going to need to fill up water to about here. Then this you're going to need the top just to peak out of it. Then you're going to sit this on it. So I'm just going to fill this up with water. So I'm just going to fill this up. I don't want it maybe just a little bit higher than this. It's kind of hard because you can see it floats. But you can just tilt it like this fill it up with water like that and then place it like that so it doesn't float. Just going to fill it up a little more. There you go. You're going to get that little stool. Make sure that's in the middle. So then once you get it balanced you're going to just bring it over to your tank. Where your gecko is in. Put it in. Take know it off obviously. Then once your female gecko is pregnant or lizard is pregnant you're going to want to put her in there so she can lay the eggs in there. Then you want to take her out. Put the cap on. Make sure there's no air holes because the wise air will get in and let the eggs dry out. So you let the eggs stay in there. For your heating source you use the light that you normally use to heat your geckos. Turn that on. The water that's in here which you're going to have to change every three days or so. The heat will make it evaporate and then it will keep the eggs moist in there. The heat also keeps the eggs warm. So that's pretty much how it works.