 SmartSift is a cat friendly and convenient solution for cat owners. It simplifies the task of refreshing the litter so that it can be done more frequently, creating a cleaner environment for your cat. Use this video as a guide to help you and your cat transition to SmartSift. Follow these steps to assemble your SmartSift. When inserting the lever into place, make sure that the shapes align. And sure to press firmly to lock in place. Take the larger of the two liners included with your SmartSift and insert into the cat pan. Ensure you are not covering this area. Make sure you hear the click on both sides. On the back of the cat pan, there is an additional lock. Make sure you hear a clicking sound. To lock the hood in place, there are two locks on the sides. Make sure to push them back completely to lock. Make sure the lever is securely locked at all times, except when sifting. Take the smaller liner included with your SmartSift and insert into the bottom waistband. Unlike conventional cat pan, SmartSift eliminates the need to scoop and reduces mess and order. It simplifies the task of litter maintenance with its unique features. SmartSift's ClearView window allows for easy monitoring of litter and allows light into the cat pan. The integrated carbon filter helps eliminate odors. If for whatever reason the filter is interfering with your cat's use of SmartSift, it can be simply removed. The large ledge reduces litter tracking. SmartSift's unique pull and refresh system efficiently maximizes litter and eliminates the need to scoop. Simply pull the lever to sift and refresh the litter. The swinging door provides a large entrance for cats to enter and exit and can be easily removed if necessary. The maintenance access star lifts up for easy access to the cat pan. The pull out waistband collects waist clumps for easy disposal and includes convenience storage for replacement liners. SmartSift uses Eco Clean Technology, which means it is a quiet and safe, no motor operating system that is cat friendly. There is a liner that fits into the base of the cat pan and into the pull out drawer. The use of the liners will prevent waistclumps from sticking to the surface, especially in the case of messy situations. The SmartSift liners have been designed specifically to make life easier and reduce the amount of cleaning. It is recommended that the waistband be emptied on a weekly basis, or more often if needed. The frequency for waist removal varies depending on your cat's litter habits and the number of cats per household. Any type of clumping litter can be used with SmartSift. For best results, use a quality clumping litter. The amount of litter in the cat pan should not exceed 5 kilograms or 11 pounds. There is also a maximum fill line indicator inside the cat pan to help guide you when adding or topping off the litter. Even if your SmartSift does not have max printed on the cat pan, you can still be guided by the line indicator. You will be able to see the maximum fill line more clearly with our new and improved transparent liners. These new liners also provide a better fit. If you over fill past the max fill line, clean litter can overflow into the waist bin below. To refresh the litter and begin sifting, release the lever from its locked position and pull forward slowly. For optimal sifting results, the lever must always be pulled slowly so that the clean litter falls into the compartment which holds the litter and only the waistclumps fall into the bottom waist bin. You must always sift slowly. Sifting too quickly can cause clean litter to fall into the waist bin. Once the sifting action is complete, the waistclumps will be deposited in the waist bin and the clean litter will be recycled back into the cat pan. The urine will never leak into the pull out waist bin unless there is not enough litter to absorb the urine. You must first make sure that you are using a quality clumping litter and be sure to sift daily. However, it is important to make sure not to sift right after the cat has urinated because the litter may not have had enough time to clump properly. Ensure the pull out waist bin is fully closed at all times, except when emptying the waist bin. If the drawer is even slightly open when the cat pan is being used, urine may leak into the base of the unit. If the cat is urinating high or on an angle, the urine might end up on the size of the unit, which can also increase the chance of urine pulling at the base of the unit. To prevent this from occurring, make sure the drawer is fully closed at all times. Smart sift is an easy, no-mess cat litter system, but as with any litter maintenance system, some upkeep will be required. Here are some simple tips for maintaining your smart sift. There may be some particles that get caught in the grate, a simple tapping of the cat pan should knock them off. If you see your cat is urinating high or on an angle, you may need to clean the sides of the unit. This smart sift unit is extremely easy to take apart and clean. If you use the liners, the only cleaning required should be of the hood and sifter. To clean your smart sift, simply remove the hood and sifter, and wipe down with a disposable antibacterial wipe or mild soap. If you do not use any liners, the cat pan and pull out waist bin will also need to be clean. We have been extensively researching and testing smart sift with a variety of cats and homes to ensure the utmost quality of our product. As with any new product, it may take some time for a cat to get familiar with a new system. This is why we provided simple steps to help owners transition their cats to smart sift.