 Hey Steve Taylor, doing a review of Framazon.com for the Hamilton Beach Flip Belgian waffle maker. These are some of the waffles that we made this morning. Got a fresh ground wheat, a little bit of baking powder, some milk and eggs and that is it. No white processed flour in this house. So these are actually healthy, we don't use syrup so we put a little bit of butter on it. Not gouge it because these are deep. We don't pour it on there, we just put a little bit on but it's really, when these things are hot it's not even necessary. I did not clean it up after using it because I wanted to show you that that's all we lost onto the handy drip tray. As a stainless steel top and bottom, as a handle that will collapse so that there's more space in the cupboard. It flips very easily and stainless steel on the bottom with a ready light here to let you know. Basically you have a power light up here and your timer goes from minimum to three depending on how brown you like it and that would just be a personal preference plus what kind of a batter you use. It comes with a two foot cord which is plenty long enough for most counters. It opens up very easily. We brought a misto olive oil sprayer just particularly to use on this but it wasn't cleaned as she hadn't sterilized it yet from manufacturing so she didn't use it, she just used this just with the coating that was on it and nothing stuck. This has not been washed so this is how clean it actually is. It's easy to wash too. You just push this button here which I can't do one-handed and this pops out and then here there's a button here and that will pop out so their dishwasher safe which makes it very easy clean up and then of course just clean up a little bit of batter and the tray can actually go in the dishwasher too. It comes with instructions also in a bunch of different languages but the English is very simple to understand. You do not need to be a scientist or a great cook to figure this out and I can't turn the next page. Basically this page here is all you need to know. I would assume there's a recipe in here but I didn't look so I don't know. Anyway this was a look at the hamlet and beach. My wife is raving about it so I'm going to go ahead and give it five stars. Probably we'll get quite a few years out of this and hopefully this review is helpful to you. I'm Steve Taylor. This is Amazon.com.