 Hi everyone, it's Prith here, welcome back to Silicon Natti. In my last video I had shown you how to make an explosion box or an exploding box. Explosion boxes make for a great personalized gift for any occasion and for anybody because you can add so many messages, photographs, gifts and what not inside it. In this video I'm going to show you how to make some interesting things like an origami box, a waterfall card etc. which you can put inside your explosion box. And finally I'll show you how to put all this together and finish your explosion box. So let's start! First up let's make things for the outermost layer or layer 1 and let's start by making this multiple message card. For this cut out a rectangular sheet of size 28 x 15 cm from any colored paper of your choice and fold it into half like this. Now fold to bring the outer edge towards the center line like this, repeat this with the other side as well. Draw four lines in one of the inside rectangles at a distance of 3 cm each so that you get five rectangles like this. Once again fold the sheet into half and cut along the lines that you just marked. Open the sheet and it will now look like this. Next cut out a rectangular sheet from a different colored paper. The size of this should be the same as that of one of the rectangles on the yellow sheet. Pass this sheet above and below the cuts of the yellow sheet like I'm doing here. Take another sheet and pass it through the cuts of the adjacent rectangle. Finally cut two rectangles from a printed or colored sheet of your choice and stick these on the two front panels of the card. Now let me show you how this card opens up. Like this and again like this. And you can write messages on all these rectangles here. To attach this card on one of the layers of the explosion box take two strips like this. Put spherical on the two ends of these strips and stick this on the sheet. A little distance apart from one another. Now simply pass the card through these two strips. When the person whom you give the explosion box to open up this card he or she will see all your messages open up beautifully like this. Next up we'll be making a squash card like this. For this cut out three square sheets of size 21 into 21 centimeter each. Fold the square sheet once vertically then horizontally and then once diagonally like this. Now put one of your fingers in the center of the sheet and fold it inwards from the two sides like this. Repeat this with the other two sheets as well. Next we have to attach these three one on top of each other with the help of adhesive. While attaching you have to make sure that if the open part of the bottom sheet is facing in this direction then the close part of the next sheet should come over it. As you can see the open part of this sheet is facing here while that of the bottom sheet is facing in the other direction. Again while pasting the third sheet will make sure that it's close part comes over the open part of the sheet below it. And to make this card look good take two square sheets from paper of your choice and paste these on the top and the bottom faces of this card. Now open up the card Take printouts of four of your favorite pictures in the size about 7 into 7 centimeter and paste these in the center squares like this. You can decorate this card further like this if you want. Close the card like this and to attach this to the explosion box sheet take two ribbon strips and stick these on the sheet with the help of adhesive like this. Place the card on top of the ribbon in the center and tie the two ribbons around it in a bow like this. Next up we'll be making a waterfall card like this. For this cut out a rectangular strip which is about 27 centimeter long and 7 centimeter wide. Draw a line on it which is at a distance of 7 centimeter from one end and then draw four lines below it which are at a distance of one centimeter. Fold the strip along each of these lines in the same direction like this. Cut five square sheets of the size 7 into 7 centimeter. Put a little adhesive above the first line like this and stick the first square on it so that it can be lifted up like this. Put the adhesive in the next rectangle and stick the second square on it. Like this keep putting the adhesive in the next rectangles and stick the squares on it so that you get five flaps like this. Fold the strip like this and draw a triangle below the last flap. Cut along this triangle. Punch a hole in its center and pass a ribbon through it. Tie this ribbon into a double knot. Cut out a strip which is about 13 centimeter long and 3 centimeter wide. Lift the five flaps and place this strip like this. To attach it to the exploding box sheet put adhesive on these two parts of the strip and stick it to the sheet. This is how it should look. Now take printouts of any five pictures in the size 6 into 6 centimeter and stick these five pictures on the five flaps of the waterfall card. You can write messages on the inside of the flaps like this. Your waterfall card is ready and this is how it will open and close. And for the fourth box of layer one of explosion box will make this origami box in which you can put your messages in chips. For this cut out two square sheets of different colors of size 21 into 21 centimeter and stick these together with the help of adhesive like this. So that the resulting square has different color on either side. Fold the sheet into half horizontally and then vertically and then diagonally and finally along the other diagonal. And open it up so that you get four lines like this. Next fold the four tips like this and open it up. Next you have to make multiple folds as you can see me doing here. Do this on the opposite side as well. And now you have to lift this so that this edge meets the middle line like this. Do this on the other side as well. And now make the folds as I am doing here. Now we will repeat these steps on the other side. Draw a heart on the upper flaps like this and cut along the heart. The box is now ready and this is how it will open. Right messages of your choice on few sheets of paper and fold these into small chips like this. Put these chips inside the box and tie a ribbon around it to close it. Finally put adhesive on its base and stick it to the explosion box sheet. Next up we will decorate layer three of the exploding box and first we will make this card. For this cut out a strip which is 54 cm long and 9 cm wide. Draw a line which is at a distance of 9 cm from the top edge and fold the strip along it. Now turn around the strip and again fold it so that you can get a square of 9 cm width. Keep making folds like this like we do for making a paper fan. Cut along the four corners to give these a curved shape and it will look like this when opened. Stick a ribbon on its base in the center with the help of adhesive and then stick this on the exploding box sheet again with the help of some adhesive. Right messages and stick photographs on the alternate squares of this card and your card is ready to tie the ribbon around it to close it. On other squares of this sheet you can stick printouts of photographs and decorate it with few hearts like I have done here or you can write your messages in a nice decorative way. Finally you can decorate the lid of the inner box the way you like like I have done here with ribbons, flowers and a few beads. Similarly you can decorate the outer most lid as per your wish like I have done here with few colorful papers, hearts and a ribbon in the center. Now you have to stack the layers one over the other by attaching these in the center with the help of adhesive. Put glue at the base of the inner most box as well and paste it in the center. Close the box with the outer lid and your box is ready to explode. Hope you like this video on decorating your explosion box. For more details about how to make the exploding box you can watch part one of this video. Do subscribe to my channel for more such videos and connect with me on my Instagram account which is click and nothing. Thank you so much for watching see you guys next time. Bye.