 Hey, it's British Cook, welcome back to the channel. How you doing? Today is Sunday's Sabers, where they give you serious savings on your servings. And if you want to know how to make scones and crock cream, how to make a recipe during the right place, it's much cheaper than buying them and you can have them ready in about 30 minutes. Brilliant. Full proof, guaranteed to rise, no fail. This recipe works every single time. In this video I give you three tips. I promise you if you follow these three tips in the video and do what I say, this will always work. This is so easy to do and so quick, honestly, it's so easy. So just remember to keep an eye out for those three tips and you can't go wrong, I promise you. And this video fits in perfectly with my house make, crock cream at home video. It's so cheap to make at home, so much cheaper than trying to buy it. So have a look at that, I'll be putting a link up that later. If any of that interests you, I've also got Weightless Wednesdays and I've also got the occasional Feast Out Friday. I'm trying my best to get to 1000 subscribers before the end of January. So please, if you enjoy this, click that subscribe button and don't forget to click the bell notification so you don't miss a thing. If you want your scones to always rise, watch this video because I'm going to show you the way to properly do it. If you're from abroad and you're not sure what a scone or a scone is because it can be pronounced either way, it's what we have in England, part of a British cream tea. Often is a cake with very sweet things. So a scone is a little bit similar to what you call a biscuit in America, but there are some quite big differences in how we actually make them. With this recipe, if you want to, you can add 50 grams of dried fruit. So we have flour, self-raising flour, 350 grams. With a flour, you want to put that into a big bowl. 85 grams of unsalted butter. I'm using unsalted butter because I think it works better. Also, we're going to be adding a little bit of salt anyway. Remember to cube that butter and then what we're going to do, it's to bear with me a minute as I lean forward, is we're going to mix that butter in with our fingertips into the flour. Three tablespoons and one teaspoon of caster sugar. Caster sugar as a fine baking sugar. And don't forget the extra teaspoon. Give that quick stir and mix it all in. Now we've done that, we need to put the baking powder in. The baking powder is five grams. And a little stache there. Five grams of baking powder, which is one teaspoon. Now we give that a good stir. Tip number one, listen carefully. Preheat your oven and preheat the pan. That pan helps the scones to rise. When you put the dough on a hot pan, it makes it rise so much quicker. So preheat the oven and the pan to 200 degrees Celsius. And that's coming up in Fahrenheit now. Now with the milk, you can use semi-skimmed or full fat entirely up to you. And what you want to do is pour 175 millimetres of milk into a container. And just gently heat that in the microwave for about 30 seconds. So it becomes quite warm. We don't want hot milk. We want warm milk. As soon as that milk comes out of the microwave, put a tablespoon of a little extract in there. And about to show you tip number two. Tip number two. And you're never going to guess it. But it's a lemon. At this point, you're asking yourself, why is this guy putting lemon juice into milk? We know what happens when you do that. The main reason we put the lemon into the milk is to make it slightly more acidic, which helps the raising agents. Pour that into there. And to stir this, I'm going to use something unconventional and we'll use a fork. Just to fold it in there. And what we're looking to do is make a soft and sticky dough out of this. Tip number three. And this is brilliant. If you want to make the clotted cream that goes with this recipe, with these scones, this is what you want to do. On a Sunday afternoon or on a Monday evening, go to a supermarket. They always seem to have reduced cream in the reduction aisle. And if you watch a video that's coming up now on the side, you can make your clotted cream at home for pennies. Absolute pennies. Clotted cream, scones, jam, what more do you want? Also, if you click on that link, you'll show you loads of different ways to make different recipes and desserts with clotted cream. Absolutely delicious. Have a look at that. Give it a click. Watch it. It's fantastic. So the oven and pan are preheated to 200 degrees Celsius, which is coming up in Fahrenheit now. We're going to pop this out. Roll it a little bit thicker and then cut some out. Get yourself a nice, clean surface and just spread that flour around it. As you can see, I'm not an expert at spreading flour either. Grab your dough in a bowl, which will do a slath at that a little bit. Until you've got the sort of depth you want for our scones. Some people do this in a pan. I'm just getting on with it. And if this is sort of food, enjoy making cooking. Please click that subscribe button and join me on this journey. This will be so much cooler stuff coming up. Grab our cutter. This cutter is a 5cm cutter. This one's got a fluted edge. Some people prefer a straight edge. Either all. Press that down. Twist. Pop it out. Then what we're going to do is we'll fold this back on the self and cut some more. And when you're doing this, a lot of people will flip them over so the flour hits both sides. I'm going to be glazing these with egg because I think it looks nicer and I think it's better. So I'm not going to do that. I expect you're sat there watching this thinking this guy's had the flour explosion in this kitchen. I have been on us and I should be ashamed of myself. But it is what it is. This last one is just a little time big and my cutter. So I'm not actually going to cut it. Just going to make it a nice round shape and pop it in with the other ones as well. So, outcomes are a very hot pan. Almost forgot just giving the really quick and light glaze a little bit of egg. A few seconds like this won't make any difference. But really you want to get them in that oven in that heat as soon as we get them on the pan. So look at the rise on these. Absolutely huge. Put them in the oven for about eight to ten minutes. Do not open the oven door until they finish cooking. Otherwise you won't end up with big ones like this. So place them onto a cooling rack and allow them to cool for about ten or fifteen minutes. Let me show you how you're meant to serve this up. Just want to show you the lovely fluffy airy texture you get in this going. So when you bake it for the three tips I gave you in this video. I'm going to show you how this should be served. This is using clotted cream as I make my clotted cream recipe. This is how the corn is served. Corn and Devon are two counties in England. In Corn, you serve with a jam on the bottom and a clotted cream on top. And in Devon, which is the next door, you serve with a jam on top and a clotted cream underneath. Both are very delicious. The Cornish way makes a little bit creamier. Devon way more jammy. Look at that lovely jam. We always did the rice with it. Delicious. Thank you very much. Cheers British Cook.