 Hi there! I just wanted to give you an update of my vanilla orchid bean plants. It seems to be thriving and doing okay. I noticed some new growth right there. That could be a vine since it is a vine type plant. I'm not sure. But on top here there's a leaf. So I fed it orchid food about a couple weeks ago and I've had it for almost four weeks. And I noticed some a new root sprouting down there and this other growth here. So it seems to be doing okay. It hasn't gotten that tall at all but you know what? It's you know looks pretty healthy to me. I've never grown this before. It's my first time. So I hope that it's a success. Now for the food I picked this up by Miracle Grow. You can find this at any store and it's a mixture of 30% nitrogen, 10% potassium, 10% plus fates and it's water soluble. So what you do is just dissolve the mixture into water and you use that to water your orchid but make sure you follow the directions on how much you should use. It's all in there, all the instructions and make sure after you feed it and water it that the pot drains properly and thoroughly. So that way there's not a lot of moisture in the pot which can cause root rot. So you don't want to you know keep the orchids too wet and you only water in between when the potting mixture is almost dry to touch. So I made mistakes in the past and I killed a few orchids before not this kind of orchid but the failure inopsis kind and yeah so that's happened to me and I learned my lesson from over watering it and not letting it drain properly. Now I what I've done here this little trick here is some pebbles, some earthen water in a little bowl there which create humidity as the water evaporates and since orchids generally thrive in human climates and they like the humidity so and I'm keeping this inside and this will create that humidity that it needs and just make sure you put the pot right above the pebbles do not submerge in water because you don't want it to absorb the water in the pot which will keep the pot moist and which will cause root rot again. So and I picked up the pebbles at a dollar store so you know pretty cheap just get some rocks or pick up your own rocks and your yard if you have any but you know what these are kind of pretty for decoration and so I wanted to do it this way. Also what you can do is you can put the rocks in water in a separate bowl and you just put it right next to your plants and that should also work as well. So I want to show you this potting mixture that the vanilla orchid came in and they haven't changed it yet they do recommend bark but since the roots are so tiny and delicate I didn't want to get smashed in between the bark so I still have it in this potting makes it came in just some dried I'm not sure where it is they kind of look like moss but it's not so anyway I'm gonna wait till the plant grows bigger and then I'll transplant it into the orchid potting mix which is normally bark and I think some perlite so but we'll see so anyway stay tuned I will keep you guys posted in the next few weeks see how this little guy is doing thanks for watching and we'll see you soon.