 Okay, hi, my name is Dale Fowler and I'm the chef at the Rogue Region at CN in Medford, Oregon. We actually took July off, okay, and we have a new month. It's August, so I'm going to demonstrate some items on our August fresh sheet. We're going to demonstrate the chef's special and we're going to demonstrate the fresh catch and we're also going to demonstrate the steak, okay. Our chef's special here is some lamb chops here, okay, so we're taking these lamb chops, double cut, double chop, and we marinate them in some garlic and rosemary and cracked black pepper, olive oil, okay, and a little bit of salt, okay. So, took this, char grilled in on the char brailer, all right, and now I'm going to demonstrate kind of how we're going to put this together, all right. So we're going to take some of this, this is some summer vegetable raditouille, as I'm calling it, okay. So quite a variety of vegetables in here, it has bell peppers and zucchini, also has some heirloom cherry tomatoes in here, onions, and also some eggplant, okay. What I did was I had to kind of do this ahead of time because stewed raditouille kind of has to be done a little bit more ahead, you can't really do that to order. So that way it incorporates a lot of really nice flavors in there. To heat it up a little bit, all I'm going to do is just add a little bit of some white wine here, okay, and some fresh herbs. So there's already a lot of fresh herbs in here, but I'm just going to add a little bit more for color. So I put in like basil, oregano, parsley, it's already cooked, so we don't really need to cook it for say, okay. So what we're going to do now is we're going to come over here and I'm going to grab a plate that we're going to plate it on, all right. And then we're going to bring our vegetable raditouille over here, okay. So I'm going to take our raditouille, and I'm just going to just set it right here in the middle of our plate like this. So now our lamb chops are going to just, I'm just going to just connect our lamb chops together like this. I did a cherry balsamic syrup glaze. I'm going to take some of this, all right, and then I'm just going to just take it and I'm going to drizzle this right over the top like this. Now also what I did was is because cherries are in season, and I took these cherries, roasted them in the oven with some rosemary, some salt and pepper and some olive oil. And I took a little bit of that glaze and I just put a little bit of that glaze in here. So I'm just going to just kind of set a little bit of this like so around the plate to kind of accent our dish. And it's going to give our dish a little bit more, I think a little more pizzazz, a little more flavor kick. I'm just going to put a little bit of rosemary like so. Here we go. Here's the chef's special for the month of August. It's a char grilled double cut lamb chop with a summer vegetable ratatouille and a cherry balsamic glaze with roasted cherries.