 Hey everybody thanks for stopping in. I watched a video the other day on a YouTube channel called The Endorsement and he does food reviews and in this review he went to the five guys burger place and he got this burger and the top bun was a grilled cheese sandwich and the bottom bun was a grilled cheese sandwich. And then had all the regular condiments on it and burger in between and I'm like wow that's crazy I gotta try making that. So I searched YouTube to see if any video else had done this already and Larry over at the Wolf Pit did two videos on it and one he did indoors on the stove top and the second one he did outdoors on the mojo griddle. So I'm thinking hmm well you know me I have to do one mine and my toaster oven so let's get toston. I'm gonna keep this pretty simple and just use a frozen burger patty for my burger you gotta get one of these apart first. Okay now for the grilled cheese I'm using Havarti cheese on one of the grilled cheese is one of my favorite cheeses and on this one I'm using sliced Belvita so I guess I'll go with two slices and I use mayonnaise on the outside of my grilled cheese. I already put mayonnaise on the bottom piece so even though these will be toasted that's how I do it even if I do them on the stove I use mayonnaise. I just like to taste a bit better and I think it makes a light of the sandwich. Okay let's get these in the oven now. I set my oven to 400 degrees on bake and we'll get these grilled cheeses on the top slot there and those are brown from the top so once the top's brown I'll pull them out and flip them. And I put my burger on this little six inch brownie skillet and I put the rack all the way at the bottom and I'm just gonna slide that underneath and just fits. I don't know how well it cooked like that but I guess we'll find out it's been about five minutes so let's check on these. Those look nice I'm gonna pull those out and flip them over. I flip the sandwiches over. I don't think the burger's quite ready to turn though yet so we'll wait on that. It's been about five more minutes let's check these. Those look good I'm gonna get those out of there and the burger's ready to flip I think so I'm gonna flip that over now and put it back in. We'll let this finish cooking and while that's cooking I'm gonna start putting the burger together. Well there's how it looks when it's all done isn't that crazy? I don't even know if I can take a bite of this. Wow. I guess I'll try. I don't know how this is gonna go. Wow this thing is solid. It's crazy. That thing is so big I didn't even get a bite of meat. This is the first time I'm gonna ever have to try a second attempt at a taste test. That's just crazy. Okay there's some meat let's try again. Wow that's actually pretty good but man is it hard to eat and I probably won't be eating much else besides that today. I'll put the link to the endorsement channel. I'm not sure what the guy's name is because I'm a new subscriber but if you like food reviews tell them to toss 10 man sent you. Thanks for watching you guys and I'll talk to you next time.