 Hi guys, I'm going to teach you in this clip how to make a homemade incubator. It's very easy and if you just follow this procedure that I'm going to explain, it would be a successful. You don't need to buy really expensive ones that you go in the market. Basically the main thing is that you need a cooler like this that you can see from here. Where I grew it from is a medical store. They basically get the medicine in a cooler like this to live it. So I requested it to them so that they could give it to me. So what I've done was I've cut the top bit off and a picture glass frame. I've took the glass off and taped it on top so that it becomes a good window. And there's the main thing that you need is it's this. It's a temperature gauge which shows you the humidity at the bottom and the temperature on top. This is it. So what you got to do is just put this inside the box so you know what humidity and the temperature is going on. And inside if you look at the box it's a 9 watt energy saver which I've put there. And this is to prevent the chicks to go near to the bull so we can stop them. You can see one chick ran right there but it couldn't go further so I had to come back. And there is a CPU fan. Laptop fan which I've just taped here and from outside what I do is I just stick a battery. Take it together here so it just turns on and the hot air circles around in the box. And this is just a piece of cloth basically. So what it is and when the bulb is on you continuously put it on and there is a required heat. The temperature when it reaches it's required level like you need 102 fallen hives. So what you got to do is you need to make holes around the box so that the temperature stays there and doesn't increase and neither decrease. So these holes around the box keeps the temperature constant. So once the temperature constant leave it overnight. Once you left it overnight and you have seen that the temperature is constant and it's not going up or down, coming down. So you can just put your eggs in there and leave it for 21 days. And what you have to do is just turn them three times a day morning, daytime and the evening. And hopefully the last three days you don't need no turning because the chick needs to make its room to come out from the egg shell. So there you go. This is the homemade incubator. It's very cheap. The only thing that you have to buy is this. And the rest of it is just a piece of cake. And slowly for humidity what you need to do is you need to leave a little tissue, that tissue in the incubator so that the humidity should reach its required target. So I'll explain that through my comments. Any questions please feel free to comment at the bottom and I would answer. Thank you.