 I say I say I've ever got a drink so I'm Switzerland. Switzerland. Switzerland. I once had a business making cider vinegar and honey tonic drinks but it's so easy to mix it up yourself. Why pay me twice as much to mix it up for you? You can make Switzerland out of any cider vinegar, ideally raw cider vinegar. As you can see in the bottle here. Maple syrup is what I have today to make Switzerland. I prefer honey but you have to use hot water to get the honey to melt. Maple and cider vinegar works just fine. molasses can also be used or even just sugar. Switzerland is a probiotic with all kinds of enzymes coming from the vinegar and a healthy sweetener. Ideally maple syrup, honey, xylitol, any of those sweeteners can be used to take the edge off the vinegar. Sweeten it. Make it more rich in a variety of sugars. So take your cider vinegar. You want about an ounce of each. I don't tend to measure stuff because I've done so much measuring and cooking. I can eyeball things really well. And then get your sweetener, maple syrup honey about the same amount of that. It's not really quite enough maple syrup. You can drink this first thing in the morning to get you going, to get your digestive active or at the start of a big meal. Especially Thanksgiving types of meals. It's great. But any time that your digestive system is feeling low or you're wanting a soda, you can drink this instead. It's sweet, it's sour. And if you add fizzy water, it's even sort of like a soda. This is good for you. Soda is bad for you. Even the organic sodas are full of sugar. So make good choices when you're doing your sugar and drink swizzle. It'll put a spring in your step. Cheers. Yeah, it's strong like this. I usually want to write down. Yeah, that's a good stuff. I think I'll mix it with some water. Okay. So yeah, if you're really tough, definitely drink it straight if you want to kick, but for lady like sipping, you see I just put like an equal amount of water. It's still strong enough to give you that excitement, but not so strong that you want to scream. Ah. Sider vinegar. Honey. Sider vinegar. Maybe I'll start. You can't go wrong. Swizzle.