 Hi, I'm Mike from the M Kitchen and I'm going to give you a quick lesson in rough puff pastry. So, I have 250 grams of strong plain flour, 250 grams of diced butter with the chill just taken off it, 150 ml of water which is probably not going to need all that and a good pinch of salt. They're a foreign green so I'm going to use so here goes. I get my flour into a bowl and just start dotting in the butter. I've said I have taken the chill off this and just start to gently rub that in. Then I've got the dough to where I want it to be with a good mix of flour and butter and just kind of a little bit of water. Now I'm going to put in about 50 ml but the recipe it can change with the flour so just sort of play it by eye. I'm just going to bring all that together and into a dough. I'm going to mix the water through and then when I've got to where I want the dough I'm going to wrap it into a bowl. Okay, so if your dough turns out a little bit on the soft side like this one has, feel free to add a tiny bit more flour I can do in here. Be careful how much you add because too much and you like to change in the recipe and that's it. Perfect. My dough bowl for my rough puff and now into the fridge for 30 minutes. Okay, so now my rough puff has been sitting in the fridge for about 30 minutes. Let's go get it out. A bit of flour and let's put it in. Just keep turning it, it's going to get to a nice, oblong and then I've got it to a reasonable oblong shake though the one and I'm just going to bring it back into it. Just going to tap the sides in so when I fold it it's more equal. So I'm going to fold the outer piece towards me and go halfway. The closer piece to me away from me and the cover of the sides so I've actually got one, two, three layers there and then a little bit more flour and roll the same oblong again. And the outer piece towards me, the closest piece away from me, little tap down and back in the fridge for 20 minutes. A little bit more flour. Two out oblong and you can still see dots and butter in this as we should what we want towards the weight. Two in round. And you see the layers building up now already so we keep repeating this process. Me, another time and that's my 12 layers so back in the fridge. And there's your finished product, rough puff pastry and use it for every wish for me, even carrot pie, delicious.