 Greetings, Gastronauts. This is Keith Cooks and Keith. And today I'm going to show you how to make a wonderful warming winter soup from Scotland. Cullen's Skink. Now it's a bit of a weird name, which apparently comes from its origin in the fishing village of Cullen in the northeast of Scotland. And Skink, a kind of corruption or borrowing from the old Scott's name for a soup or broth made from Shinn of Beef. How we get from beef to fish. I don't know, but they did. Anyway, very easy to make, quite quick, totally wonderful. So let's do it. Okay, ingredients for the Cullen Skink. I've got 500 grams of smoked haddock. I've got 500 grams of potatoes. I've got a large onion. And I've got half a liter of fish stock, or you could use chicken stock. 300 mills of milk and 200 mills of cream. Now these can vary. I'm using cream to give a richer soup, or you could use or milk, or you could just use water, but milk is more traditional. And I've also got a bunch of chives, which is also not really traditional, but chives and fish go really well together, so I'm doing it. And if you can't get smoked haddock, any kind of smoked white fish will do in a pinch. So let's get going. And continuing the Keif Cook's tradition of forgetting to tell you about a fairly vital ingredient. I've got a big knob of butter, that's about 50 grams, two ounces. So first thing to do is prep the spods. I need to peel them and chop them into cubes about a centimeter, half an inch. Then we need to peel the onion and chop it into small bits. I'm going to melt the butter in a large pan. I'm doing this in one pot because this is basically a peasant dish, and I don't think that I have lots of frying pans and different pans. They do it in one pot. So just throw in the onions, stir that around, get nicely coated. And we want to let those cook for about five minutes until they're softened but not browned. Now we'll add the spuds. Just throw those around, get them nice and coated in the butter and cook for a couple more minutes. Okay now I'm going to add the fish stock, or chicken stock if you're using that, and the milk. I've got the heat on quite low, you don't want it to hot when you're cooking with milk because it might curdle. Now we'll just lay the fish on top of that to cook for about five minutes. So this looks about done. You don't want to overcook the fish at this point, but you can see there it breaks apart quite easily. So we take all the fish out and set it on one side. So now we just need to let the soup cook until the potatoes are tender, which will take probably ten or fifteen minutes. I'm going to throw in some chopped chives now, and I'm going to have a little taste. That's wonderful. I don't think it's going to need any salt because the fish itself is quite salty. Right the spuds are nice and soft. I'm just going to add in the cream. Give that a stir. And now flaking the fish it should fall off the skin very easily. And that's basically it. So here we are, a wonderful, Column Skink. And I'm trying very hard not to call it killing skunk. That's what normally happens. So we just slap a pile of it in a bowl with some soup around it and just throw some chives on it to make it look pretty. And let's have a taste. Ah. Mmm. That is fantastic. And that's that. Hope you enjoyed it. Now please share it with all your friends on social media. Subscribe to this channel, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest. And don't forget the amazing website that has all the details of all the recipes. And thank you for watching. Come back soon. You