 Hey guys, I'm Lisa Difazio, Registered Dietitian and Media Nutritionist. Today we're making a low calorie crab salad. So delicious, great for any party or lunch. So let's get started. First off, in a bowl you want to get some imitation crab meat. Now you can get this at any market and what's nice about it, it's about $9 a pound, so not too expensive and really high in protein and also really nice and colorful. I always like to add lemon to my seafood, so whether it's fish or crabs, squeeze some lemon on there to kind of take out the fishiness and add a little bit of lemony flavor. Okay, so we have that there. Then we're going to dice up some celery, which of course is going to add some crunch and some freshness and always a good idea to have in any salad. So I've already washed my celery and I usually just kind of slice it down the middle and then slice it in some nice pieces or some crunch. And this is going to be a really nice low calorie dish. So perfect for lunch time or even as a high protein snack. Okay, so toss your celery in there. And then for more crunch and more color, I like to add some green pepper to my dishes. So we're going to slice it off there and around here. Okay. And probably just half of the green pepper right now. This will serve maybe two people and you can always use some more later on. And I always have a little trash bowl here to throw in my rinds and my seeds to keep my area clean. So so tasty, green peppers are really high in vitamin C. And again, add some good crunch and color to any salad. So I'm going to throw that in there. I like kind of, I like a little bigger chunks. Nice that up. Throw that in with the celery and the crab. And what's going to make this really nice and low calorie and low fat is that we're going to use light and low fat mayonnaise. Look at those beautiful colors. Okay, great. So we're going to set that aside and we're going to kind of make our topping. So we're going to take about maybe a quarter cup of light mayonnaise. I love having light mayonnaise in the house. It makes a really nice tuna and only has 35 calories to table spoons. You really save a lot of calories there. And for some extra tartness, we're going to add some sour cream. So you can use some white or low fat sour cream also to save on calories. I'm going to toss some oregano in there for some nice flavor and seasonings. Okay. And stir that together. Okay, just get that nice and blended. We're going to take our crab salad mixture here. I'm going to toss that on top and combine all the ingredients. What's nice about this dish is you can make it ahead of time and refrigerate it and have it ready for lunch time. More again, like I said in the afternoon, it's great to serve to friends. Sometimes I'll have this during the holidays and serve it on the side with some crackers as a really nice appetizer. So there you have it. Again, works delicious with crackers and also as a sandwich, if you'd like. So there is your low calorie crab salad. I'm Lisa D. Fazio. Thanks for watching. We'll see you next time.