 Hello everyone and welcome to my channel. Today we are going to be talking about these beautiful Norfolk Island pines and this is actually a tropical plant. It's actually a tree and with this plant a lot of people like to take these out in the wintertime and the thermometer for post-prodecoration but it's not really a good idea. It's too cold to keep them out especially if it's snowing. This is considered a tropical plant so what you're going to want to take care of it is you want to water it well but it almost dry out but not completely. You want to keep it evenly moist. They do like a higher humidity. Also keep them somewhere where there's no grass like vents or fans or anything like that. Now they do like bright light so if you keep them within about four feet from a window they'll do really well. During the winter let them dry out completely but not for very long. You want to make sure you just water them as soon as they become completely dry so you want to check them midweek. Water them about once a week and see how they're doing and then check them midweek to see how they're doing after that. This plant you want to repot every three to four years and you want to do it in the spring. Don't do it more often than that because it is finicky and the roots don't like it so don't repot unless you really need to. Also you're going to give it plant food about every two weeks. They need their nutrition and fertilize monthly with half the strength of the fertilizer. So if your fertilizer calls for a teaspoon in a gallon of water use half a teaspoon in a gallon of water. Also the soil that they come in make sure you pay attention to that because when you get ready to repot you're going to want to use the same type of soil that's really important for keeping your plant healthy. This plant requires a fast draining sterile commercial potting soil so if you don't know what kind of potting soil to get just go down to your plant nursery and talk to them and they can recommend something for you. So there you have it. I will tell you also in the wild these trees get up to about 100 feet in homes so they can't get up to 20 feet. Most of the time they don't because most people don't know how to take care of them. But if you decide to get one let me know leave a message below and let me know you decided to get one and or if you have one let me know how it's doing and maybe post some pictures so we can see what it looks like. Thank you so much for watching please like and subscribe and I will see you in the next video.