 Hey guys, it's Jessica with Quill and Dales and today I'm going to be showing you how I clean my hedgehog's cage. So I normally clean my hedgehog's cage about once every week, sometimes more often depending on how dirty it gets. And I use fleece for the bottom of his cage. I've never really tried anything else besides fleece. I haven't really had the need to because fleece liners work really good for me for both my rats and my hedgehog. So I've really had no need to switch any other bedding. So this week I'm not really doing a major clean. I'm just more changing out his liner and cleaning his wheel and his hut and things like that. But every couple of weeks, like once a month or something, I will go ahead and wash everything like all the toys and everything like that inside of his cage. Okay, so what I did first is I obviously just opened up his cage, just like this, then go ahead and take out all of his toys. So then I take out his fleece more of all. I'll just take out his little hut as well as the bedding. It's in there. I'll just stick that in there and take out his wheel. And I want to wait until I get my troubles here in the way, baby. Then go ahead and take out his thing, whatever it's called, tube thing, just like that. And then the final step is go ahead and just gather it all. So I just gather and go all this fabric. So I just take the corners and I just fold them in like this. And just be careful of the fold them in there with it. So I just fold them up just like that and create like a giant burrito. Then I can go outside and shake this off. So then I go ahead and take a wipe, like a baby wipe or something, and I just wipe down the little cage so I'm going to go get a baby. Okay so once that's done, I can go ahead and put in the new fabric. So I don't like you, all of his extra fabric on top of this cage. So it's kind of just right ready to go. So this week he's going to have this cute little dino print till then. I'm going to have to focus manual. Just cute little dino print, just like that. Okay so I'm going to go ahead and do that. And I have enough leaves to cover this cage twice. I normally buy enough to cover it twice. So I just kind of fold it in half just like this. Just fold it in half. So it's two layers thick. Normally it doesn't take me this long. There we go. And then just looks like that. And then I just place it in his cage. And just kind of do that. Just like that. So now he has his new fleece liner in. So then now what I'm going to do is I'm going to start putting his stuff back. Now if it's really dirty then I'll go ahead and wash it and clean it. A lot of his stuff I did a huge clean last week. So I'm not really going to bother with doing a huge clean of everything. Okay so I'm going to go ahead and put some of his stuff back in here and put his hat back inside. Now the thing that was inside of his hat I always wash that because he sleeps all the time. So there's obviously all sorts of coils and stuff in there. So I just grab the next piece of fabric which is actually just along with your pajamas. And just go ahead and set that inside by fat. Flip it upside down and set it in. And I just let him kind of figure out how he likes it. And then actually I'm going to go wash his wheel and his thing, whatever this is. So what I normally do to wash this is I just get an old toothbrush and some soap and some water. And I just kind of run it under the water and get that old toothbrush and just kind of scrub it. And then obviously make sure it's an old toothbrush and make sure you're done. Put it away because you don't want to accidentally use it. So yeah I'm going to go do that. Okay so I've finished washing these. I'm going to go ahead and just set them back and then go ahead and put his wheel in and just in. We're just getting away. Troubles. How do you always do this? Was that the way? Seriously? Say hello to Troubles. You have a thin base. Hold on. Say hello to Troubles. You have a thin base. Hold on. Say hello. You have fans. If you think Troubles is cute, give this video a thumbs up. That's how I'm going to get likes now because people are going to say that he's cute. If you think he's cute, give this video a thumbs up. Okay. Let's go back. And that's pretty much it. I just like close his cage up. Just like that. And that's pretty much it. Now what I do is I go ahead and shake off the old liners outside and then I wash them. But that's pretty much it. And I actually have three liners that I use for him. One of them is being washed and that one, which I just took out of this cage, is going to be washed with it. So there we go. And then once I'm done, they go ahead and stand. Don't you? Ready for the next week. So that's pretty much it. And there we go. He's running out of his wheel, displaying for you guys. So I really hope you guys like this video. Be sure to give it a thumbs up and don't forget to comment and subscribe. Okay. Cue and... No, not cue intro. Cue outro. And sorry, I forgot to mention, don't forget to put your head chug's food and water roll back in after cleaning it. Okay. Let's put it. Bye. Troubles is bye, but it's too busy running. Bling, circles run. onions Moż morning turret vs festivals Welcome to falling Feels made Woops Ewww Ewww mean you.