 While summer is coming to an end once again and I got to call projects I'm working on try to get them finished up before school starts again and one of them being restoring these cast iron pans. Here we have the Wagner drip drop skillet roaster which has a little bit of rust on the inside here and not too bad overall. These two are very similar pans that are given to me. This one is really rusty in here. I don't know if that's pitting in there and not we'll find out. Just unmarked pans here. This one has a smoke ring on it and a lot of carbon build up. So I've already been working on this here pan. This is just a number eight with a smoke ring and it's unmarked and I've been using a wire wheel here to clean it up. It's been bathing in the electrolysis tank. I'm also redoing restoring this axe head here too and that was all rusty. I sent that through the electrolysis tank. I want to sharpen that up but what I decided to do with these two here, one of them is going to go in the tank and one of them I'm going to soak in this cleaning vinegar which has one more horsepower than the steel vinegar. This is 6% acidity and the steel vinegar is 5%. We'll see if it's worth the extra 75 cents or so. I'm going to soak one in that and I'm going to put one in electrolysis tank since they're both similar size. I'm just curious to see how the vinegar cleaning method will work. I've got some still a wool here to finish them off. I'm trying to decide which one is going to go in the E tank and which one is going to be bathing in vinegar. This one I'm going to do in electrolysis tank for sure. I want to throw both of these in at the same time and see how they come out the next day. Here's the vinegar bucket and the dirty electrolysis tank already. I've been doing some stuff in there that acts head and I did some files. So if you can real quick let me know in the comments which one I should put in the electrolysis tank and which one I should try in vinegar. There's the bottom of this one again and inside of this one has a little more rust going on and maybe some pitting and this one just has a lot of carbon build up with a little bit of rust in it. A lot of carbon build up on this one. So let me know real quick which one you think I should throw in the vinegar and which one in electrolysis tank. You can say the one on the left or the one on the right. I don't know what you mean. So I'll throw those in tonight and see how they come out tomorrow.