 What is up guys, welcome back to this episode of the Toy! Yeah! Yeah! Whoa! Okay guys, this is the day I am here to get a bunch of different activators. The most commonly used activators, I just want to see how it takes the strongness, the slininess, the dryness, the stretchiness, the everythingness, the stuffness, and the badness, and the goodness, and everything about it. I want to show this because I want to see what the activator is the best. And also, if some of them aren't bad, it's about an ar-bad, and you know, just, what's the easiest to them? And today's a like by chance to be in cream melt, something like really, really random, or just weird out here like, but nanopieels make me laugh. Or anything, if you're on creativity. And at that first like when, if you guys are able to do it and if you're brave enough, make sure you comment below, hashtag, I did it, and also what's catchphrase, or whatever phrase you use. Anyways, comment below, and yeah, that was it. Let's just get straight out into the video. What, yo? Okay guys, the first we're gonna do is a borax, so the real OG borax. So the usual recipe, like the most common recipe is to put one cup of warm water, or hot water, actually hot water is better. And one teaspoon of borax, and that's what I'm doing right now. You know, just a normal recipe. Okay, then you shake it up till it's all dissolved. Okay, I did it. Alright, let's start making the slime. So make this for you guys, and to make sure that like, I know which activator is the best, I'm gonna be using a cup of glue for each, and then after I want to like, measure them out on table spoon. So yeah, then I'm gonna go ahead and put some food coloring. Okay guys, and now we're just not activating it. Okay, so here is one tablespoon, and I'm just gonna put two tablespoons, because I'm gonna guess what, need two tablespoons. Two tablespoons so far, of the borax. I'm gonna put one more tablespoon, because it seems like it needs one more. Okay, one more tablespoon. So so far guys, we need four tablespoons of borax for one cup of glue. Okay, since I need one more tablespoon guys, so so far guys, I put five tablespoons of borax with one cup of glue. So yeah, that seems to get a good amount. Alright guys, well, five tablespoons if you guys want to make some slime. So here is the slime finally, as you can tell, it is really, really nice. I really love borax because it can go like a long way, like a little can go a long way. It's crazy how far it can go, and a box can go even longer, like crazy. And I think a little slime here is a slimeatory, and so borax is just my baby, it's my best friend. Diamonds are my best friend, boraxes. And also it doesn't really change the slime much, and you can also saturate it. So if you want like stronger borax, then you know you can make stronger borax if you want. But what I'm con that I really hate is that I have to make the borax. Like I love that liquid starch is like ready made and tied. Not that one though. Okay guys, so that is that one. We're gonna go ahead and get on to the next one. Okay, I put next to it. Our trial is tied original, and I think a lot of people use this because this is like something everybody kind of has. And I feel like everybody has the source. So tied original definitely works if you guys don't have any borax, or you're not allowed to use borax, use tie. There is already one con that I don't like with this one. It's that it has blue dye, but there is also tied clean and sensitive I think. And that one is actually clear, so you can use that one for like clear slime, or you know just not to change the color of the slime. So yeah. Okay, so I have one cup of glue as always, and then I'm gonna put one tail spoon of the detergent. No, two tablespoons. I'm gonna put two tablespoons. I don't know why, but I just get so excited and so surprised when the detergent makes slime. It's just, it's so weird to me because detergent, it's just because I always use borax and not detergent, so it's so weird when it makes slime. Okay, I'm gonna put one more tablespoon. Well probably more, but you know, I'm putting one day with one right now. It's three tablespoons for one cup of glue. Okay, guys, I'll put another tablespoon of the detergent. I feel like this is probably gonna be the last of it. This is four tablespoons with one cup of glue. Okay, guys, so I'm gonna add one last teaspoon because I feel like it needs a teensy bit more because it's kind of still sticky, so I'm just gonna add that really quick. Okay, guys, so here is the slime and it's finally completely done. It took like four tablespoons and one teaspoon and I think that's pretty good. It took a little bit less than the borax, but I kind of feel like I might have put a little too much water in the borax, so it might have been a little bit diluted, but anyways, so here is slime. I think it's still, it does tint it quite a bit and I've actually really tried to mix colors with it and it doesn't change into color. So yeah, you can't really make different colors with this one. Alright, guys, I'm gonna try and make it green. Okay, guys, so here it is. It's all done and this is actually the detergent, so the pros to this is that you don't really have to make the borax. You don't have to make anything, you can't just pour it in there. And also, they sell it at a lot more stores, like borax is kind of hard to find, especially with slime trend. People are buying it like crazy, it's hard to get, and also I know a lot of places like the UK or other countries don't allow borax. So, time is a very good substitute. Some cons are that it does change the texture a little bit, it makes it kind of thicker, which doesn't really matter. I mean, it's slime slime. Slime slime is really nice. And also, it kind of gets a cornstarch feeling, that's it. And then also, it paints the slime quite a bit, so you can't have every color you want, but you can add mostly colors. But yeah, that's basically it, guys. I like it a lot and what do you guys think? Okay, guys, so here's the slime. This one is the borax one, and then this one is the detergent. And it tells it's like a lot more droopy. Borax does not taste the texture of the glue at all, and then the detergent kind of doesn't look. So, guys, the first two will let's get onto the next one. Okay, so the next one we're going to use is a liquid starch. And this is actually what I start off with, guys. Like, the first first time I made slime, I used liquid starch because I couldn't find borax, and I saw that every one of you was using liquid starch. I really was saying to use liquid starch. And actually, I had the worst time trying to find it, I could never find it. It's like literally, it's right there, right there, in front of your eyes. You can never see it, it's so weird. So, I actually really, really love liquid starch because you don't have to do anything to it, like the borax. Oh my god, I just spilled it. And also, it doesn't change the texture that much. It doesn't make it like a teensy bit thicker, but it doesn't change it as much as a detergent. So, I like it a lot. And it doesn't change the color, but one bad thing is that it is foggy. You can't really make any clear slime with it. I mean, you could if you want, but like, it will be foggy. So, if you don't really mind that, and if it's like a colorful slime, it doesn't really matter. Okay, that is four tablespoons of liquid starch. I think it is like, it's weaker than most activators. Okay, that is the fifth tablespoon. I literally keep filling it, guys. It's horrible. Okay, I think that should be it. That's the fifth tablespoon. It seems like it's done. I forgot to ask the food coloring, guys. This is a very long time, guys, since I used liquid starch, like, really long. Actually, you like the texture liquid starch gives the slime because it kind of makes it thicker. And I really like it. And it actually makes it kind of glossy, so I like it a lot. Okay, guys, I think I've almost done it. I think I'm going to add one teaspoon of liquid starch. And then I think it should be done. Wait, actually, actually, wait. Ah, no, nevermind. It's done. Okay, guys, so it is completely done. And I'm actually really liking this one. This one's actually really nice. I really just does kind of water down the slime a bit. But I like it. Here's the borax liquid starch. And then here is the detergent. The detergent feels kind of like you literally put corn starch in it. And like, it is so thick, guys. The liquid starch is so glossy, guys. I never noticed that. Okay, guys, well, guys, the liquid starch, I really love liquid starch. I haven't used it in a while, and I like it so much. You don't even have to do anything. And it, like, literally is so awesome. It doesn't change anything of the slime. And it actually makes the slime really glossy. So I'm really liking this one. Okay, I'm going to make this one pink. You guys, I have done with the liquid starch. Now, let's get off the last one. This one is actually, I saved the best for last. Excuse me, I mean the worst for last. So here is the baking soda content solution. So in that opinion, I really hate this one. I can never get it right. I don't know if I'm doing it horribly wrong. Okay, guys, so first, I'm going to color it. So it gets to be purple. Alright, and let's start doing it. Okay, so first we're going to get a pinch of baking soda. I think that's good. No, I'm going to do two pinches. That's going to be it. Alright, let me mix that out together. You know what? Actually, I feel like we might need three tablespoons pinches because I do how I look up with glue in here. So let's see how this goes. It literally never goes right for me. Always my slime dries up and it just starts pinging everywhere, pinging all the water out and it's just so weird. Okay, so we're going to put that into there. There's one tablespoon of corn, corn, tech, and solution. Alright, it's up to me, guys. Okay, and it's back to glue. Put another tablespoon. Okay, all right, guys, it's up to me again. And it's melted again. Okay, I'm going to put one more tablespoon and then I'm going to put some more baking soda because I feel like maybe I might need more. Let's see. Yeah, and it's melting again. Okay, I feel like I might need a teensy bit more of the baking soda. Okay, that was like two pinches. So that was five pinches of baking soda and three tablespoons of corn starch, contact with solution. Don't put corn starch in your eyes, guys. So this is the fourth contact with solution. It's working, it's working, it's working. Alright, is it going to melt? It's working. Okay, so it seems like it's activated, guys, but it seems like you need one more tablespoon. Like three more tablespoons of the corn starch. Contact with solution. Why do I keep saying corn starch? Okay, now that's like four ready to go. This is the fifth one. Five. This is definitely a lot more work than the board. But it is really thick. It's very thick. So I think the key to this slime is to put more contact with solution than baking soda. Okay, that is the sixth tablespoon of contact with solution. Okay, guys, this is the seventh tablespoon. Can you believe that seven tablespoons? This is why I don't like this method. It's just, it takes way too long. But it isn't key. A really thick slime, and I'm really enjoying that. Okay, guys, I finally made a successful contact with solution and baking soda slime. Like literally, I can never make it and they're horrible. Oh, if you ever have to make slime with baking soda and contact with solution, because that's all you have, definitely put a lot more contact with solution than baking soda. Okay, that is a lot better. I'm going to put a tablespoon of baking soda, guys. I don't know if I can say this enough, but just do not. Because they will completely ruin your slime. Anyways, I am really liking this slime. It's like super thick. Okay, guys, it is time for the slimes with the nails. No! Okay, guys, here are all the slime. Make sure to take screenshots, post them on Instagram and then tag them out because I love to see them. And here is the list of this. This is going to look like Sherbert, guys. This is going to be so pretty. Oh my god, it's like unicorn poop. Oh my god, guys. Look how beautiful. Okay, guys, well, in my opinion, I like deep borax, like, all the way. I feel like it's just, you can make so much with it. Like, I still have this whole bottle and this whole box, like literally, I took a teaspoon from the box. I don't know what they, what do you guys think? Comment down below if you don't like borax and me. It irritates your hands. Or maybe you don't like look at starch or irritate your hands. I don't know. Anyways, that is the guy. Thank you so much. And I really hope it's an exciting slime. Bye!