 This episode of Diet Trion is brought to you by Pete, God of Motive. Well I'm the Diet Trion. Keep up on your regularly scheduled maintenance. I'm Patty Dorn. I'm Michael Hanz. We are gonna get greasy this week. I'm buddy Matt who's actually behind the camera right now. I bought a $500 Toyota Corolla for his mom. Yeah but it doesn't look like it's had a huge amount of maintenance on it even though it has 100,000 miles on it. So we're gonna fix it up just a little bit. Yes a little bit. Yeah. We're gonna go sort of step by step through it. I think we'll start with fluids. What are we doing first Michael? First we put the car onto some ramps. Yeah you can actually use a jack and a pair of jack stands to hold the front end of the car up. Or if you're lucky and you can fit your coolant catch, your tank to catch the coolant underneath the car with it down on the ground. Go for it. So we remove the radiator cap. Just for fun we tested the radiator, the anti-freeze and coolant that was in the radiator. This is an anti-freeze tester and what it's gonna do is it's gonna let us know if we're still protected from freezing. And so... I thought anti-freeze was supposed to be a different color than that. Anti-freeze is usually green or red. So green is kind of the traditional color. It's sort of bright green and yellow. And so we've got four balls floating here, five balls floating here. So this is protection here somewhere between negative 40 and negative 25 from freezing. But that color is either dex cool, which is a red color, which isn't really the right color for dex cool or maybe there's a lot of rust in this system. So we're gonna flush the radiator and the cooling system. But the bottom of your radiator there is going to be some kind of a valve, a petcock, a plug. In this case, I thought we were gonna need to get to it from underneath. But it turns out you can reach it just fine from the top of the radiator. Well, that was draining. We checked out the hoses. When you're taking a look at this, so this is your radiator. Don't open that unless it's cool. Squeeze the hoses, right? If there's a lot of cracks in the hoses, if there's a lot of bulging out here or like this, right? You can see this is probably the original hose inside of there. We see all that cruff down there, that guk. And that actually looks like it's trashing the fibers at the center of our rubber hose here. So we were going to replace this. So we picked up a replacement hose from the local auto part store, pulled the old hose off, and then Michael drew back and discussed. It's not something you would expect to be in a car. Yeah, well, so, well, at this point, right? Basically, it looked like coolant was leaking under the hose that was decomposing. We put a rag in that hose and ran it over with a Scotch bright pad to remove the worst to the craft. Once it was all down to bare metal, we wiped it one last time through the hose on, and everything was copacetic at that point. Yeah, so now we're ready to do the actual flushing. All right, let's flush. You need a hose. You need something to catch the fluid and you need time. Drain the horrible brown fluid. Hopefully you will have beautiful crisp green antifreeze. The water is still coming out a little brown, which maybe if you had some rust issues somewhere in here, so we got super cleaner and flush, dumped that in, filled it up with water, ran that for 10 minutes. And that seemed to actually get the worst of it out, and the water actually started to look like water in that mud. Yeah, so now we're ready for the actual coolant to add it back in. Roll it down off the ramps, drain the last of that water into your container, because we didn't get all the water out of the engine block until we got it back level again. Plug the radiator and fill it. We're using peak antifreeze and coolant long life. I like using the 50-50 pre-mix, so don't have to run around and find the still water and calculate the blend. Which of you mentioned peak radiator guarantee with the long life antifreeze and coolant we're using here? You get 150,000 miles or five years of coverage? Or you can go with the global lifetime antifreeze and coolant and you get lifetime protection as long as you own your vehicle. How cool is that? Cool, you can check out more info at peakgarrantee.com. Peak radiator guarantee, protect your cooling system, guaranteed. Did we overfill? Just a little bit. Alright, so we'll make sure we clean that up so we don't kill the cat and fire it up and we're going to let the air work its way out of the system. So leave the radiator cap off once you've topped off the radiator. Fire up the engine, turn the heat up to boil a chicken and let it run for a few minutes. Alright, it looks like it's burping its way out. I'm going to take this for a quick cruise. I'll be right back and we will top off the last of our antifreeze. You can be curious and I'll be maverick or you would be maverick and I'll be goose. I only somewhat get that reference. You were so young. Sorry. I'm so old. You never seen tophead? So we ran it around, opened it up, a bunch of airy come out of the system and it bled itself basically. We topped it off and we just did our second tour to neighborhood and we're good. That is topped off. Color's nice. I like that a lot better than the crud that was in there before. Now onto oil. So we're back underneath the car which is up on ramps. Probably don't need ramps to change the oil but it makes it a little easier to reach this which is the drained plug on the oil pan. It also makes it a lot easier for Matt to get the camera under the car. So position your oil catch underneath there. Watch out because it could be hot and it will come out fast and you think it will once that plug is out of place. While that's draining we're going to go back up topside and figure out how to get the oil filter off the engine block. The oil filter is conveniently positioned underneath this which is the exhaust manifold. Which is really hot. Yes. As a matter of fact it is which is why I have my gloves back on and I want to pull my sleeves down because I got to a certain age and I really didn't like secondary burns anymore. So this is a strap wrench. You can either use it with a half inch socket, a screwdriver or an adjustable wrench or a pair of vice grips. The oil filter on this car is so tweed I couldn't actually find one of the cool end cap. You basically have sockets that fit on the end of oil filters now. So the way this works is as you tighten it up the strap wraps around the oil filter and then you just keep turning it. It just tightens itself up. It's about as simple as simple gets. But I like the ones that fit over the end a little bit more because you just pop them on the end and turn them. Once it's basically past a quarter turn it should be loose enough to turn with your fingers and make sure you've left your drain pan underneath in case any oil falls out of the oil filter. Once you've got that off it's time to get the replacement oil filter ready to go. You want to be very careful not to get any stuff inside your oil filter. Basically screw it finger tight and then you're going to want another three quarters of a turn. A good way to gauge this is by putting a mark on the oil filter before you spin it. I'm going to eyeball this because it's a black filter and all we have are black pens. Because you have the oil filter back on make sure to tighten up the drain plug in the oil pan. If there's a torque value in the manual do it but check it twice. But once it's on you can add your new oil back. Our car required three quarts of oil. Yeah your manual basically tell you what kind of oil for the temperature area you're in and how much oil in this case it was three quarts of 10W30. It looked more pink. Made in America. This is like I think your first automotive mechanical experience. I feel about it. It wasn't too bad actually. Changing the coolant did take a little bit of time because you had to do the whole flushing process but that was easy and then changing the oil was really easy. It was like 10 minutes? Yeah 10 minutes something like that. Five minutes of that was figuring out how to get the filter out from underneath the exhaust manifold without lighting myself on fire. So I definitely recommend doing car maintenance me saying that because I don't have a car. Get in the car. Do you have more car stuff coming up on this channel? So let us know what you think. Dieter try and get rid of version three.com or comment down below. Should we take Michael to Bonneville? Let's get Michael and Beatr. Let's take him to Bonneville. Let's get him doing 135 for the first time in his life. Dieterion.com or youtube.com slash Dieterion. Please subscribe join us along for the ride at Dieterion or Dieterion at revisionthree.com. Thanks for watching. I'm Pat Adortin. I'm Michael Ann. We'll see you next week on Dieterion. Don't forget make sure you dispose of your oil properly. Make it into some place it recox it and recycles it. Make sure it doesn't go in your driveway or down into the dirt. That's a morsel drink and oil in the water. Come on we're going to make you famous. What do you want to television show? Shop cat. I know the dudes from animalist. Oh my god. Oh my god.