 This is something I've been a little excited about. This is a mini Dhumidifier. I'm excited to try out. So over this weekend we're going to see how it does. I'll do a separate video on this one. This is by Invasion. Again, Amazon. I read some of the reviews on there. It looked pretty good. 40 some bucks under 50 bucks. So we'll see what it does. I use, you can see behind the TV. That's where I keep my damper in right there behind the TV so the cats can't get into it. I want them driving. I keep it in the sink. So it's not to make a mess. But let's open this puppy up. To give you instructions. I'm not going to read that crap. That's what it is right there. It is not very huge. Let's get it started. These work by basically you have electric current and look it in because these do take power. These work by basically you have a cool side and a warm side. An air flows in through it. It hits a little grill and they call it thermostatic or something like that. It hits a little plates in there. It causes it to condense and it drops down into the bottom and it's bucket. And then when it's full you pop this out and you pour it out. Important, important, important. This is not, if you would ever get one of these, this does not make drinking water. You know, this is not safe to consume. Any bacteria that it's picked up is going to be in that tank. So you definitely don't want to drink water out of this. You don't want to say, hey, this will be what I use for my pets. You do not want to drink it. You will get sick. Let's get it plugged in. I got it plugged in. I'm going to turn it on. There it goes. I don't think that's too loud either. I don't think that's bothersome. So over these three days I'm going to let this run and we'll see how the water does. Have a great and wonderful day, YouTubers. All right, while we're here, we're going to check on the status of this Ivation dehumidifier. And as you can see for comparison, it's about the size of a 32 ounce power eight bottle. So it's not too big. But as you can see, there is liquid down in there. It's on, so we have to turn it off. I even brought a little measuring cup, which I'm going to actually have to wash after. But let's get this sucker out of there. It should be pretty easy. Just pull that out. Just pull this tray out. There we go. And then I'm going to set the camera down as I pour this out. But you can see there's two fluids in there. I just need to take that out and then pour it out. So I'm going to pause. Here we can see it's over a third of a cup of water in a day, which is what, like, three ounces of water. It's an eight ounce reservoir. I just wanted to see how it did for a day. And I'm going to obviously put it back in there and do it again. But that is also with some dampered containers out. So I think this little Ivation thing is going to work out. And it's so small. You can hear a little fan blowing on it, but it's not too terrible. If you hear that fan noise, that's the AC. That's not this thing. But a third of a cup of water in a day is a lot of moisture. Hope this helps people out. So far, I would highly recommend it. I can't guarantee lifespan. It's probably one of those things that below 50 bucks, if you get a year or two out of it, you're probably doing well. But I hope this helps somebody. Have a great and wonderful day.