 Well, so if your power windows in your 93 and up Ford Ranger are doing this, that means it's time for a new power window regulator. And here's what the new ones look like. I did buy two of them. The driver side is kind of starting to act up a little bit and it was cheaper to buy two of them. I don't know why I'm wearing this side, but seeing as how the one that's actually completely broken is the one on the passenger side. So that's the one I'm going to do first. There is a little bit of drilling out of rivets that you have to do. It's really not all that hard to change one of these out, just as long as you follow the steps. They are mounted in there with pop rivets from the factory, so you will have to drill those out. That's about the hardest part that you'll have to deal with. So let's go ahead and get started. Now the first thing you're going to want to do is go ahead and move your door panel. Now from what I can see here, I've got a screw up here. I've got a screw down here and I might have another one within this carpeting somewhere over here. I'm going to go ahead and remove these two screws. Now once you get the two screws out, it should just pop right off. And again, since you do have power windows and power locks, there will be a connector on the back here, but you'll have to carefully disconnect. Oddly enough, I think the prior owner replaces this thing before because this is where the rivets are supposed to be. These four bolts right here, and they're bolts. They're not pop rivets. And if you look at them closely, the bolts have actually been broken off to facilitate this. So what I'm going to go ahead and do with these is I'm just going to reuse them on the new one. I don't know why the old one fails. Yeah, I was just showing you guys this. Just in case some of you might have asked me why I just didn't draw out the other side if you guys said anything about the other side having them or not. Well, they don't. So unfortunately, I can't show you. Now the other part, in order to get the arm off the support bracket that holds the window up, I might have to remove my tape just to let it down part of the way so I can get to it. But we'll see what happens. Right now, I'm going to go ahead and disconnect all four of those bolts. And we'll see what the next step is. I'm just going to go ahead and see if I can bring the window down just a little bit more. So now it's been removed. And there you have it. So let's go grab the new one and see if the new one even works. So now in a perfect world, you would expect a factory or a company to test one in these each and every time. But they don't out of the factory sometimes. So let's just make sure that it even works. And it appears to. So now it's a tricky part as we saw with getting the old one out. Let's see if we can get the new one in. There we go. Put that behind there. Now I just have to put the bracket back into the slide. Kind of got to do that by feeling. So with everything mounted back in, this bolt right here did prove to be the most difficult just because of the way it was laid out. But I was able to go in kind of through the top of the bracket. Was this one right here. As you can see, what kind of gets in the way is the bracket that holds the window. But if you open it up just enough, or if you make this, you know, if you make the window go up, you can kind of get to it all the way up position through the top here. And you kind of just got to slip your bolt right through it. It's very difficult. And they're all honesty what's easier. It's putting the bolt in before you put the entire assembly on and sticking a piece of tape over it over the bolt head so it's not going to go anywhere. So in that way, you can line everything up and get that in a little bit easier than I did. It took me a little bit longer than I would have liked to get in that part put in. So now all I have left to do is put the weather cover. Go ahead and call it that. I'm probably going to do is just tape it in. Put a few pieces of tape here and there. Just so it won't go anywhere. Put everything back together. So now I'm going to go ahead and reconnect these switches and make sure I have the right ones. So we have your window switch up here. Let's go ahead and put it back in place. Like I said, these are plastic threads that they're going into. So you don't want to put them in very tight. Put it back in place, screwing the parts back in. So now we're ready to put the panel back on. So the easiest way to get your panel back on is just kind of slip this guy through here. Should have just done that in the beginning, but oh well. Wouldn't have had to银 through all the hassle and taking off those pieces. Now this kind of tricky part is getting your lock lined up. It actually might need to make your locks go up. Make sure the little hooks are in place. So all up here to be. Snap this back in place, taking care not to break it. Now just reattach this screw. Now for the last one. So now you know how to change a power window regulator and a 93 and up Ford Ranger. Hope you guys enjoyed this video. Don't forget to rate, comment and subscribe. I very much appreciate any of that. So you lost a classy.