 Hey what's up everybody! Today's recipe is going to be some straightforward old-fashioned Benyes fried to perfection and coated with some sweet snowy sugar. All right so let's dive into the recipe. First up you're going to need to get the starter ready. So in a small mixing bowl add in your warm water along with the sugar yeast melted butter fresh vanilla bean or extract depending on what you have on hand and finally the warm milk. Give this a good whisk then you're going to cover it with plastic film and let it sit for about 15 to 20 minutes until it gets all frothy on top. Once the starter is bubbling with life remove the plastic film and transfer to the bowl of an electric stand mixer. If you don't have an electric mixer this part of the process can be done by hand but the amount of kneading time should be doubled. Add 2 thirds of the bread flour and a generous pinch of salt and mix on low to medium speed for 3 to 4 minutes. Then you're going to add the remainder of the bread flour and continue to mix on low to medium speed for another 4 to 5 minutes until the dough becomes very elastic and slightly sticky to the touch. Transfer the dough to a buttered up bowl cover with plastic wrap and allow this to proof or rise for one hour or until it has doubled in volume. When you're about 15 minutes out heat up a large pot fill the quarter of the way up with some canola oil peanut or vegetable oil to about 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Dust your working surface with a generous amount of flour and begin to roll out the bayonet dough to about a quarter of an inch thickness or less. Now I prefer to roll them pretty thin for really extra crispy bayonets so keep that in mind when you're rolling them out but obviously that depends on your preference. Cover the dough with a damp towel and let them proof again for 30 minutes before you cut once they're proofed cut them into small shapes square being the traditional shape of a bayonet and fry them for 2 to 3 minutes on each side but be sure to turn them about 30 seconds in otherwise you'll end up with a very flat-sided vignet which is still fine but you won't get that really well-rounded puffy shape that we all look for in a good vignet. After they're all fried up transfer them to a tray lined with a few paper towels to catch the excess grease and finally comes the powdered sugar. Less is more, more is less, it really all depends on what you want and that's it. Crispy puffed morsels doused and snowy sugar amazing is right at your fingertips. All right. I'm so excited about this. I've been asking for vignets for spin like it least a year or two and I haven't gotten around to it. Finally I got my vignets got my vignet game on. They have the beautiful puff in the middle they have this like you know little puffiness to them I just love so much it's like as soon as you bite into them it's like an explosion of powdered sugar so it's always really hard for me to not just want to dive into it but how many rounds of these did you have to do before you nail this one? This is the first time first attempt but I made donuts before and there's the same thing. Benyes and donuts are the same thing except venues tend to have this like square shape to them right yeah and they don't have a hole in them like most donuts. Sometimes they're dizzling and then they're Mickey Mouse. And they're Mickey Mouse yeah. All right let's dive in. Cheers. Cheers. Benyee. Benyee. Benyee. Cheers. All right. See? Wait, do I pause your area? A little bit but to what eating a veni is all about. This is what makes a veni basically a veni is it has this big hole in the middle. It should really there's like really crispy on the outside kind of flaky soft tender in the middle. And really it's simple right simple pastry. Oh my word you nail this one. Thanks Ben. This is so good. I love it dude. It's dangerous because we have like how many things did you make? Dude, watch this. Why are you doing this? Why does he always do this? Watch this. It's a little it's a little snow from above you know. Oh my gosh they're so good right you like peel them apart and it's like this like tender crumb bread in the middle like sweet bread. Can I say that I think that these are just as good as the lunch from Disneyland? Oh that's pretty good that's a high bar. I've never been I've never really tried them anywhere else. I was craving them so bad. Disneyland they're a different shape and obviously it fries up a little differently when you have different shapes like the thinner you go the more crispy you'll get them. So everyone has their own take on veni as but these turned out great. Well hope you guys enjoyed my take on veni as well it's not really a take this is pretty traditional. If you did give it a huge thumbs up comment down below for future video quests things you want to see on my channel. Subscribe at the end of this and I'll see you guys next time with another recipe later.