 Okay, today we're going to make a what I call hanging bottle tree. It's not a traditional bottle tree with the sticks coming off of it and hangs. This is like a basically a rebar chandelier and this one is going to be a smaller one as opposed to the first ones I made were about five foot wide. They had loops on them and the loops came down like a chandelier and they came out to be approximately the whole diameter of the thing was about five foot. This one we're going to use three, 40 inch sticks I have in your rebar. Now that's a 10 foot piece cutting thirds and you use up your whole the whole stick. It's going to have probably two to three little branches per section and this one's only going to have three sections. The other the five foot bottle tree has four sections. This one I'm only going to make it three sections so it's kind of like if you're looking at a circle it'd be three sections of a circle so roughly 120 degrees apart you'd make that's where you position the sections. I got a jig that's when you lay your sticks in there and hold the tops together it makes it easy to weld because they're not when you start putting those things together they want to start walking all around on you so I made up kind of a little jig that holds them whether you're doing a four section deal or you're doing a three section deal we'll show you that and show you the bending. We are to the point that we can start bending I can show you what the hell. We got a wedding tonight. It's been beautiful 70 degrees. 75 out of clouds sky 60s 50s at night. We'll come to smarting thunder 48 degrees and it's going to stay that way evidently through tomorrow. The thing is in the dotted out of the city outside so hopefully we'll figure that out. All right here we go. Start bending. Start bending. Start bending. Bend them. Put your little keeper in. Holds it. There. We can go around again. So balls in it. Close enough to telephone work. All right. What about that? There you go. Pass that. Turn it out basically. Okay. There's a little jig I made. It's just some little sections of kind of half condo a deal. You just lay your pieces in there and it holds them in the position you want. It's sitting right now in the ones that are basically 120 degrees around. And the other ones that are this one here you would use also for the if you're doing your four. Then obviously you can see the three empty ones would be used for the if you're doing the four section tree. You want to get it now where the center is straight looking at it you know from this way and looking at it from the side and looking at it from everywhere that it's basically straight. Then you can tighten up that you can see the. You got the little hose clamp on the top of it. You can see the hose clamp on it. Then you just tighten that hose clamp up and get your welds on there where it's not going to move around on you. And then you can leave it in the jig. You take it out of the jig. It doesn't really matter. The less welding you do on that wood I guess is the best. I've been doing I've done a lot of welding and it's never really you just kind of keep your eye on stuff and it never really is a problem as far as you know obviously you shouldn't. If you had a welding shop you wouldn't want to make everything out of wood but when you don't you know do the welding all day every day. The jigs are fine and there's no I really had a problem so do it at your own risk. You just don't be stupid if you weld and you got hot metal landed on that thing don't stick it under a bunch of leaves and go on vacation or something stupid like that. If need be doused with some water if you think you really got a lot of crap on there just doused with to take it outside and hit it with the hose and it's not going to. Or make it out of metal. Whatever you want to do. We'll get going on this thing maybe try to get a little bit of weld on it. So the branch length. Remember we decided it was going to be 7 and 11. What I'm going to do is I'm going to put I got it marked off 7 inches down here. 7 inches down here I'm going to put a 7 somewhere. 7 inches down here I'm going to put another 7 somewhere. I'm going to put in 11 somewhere. This way here like this. Somewhere here. I did 7 inch branch here 7 inches apart and then 11 inches. 11 inches apart here. It is a ratio in nature. If you want to go down from a measurement you times it by .618. If you want to go up from a measurement you take the measurement and times it by 1.618. 18 and a half 11 and a half and 7. But you know, like I say this is just not. This isn't rocket science so. That's how I come up with the length of the branches and the spacing of the branches on the sections. It does not look pretty good. I'm sure you could just say, OK make it 5, make it 15, make it 20 and it would look fine too. But like I say I need something to go on and I thought well that's been. They've been using that since man's been designing things. That's how we're going to do that. I'll just show you a couple. Like I say this is a more just a bottle tree thing. This isn't a welding video. There's a million guys out there that can weld. A million times better than I can. I never claim to be a professional welder or nothing. So this isn't a welding instructional. Ta-a film. But just to kind of let you know it's kind of just show you how it's going to look with a few branches on it. Alright if you care it's a 73 second 74 team rod. Well everybody a mine told me about a long time ago. He said you know if you all you got an AC machine he said you could get it clean. He said it's a great rod and then it is. It's a neat little rod. Anyway, let's get one of these 11's on down here. Just do a little bit of weld just to kind of show you what it's going to look like. Oh that looks beautiful. Except I screwed up. That should not have been a 11. Well I've already changed the method. I've only done one. I've changed the method. I've only done one stick. That'd be alright. What now I should put a six here? I don't know what to do. I don't want to walk away. No, it doesn't. I know. I'm going to put a 11. I don't know 11 or 11 or not. Can you do that? I don't know 11 or 11 or not. That is a nice look. That is beautiful. Oh man, looks like something out of a picture book. Okay, well you get the idea. Okay, now remember to do it not because it's welded. That's how you do it. Tricking about them 74 teens is you got to get it clean. Which, so then what I do is clean up these on the grinder. And then you clean up these. You can clean up to do your measurements. Then hit it with your little flap. That's a good little tool there. If you need to get into tight spots knocking off that slag and all that stuff gets you one of them. Wire wheels for the 4 inch grinder. Anyway, that's it. That's, you know, when it's done, it's done. And there you go. Be happy with it because it'll be fine. So, all right, I'm going to knock the rest of these welds out. Okay, there's a preliminary branches on it. It looks pretty good. I screwed that one up. I put two 11s on one. All right, there. Yeah, look bad. I still grind them off now because that re-bore really, it globs up really, yeah, no big deal. But it's just kind of globs up. And I'll hit them with the angle grinder. Turn it upside down. Hit your welds. It shouldn't get from up top. Turn it upside down and weld it. And then you can even put it in the, I got that, you see that? That piece of wood up there on the wall hanging, that's for the regular bottle trees that stand up. But you could also turn these things upside down, stick them in there, then you can weld upside down, without just having it rock on itself, you know, like, you know what I'm talking about. But just make sure your welds or branches up and down, all around and grind them. And that looks a little better too. You don't have all that globby crap hanging all over the place. Okay, well that's pretty much, pretty much it. I'll have to put a clean of top up, saw that top off even, and we'll put some kind of fancy, or not fancy, or whatever, the other one I put chain around, I usually put chain around them, just wrap rusty chain around them. This one, I don't know if I'm gonna do that, or if I might, get creative and make some leaves or something and put some leaves, you know, on the angle, just put the leaves up like this, and then on that side, or whatever.