 Hi, I'm Cindy from vdancewear.com and in this video I'm going to show you how to shorten straps on a top. It could be a sports bra tank top. Something that you'll want to think about, it's not necessarily just short Liam. You can turn them into a halter or you can turn them into a different design cross them in the back. It's going to be really important on this first step once you know it's too big they're too long. Then what you're going to want to do is go right in, right next to the top, do not cut that front piece. Otherwise you're going to have to deal with a hole. You're going to take your scissors and just slice right through there. Now then you're going to want to go in and just clean up so you don't see any of that's done from the outside. Just clean that up. And then there you go. Let's throw away that piece. And then now we have the strap loops. Then let's go ahead and do the same thing to the other side and clean it up. Be careful not to cut yourself while you're doing this and then throw that away. Okay, so now what you're going to want to do is put it on the dancer. Now remember you can take those straps if you prefer, turn them into a halter or crisscross them if they're long enough. But what you'll want to do is put them on the dancer and see will that work? Is there enough strap to do that? But if not then what you'll do is you'll put it on the dancer or whoever's wearing it. You're going to take that strap and then you're going to put it whatever spot you want. You might like exactly where it was. You're going to pin it on them down into place. So just to show you let's say we pinned it and this is where we want it to be. Let's put a needle through here. And that's where we want it to be. It's best if you pin it from the inside because it'll make it a lot easier. You won't have to unpin and repend and try and guess. So then what you're going to do is you're going to turn that to the inside. You'll want to make sure the straps are even when you pin them down. Put it on the girl pin down both straps because sometimes one strap needs to be a little tighter on someone. So once you have that into place then you're going to set up your machine. You want to make sure and stretch the top because it's going to stretch a lot when it's on the girl. Go ahead and put the machine right down with the strap in the exact spot that you want it. I'm going to go a wide zigzag but kind of short stitches so it's nice and tight. You're going to stretch that bottom, hold the strap in place, zigzag and now make sure you go back the other direction. Now something you're going to want to be careful with, like down here where I've sewn it, now when you pull up there's this gap here. You'll want to make sure go back in and top stitch it so the very top of the sports bra doesn't fold under and look funny. Make sure you use the same color thread, make sure back stitch for strength, then you'll want to trim all the threads and it's really that easy to shorten straps on your dance top. Thank you for watching our video and if you enjoyed it make sure and click here to subscribe because we're going to have some amazing DIY videos coming out and if you want to get our free, complete dance costume DIY guide click right here or go to bdancewear.com slash DIY guide and lastly if you have any questions or ideas for future videos please leave it in the comments below. Thanks again for watching our video and remember be original, be colorful, be dancewear.com