 7 Bismillahirrahmanirrahim, Assalamualaikum. Today I will teach you how to make great mutton chops. So, we will need Mutton chops, 1 kg. You can use this one for this. Cut the onion into 2 tbsp. And the green pepper 1 tbsp. Ginger garlic 1 tbsp. Fresh lemon juice 1 tbsp. Thehi 2 tbsp. Green chilli powder 1 tsp. If you don't have green chilli powder, you can use this one. Chopped onion or meat and riser. Take 1 tbsp. Red chilli powder 1 tbsp. Green chilli powder 1 tsp. And coriander powder 1 tsp. Salt, Mustard Oil 1 tsp. Garam Masala Powder And 4 tbsp. Oil And a little bit of the spices to brush the onions. And you can brush the oil too. If you brush the onions with the oil, it will be a good flavor. And you can use 1 tbsp. Orange color. You can use all the ingredients you want to mix and marinate. First, you need oil. Green chilli powder 1 tsp. Green chilli powder 1 tsp. Pisao Adrak Lassan Lemon Juice Kuta Hoa Buna Hoa Zira Kuta Hoa Buna Hoa Dhania Kutu Sourk Mich Cachery Powder Salt Garam Masala Powder Dahi And 1 tbsp. Orange color. After that, marinate the mutton chops. What do you do? MyRIE Cover and cook for 1 hour. After 1 hour, turn the flame to low and cook on low flame. After 1 hour, turn the flame to low and cook on low flame. After the rice is cooked, turn the flame to low and cook on low flame. After that, turn the rice to low and cook on low flame. After that, turn the rice to low and cook on low flame. After that, turn the rice to low and cook on low flame. After that, turn the rice to low and cook on low flame. After that, turn the rice to low and cook on low flame. When the rice is cooked well, then brush it with flour. After one side, turn the side of the rice to low flame. After turning the rice to low, turn the rice to low and cook on low flame. After turning the rice to low, turn the rice to low and cook on low flame. After turning the rice to low, turn the rice to low and cook on low flame. The rice is cooked well, now it will turn golden brown. Now, add the rice to the rice. Now, add the rice to the rice. Now, add the rice to the rice. Now, add the rice to the rice. The rice is cooked well, now it will turn golden brown. Now, add the rice to the rice. Now, add the rice to the rice. Now, add the rice to the rice. Now, add the rice to the rice. The rice is cooked well, now it will turn golden brown. Now, add the rice to the rice. Now, add the rice to the rice. Now, add the rice to the rice. Now, add the rice to the rice. Now, add the rice to the rice. Now, add the rice to the rice. Now, add the rice on high flame. Now, add the rice. I will do it. What is the answer to that? It will be a mistake. That this is fun with Allah's religion. With this I would like to thank you. I will take care of myself. I will remember God in prayer. Allah Hafiz. I will take care of myself. I will take care of myself. I will take care of myself. I will take care of myself. I will take care of myself. I will take care of myself. I will take care of myself. I will take care of myself. I will take care of myself. I will take care of myself. I will take care of myself. I will take care of myself. I will take care of myself. I will take care of myself. I will take care of myself. I will take care of myself. I will take care of myself. I will take care of myself. I will take care of myself. I will take care of myself. I will take care of myself. I will take care of myself. I will take care of myself. I will take care of myself.