 Shhhh! Happy Feet! I've got those! Happy Feet! In fact, I've got quite a few. Well, hello there my friends. Welcome back to the Scott Re project. And today it's all about the Toronto. Now I've been cutting meat for 30 years and every time I cut these off, I keep saying to myself, I'm gonna take some home and I'm gonna cook them. Now I know beloved of the Asian community and the French. So I'm thinking I'm gonna do a pig's trotter to ring. Now, as you can imagine, not a lot of meat on these, but it's all that beautiful gelatinous skin. There is a little bit of meat in there. We're gonna put it in a pot, add some aromatics, some veg, boil it down, add some lemon juice, loads of parsley, maybe get a bit of spice in there and we're gonna press it and then we're gonna fry it in the pan. Now I know it sounds grim. But bear with me on this my friends. This is one of those things where you can actually turn a pig's, well, foot into a silk purse, he says. Fingers crossed. Let's do it. Okay then, first things first, we're gonna shove all our beautiful little trotters into a big pot. I'm gonna top that up with water, bring it up to the boil, all the impurities will come out of it. I'll skim it off, change the water, fill it up with cider and then we're gonna get all our veg and aromatics in. So, I'm gonna get this on a stove. Okay then, for the poaching liquor then, we're gonna use cider, top it up with water, then we're gonna make a classic corb, weon, or as I like to call it, a corb, Brian, it's a bit more English. Now, consists of some celery, so not too fussy here. Nice big chunks, very, very simple. Couldn't be easier, this is the classic miro poire. Listen to me, which is carrots, onions and celery. Gonna add a good base to that poaching liquor. And what I like about this is you can use up all the odds and ends out your fridge, all the old carrots. I've got some half onions yet. Just gonna take the skin off. You have it if you don't want to, don't be too fussy. And then just in half. And of course, we're gonna add some spices, some aromats, I'm thinking, some peppercorns, some juniper berries, we'll add some fresh thyme. I've got some parsley, which is going in the final dish, but I will use the stalks of that. Then I'm gonna get some garlic in there, some salt, and some pepper, and also some leaf. So, I'm gonna quarter these. Store it in this incredibly camp tray. Camper than a row of tents. Just get that in there. So already you're giving those trotters a really good head start. Put those leaves in. Then a leak. Very simple, nice big chunks. I'll give that a wash, get any dirt out of. But already, you know, the flavours we're building up is awesome. One clove of garlic in half. That will go in. Then we're gonna add, I don't know, three or four cloves, not too many, because it's super, super strong. What about 10 juniper berries? And then, I don't know, 10 or 12 peppercorns. Now, if you've got a bay leaf, which I haven't, you can put that in two. So, I've got my parsley. I'm gonna put in the stalks actually in the corb, we're on, the actual parsley will go into the finished dish. And then a couple of sprigs of thyme. And thyme hasn't been kind to these. They're looking very saly for their sails. Beautiful. Corb, Brian, what you got there? It's a corb, we are. So, they've been in the pan then. This is that cleansing boil. As you can see, look how attractive that stuff is on top. So, I'm just gonna skin that off. I don't even know what that is. I imagine, can geoblude an all matter of funk. So, when I get that off, then I am going to strain these, clean the pot out, trotters back in, and then we will build the core we are. So, my pan is clean in with the trotters, in with the rough rider, the cider, get some cider inside of it. Oh, aren't you beauty? Top it up with water, juniper berries, cloves and peppercorns, our parsley, our thyme, our garlic, and then the rest of the corb, we are, the mirrored poise, in we go. I mean, how we invited does that look? I'd actually get in there and have a bath. Okay, then, so, we want to bring that up to the boil. I have to take a bit out of there. So, we're gonna bring it up to the boil, we're gonna turn it down and simmer it for about three or four hours until all that skin and what little meat there is starts falling off the bone. So, after three hours then, they look a bit. Like this, as you can see, it's almost falling off the bone. Now, like I said, these have been three hours, you can take them longer, four or five hours, but I want them to retain a bit of integrity, but you can see how easy it falls off the bone. So, what I'm gonna do, I am gonna retrieve my trotters, and I'm gonna take about 500 mill of that stock and reduce it with a lid off on a high heat, and obviously, all of the natural gelatin in these trotters will make a fantastic pig glue. And then, when these are cool enough to handle, we will take off the meat and the skin, we will chop it up, and we will get it into the press. So, like I said, I'm gonna take some of this beautiful poaching liquor. I said about 500 mill, I might just put a liter, it's better to have. Too much, then not enough, and I will give that a little siv in to get any bits out. I'm thinking maybe put some of the carrots through the mould as well. I'm not sure yet, I think it would look good that little bit of colour. Then again, I might leave it, oh, natural. That's art. So, that's what we're gonna stick our terrain together with then. So, lid off, as you can see, high heat, and we wanna reduce that by about half. It'll become nice and sticky. It's already a little bit sticky now, but reducing it will make it stronger. Okay, so not the most attractive looking things. Look at the carrot. It tastes amazing. So, what we wanna do then is pull out the bones and get all that lovely skin and what little meat is in it. So, I just get a bowl. You wanna do this as soon as you can comfortably handle it, because we want it warm while we put it in the press. But be careful, it is very hot. Okay, hands up if you're still not convinced. It's gonna be perfect. So, we've got our meat, our trotters, just gonna give it a little more check over. You've got a few stray hairs. Just get rid of them, make sure there's no bone left in it. Just nice, size pieces. And this is what I mean when I said I'm just gonna wanna take these too far. We wanna keep their integrity. We wanna keep them into some decent sized chunks. So, I'm just going through. Gelatimus porky. I mean this is proper nose to tail using everything bar the squeal. And obviously in Ireland they love these, they call them crew beans. Oh, excuse my Irish air. Crew beans, I think that's how you say it. And it's basically just boiled pig trotters, then rolled in breadcrumbs. So, we're just refining that a little. So, into our mix, a little bit of lemon juice. We wanna get some pepper in there. Do not be scared to over season, because if you're gonna eat this cold, the seasoning will mellow out. Give it a good mix. Give it a taste. I mean it's lovely. A little bit more salt. Get in some chopped parsley. A bit more. Starting to look a little bit better. Get those stalks out. You can see that stock is reduced by half. So, I'm gonna get some of that in. Just enough to coat it. And that should be enough to glue this bad boy together. Do you know what? I think I will just put some of this carrot through. Really, if you've got a bit more time, just get it. Nice, nice. My terrain or mold gets ammet. Make sure we got a good ratio of leg meat and the carrots. You know, we have some showing it the sides. Press it down. Just gonna add another spot of the pig glue. Get a bit of shake. Now, air bubbles, and it goes right down to the bottom. Stand it on a plate. Get the top on it. A bit of Heath Robinson. We'll get that on there. Just a matter of if you get a little bit of spillage of the liquor. Get that on. Let me now slipy. Get that on. Proper push it down. In the fridge. Okay then, so my favourite part. The unveiling. Let's have a look at it. Now, I've just run this under the tap for ease of extraction. Have a look. Have a look at that. A million miles away from what we started with. Absolutely superb. Gently cut it into rounds. What a very square. Oh, look at that. Some dodgy cut. It's a knife. It's got a proper bloody knife on the job. Well, I'm very impressed with that. Even if I may say so myself. What would I have done different? Chop the parsley finer. But not bad. Not bad at all. So into a little bit of flour, a little bit of egg, and then bread crumbs. And then fry. Toil golden. Okay then, a quick fry off. Now, be very, very careful when you're frying it off. You don't want it to fall apart. That is so, so nice. Well, there you have it. Proper nose to tail. And a million miles away from what we started with. Just have a look at it. Absolutely stunning. And if you've liked what you're seeing today on the SRP, do click subscribe. If you haven't already, where my face comes up down here. Also, find me on my social media on Facebook. Two pages, Scott Re and the Scott Re project. Also on my Twitter, Scott Re project. And if you want to share the love, do check out my Patreon page. My link will be in the description. So until next time, this is going to take some beating. This is what you call, butchery, sharkootery, nose to tail. Oh, just get it down, my neck. All the best, my friends, take care. Hmm.