 ! Hello everybody! My name is Agi and today I want to show you how to work red rice paper on glass. I will be using glass flower vase. Just make sure you wash it first with soap and water to remove dust and grease. Now we need to mix two parts of PVA glue with one part of water. I have got this beautiful rice paper with pink roses. Remember to tear paper with fingers not to cut it with scissors. Cover glass with glue and position your picture in the middle then start covering the image with PVA medium. Make sure there are no air bubbles under the paper. Wait until everything is dry. Now we need some plain rice paper to cover the glass around pictures. Once again use your fingers to tear up the paper. Then start gluing it piece by piece. Always check that there are no air bubbles under the paper. Around the edge line you need to leave your paper a little bit longer. We can sort this out once everything is dry. I would suggest to spend some more money on good quality brush. This will make your life much easier. As you can see my brush seemed better days but it is still my favorite one. I am adding another picture on the other side of my flower vase. If you decide to do the same glue your pictures first. Wait until they are dry then do the rest of gluing. When mixing PVA with water don't make it too thin as this will cause air bubbles under the paper. Too thick will not soak the paper properly. And this is how my vase looks dry. Now we need to remove excess paper around the edge. In order to do so I am using sandpaper but very sharp knife will do the job as well. It is possible that you didn't cover your glass with paper as well as you expected and there are still some spots missing. This would be a good time to add more paper to cover all the holes. Also double check the edge and make sure everything is glued properly. If not just stick it back with glue. To be honest this flower vase could be left like this with only varnishing to do but I have decided to add some more details to it. In order to do so I am mixing acrylic paint to get similar colors to the one on leaves of my roses. For painting I am using small round decoupage sponge. If you don't have one use kitchen sponge. Just cut it with scissors into smaller pieces. Excess paint tap on to kitchen towel and gently paint around the edge. If you are afraid that you might ruin your project try on an old glass jar or mag first. Something you can throw away or wash it easily. I am painting bottom as well. Now leave it to dry for one hour or so. Well you can only varnish your vase or you can do what I did and that would be adding a little extra. Just paint your images little bit with similar colors so they can look like hand painted. This will make a huge difference to the pictures. It is very easy to work with dry paper because it's very thin and very strong comparing to napkins. Also it would be extremely difficult to do wrinkles with it and that makes it perfect for beginners. When everything is dry just add several coats of varnish in my case glass gloss finish but you can use satin varnish as well. At the very end I have decided to add some liquid pearls. You can use them on anything. Glass wood fabric and voila my flower vase is ready. Good luck with your project. Thank you for watching and please subscribe to my channel. I will have another tutorial for you very soon. Bye bye