 this time and I'll just show you what I do with the cover. Okay so our garden's doing really well and this is going to first go for of the year. He's made it to right here. I haven't had any problems lately. I think the dogs and us just being out in the garden more have kept them away but this guy's getting a little close and it's the only mound he has. The other ones are over in the shade over by the chicken coops and then there's some over here in the the wood pile so he could already be down here in the garden. His days are going to be numbered so fixing to get rid of this gofer and I just wanted to go through again. I did find a few tips that people had left in the comments on the original one that actually seemed to work pretty well and that's to not leave the hole open to go ahead and put something over it. So I've just been using this mat. It's an old door mat, welcome door mats, kind of heavy so it doesn't blow away and once I set the trap I'll just lay it over the top. So I'm also using wire. I prefer string because it's more flexible but I can't find any only thing I have right now is some of that juke string which breaks really easy so I don't want to use that but I want to get another roll. I'll replace the wire. I just don't like the wire because it's part of the feed and the hole and stuff and it just makes it, I don't know, there's just not as good as the string so but that's what I got today and I'm going to set that trap. And then remember you just flip that up through, push down and hold it there and then you can I'm just, look at this is a new one. I'm going to use this guy yet so the paint like I said, the paint gets messed up on him. Sparely clip it on the end right there and then hold this down and adjust it to every house sensitive you want by pushing it way in or we're right at the tip and see this is already hitting against my leg so like I said that's why I like the string better. I almost turned and set it off in there. So I don't know if you can see it in there or not because of the sunlight but since I'm going to cover it I'm not going to leave the camera run this time and I'll just show you what I do with the cover. Again this is why the string would be better because then the wire would be out of the way. Oh see I don't like wire just thing it says why I do not like to use the wire because the string is just more supple and it you know works better just works much better. Okay there you go, I can just leave that one there. I'll come back and check it in a little bit. Okay let's check it out. It's only been about 30 minutes though and it does look like the trap is set off. And we have a go for. See that trick works pretty good. Just cover the hole that way. I don't know somebody on there said that they're not pushing the sand up to try and fill the hole if you cover it it's dark they're just running around so that makes it work even better. So next time for one I don't like the wire so use a string how get that replaced just makes it easier to set because it's more flexible you know and it falls it doesn't twist. This one was wanting to twist in the hole like that every time I'd adjusted over here to tie it down so cover it with some kind of matte rock board whatever you can. I like this it's just extra it's kind of heavy and floppy so it seems to cover real well and that's uh improvement on the trap. You just got to protect that goodness. Lots of tomatoes, lots of cucumbers, lots of squash everything good good this year so just like I said as long as they stay on that perimeter out there all the way over there now then that side don't come up in here by the garden they'll be good. So but that's what he was doing he was getting kind of close and uh this fresh mound popped up there last night um I couldn't find the hole in that first one and so I went ahead and there was another mound that popped up just I guess within a couple of hours I we went somewhere and came back and this mound was here so went ahead and put him there and dug the hole it was really easy to find it was right there at the edge this time so anyway that's improvement on the go for trap and that's how you know can't really call it fishing now because I got this wire but basically I just dump them back in here and uh you know they'll become fertilizer so if you don't do that then the dogs and stuff will dig them up and I'll just push them back down in the hole and bury it back down and let the ants and everything else have a feast and level everything off and hopefully you won't have to deal with another gopher for a while. Like I said that's the first one I've gotten um probably been a couple months so I don't have to with all the activity that we do outside and stuff they don't come around very often um I think it's just more you know they stay out in the back and over in the neighbors and stuff that's not outside very much so get your outside roaming around making a lot of noise and all of that and I think it keeps them out of the yard. Well this must be gopher day and we got back from church um I got that one earlier today and then there's these mounds when we got back and then there's one right up there so I guess I'll just show you I guess it's because we've had some rain lately making them drown nice and soft and you know I don't know um just carrying them up here or something or like I said it's been a while since I chased any or anything so now we just got rain while we were at church so on this one as you can see those are probably the plugs um you know where he probably has tunnels going his direction and then they put those plugs and they push that dirt up to kind of plug the hole and anyway after the rain you can see it's all you know pelleted with the rain and those of sunk in and stuff so best thing to do right now is just to smash all your holes down and wait for the new one to pop up and then you'll know where he's where he's at nine so nine just since I don't know one o'clock or so there wasn't any out here earlier today well I just got the one you know by the garden but I just thought I'd throw this in there since I haven't edited the video yet oh ten here's the other one but yeah best thing to do um you know when you come across them like this and it's been raining and whatever I could poke on these and try to find the hole but um he might have moved so I'm just gonna wait uh letting dig a new one and probably by morning I'll know where he's at so thanks for watching and we'll catch you in the next video next