 Hey y'all, I'm Lindsay. I have a blog repurposing upcycle where I share DIY home projects, crafts, and today I'm working on painting lemon accabins. I wanted to share you a few things that I've learned. I'm going to turn it around. So this is where we started. This is the color that I wanted to get rid of. There are lemon accabins. And one thing, lemon accabins are actually, most of them today are actually melamine. And melamine is a form of plastic. And that kind of explains why it might be kind of difficult to paint lemon accabins if you're doing it the wrong way. So as you can see, I've already painted my top cabinets and this is the color I'm going for. Let me show you a few things I've been doing today. So with the first coat, well, let me back up. The first time I ever painted any cabinets, I kind of freaked out because you see that? It was afraid I had ruined my cabinets because that's what it looked like. But if you keep applying paint, you see this is the second coat. Let me show you. And then this, this is the third coat. So eventually, if you keep adding coats, it starts to stick. And eventually, looks pretty good. So as far as technique, let me show you something else. Sorry for the mess in my cabinets. Okay, so as far as technique goes, the first thing I did was remove the doors and the drawers. And once I removed the hardware, I wiped it down real good. I just used Wysaw wipes and then I used a lint free cloth. That's really important because you don't want any little specs or anything on there when you're going to spray and repaint them. Some people use a degrazer and that's really good. If there's a lot of like dirt and grime on your cabinets, that's really important. The second step is, well, let me talk about the second step. With these cabinets, I primed. Somebody had told me and I had read on a few blogs that if you're going from the brown to the white, it's best to use a gray primer. So I used the gray primer and honestly, I felt like it was just as much work to do the primer and then the paint rather than just paint. So I used, look, on these cabinets, I used two or three coats of primer and then I had to do at least two to two and a half coats of white paint just to cover up the gray primer. So if I could do it again, I definitely would have gone straight to the paint or I would have used a white primer. So second step, primer, if you choose to use primer, if you're going from really dark to light, you might want to do that with these cabinets since I was just not going quite white, just a light gray. I decided, you know what, I'm just going to try to straight up paint. So I'm using three to four coats of paint and two to three coats of top coat. And one important thing that I've found really helpful is with your third or fourth coat, whichever you, whichever one you plan to be your last, I always use a foam brush. The foam brush really minimizes the brush strokes and I feel like it really gives it that smooth look. I feel like this looks pretty smooth like this. Oh, and one important thing. After you've painted, make sure you go back and wipe up any little droplet. Drows me crazy. Once it's dried, there's really nothing you can do. So make sure you go back and clean it up. So for the final step, in my opinion, the most important step is the top coat. I have found this general finishes high performance water-based top coat to be really, really, really successful. Personally, when I've done like the polyurethanes or some of the other top coats, they tended yellow. And especially when I was doing the white, I did not want any kind of yellowing because it just wouldn't look right. And I've had a lot, a lot, a lot of success with this one. I love it. I've used it on furniture, I've used it on a lot of stuff. And once again, it's the general finishes high performance top coat. And for my paint, I used the general finishes milk paint in, it's one of their bright whites for this. And for this, I decided not to go with the with the milk paint mainly because I couldn't find the shaded gray that I wanted. So I started looking at other grays and I decided to go with, it's actually a Benjamin Moore gray, but I had I had this hardware mix it. This is our cabinet door and trim paint. And by the way, all of this is water-based. And I like to use a water-based because personally I can't stand the smell of the oil-based. Some people really swear about it oil-based and say it's the only way to go when you're painting cabinets. But for me, I've had a lot of luck with these water-based paints and I don't think I'd do it any other way. Oh, and one more thing, I know with my island, I used the primer. And I decided not to use the primer on my, on the rest of my cabinets. So far, I've been pretty pleased. I'm hoping I'm not gonna regret that choice. But so far, it's gone really well. I am gonna have to use more top coat just to make sure you don't scratch down to that bottom level back to the regular color of the cabinets. I think that's about it for all my tips and tricks for painting cabinets. If you want more details, go to my blog. It's repurposingupcycle.com. Thank you.