 Personally you couldn't pay me to drink this stuff. I'm not looking forward to this. If you knew what this stuff does to your insides, maybe, or maybe not, you would drink it. I'm going to show you something today which will blow your mind. Here's an egg from Marathon 70 Pents they are. Let's put it in this uncooked, let's put it in this cut glass and we're going to now we're going to fill it with coke. Now you see the coke is reacting with the egg shell and we're going to come back some hours later and show you what is at them to the egg. It's been 26 hours later excuse the hands they've done a bit of gardening, been gardening all day long and I've got the early hands but I've just had to come in and show you the results of this. Look at this, close up on the egg. It's all like kind of squidgy. So let's put it on. There we go. Well look at the oh god, look at that egg. Let's wash it under the tap. Well that, my friends. That my friends is an egg. This is an egg which has been soaked in Coca Cola. Oh this is cheap coke though but it's the same stuff really. This egg has been soaked in that coke for 24, 25, 26 hours and the shell has completely disappeared and I'm guessing that that is the shell, what's left of it. That's what's left of the shell. I can only imagine that this stuff is what this coke has done to that egg is doing to your bones. Your bones are slowly being disintegrated. And the only thing left for me to do now is to bite into the egg. So here it goes. Look at this, it's a bit out of the side. Look at that egg. It's quite amazing, that is quite amazing. That is an egg without the shell. I'm not looking forward to this. That is an egg. Look at that. Wow. That must be, I don't know what that is, it's obviously what's under the shell, the inside of the shell, look at that. Wow. And that's the egg. A real egg. Coke flavored. Well there you have it. There you have it everyone. So this coke is dissolving your bones. What are you going to do now? Are you going to still treat this coke or are you not going to treat this coke? Who knows, it's up to you to your choice what you make in life. But personally, I wouldn't drink this. You couldn't play me to do this now. After me seeing what has happened to that egg for 24 hours. There you go. Close up my most two plates there. Well, it's showing that one dish with a coke and there's the membrane of the egg with the egg. Unbelievable. Well, it's Stevie Jack O signing out and I will see you next time when I dissolve a whole cow.