 Hi, I'm farm disabled chef Tekka Thompson at Tekka Thompson.com and today we're talking about how to plant apple seeds in a pot. So this is a long process and you want to take some things into consideration. No matter how tasty the apple is that it came from, it's very likely that the tree, if it ever produces apples, will not produce apples that taste it all like it. That's because apples are cross-bred. So the tree that you're doing is going to be kind of different and a little difficult in a long process. It's fun, so really fun to do. Also something you want to consider is that this tree is going to be a lot bigger than normal apple trees. And that's because normal apple trees are grafted to what is called dwarf root, keeping them a small size. So we're just going to take a normal apple today and we're just going to core it. I'm going to set the slices to the side and just take the core. So we're after the seeds today. It's just going to take a paring knife and you can work gently and watching your hands please into getting those seeds right out. Just want to take them out of the center here. They're definitely well protected in this meat. Okay. So once you've got your apples seeds, you're going to place them in a paper towel in the fridge. And this is going to be a process that's kind of mimic the outdoor temperatures of when it would be dormant and then want to go into sprouting and germinating. So we're going to take it and put it in the paper towel. I'm going to spray the paper towel with water, keeping the apples seeds protected and moist in between the two layers. Just like so. So you want to keep this really moist and check it for moisture often. But the actual germination takes about two to three months. You want to be patient on that. So once the pips are apple seeds and interchangeable words meaning seeds of an apple are germinated and they sprout about the size of the apple seed. You want to place them into the pot of all purpose potting soil. So you'll do all purpose potting soil in a really well drained pot. And this will allow the seed to grow in Germany and to grow in the sapling to become of a size that's not going to be trampled on by dogs or children and it's not going to be mistook for a weed and pulled out before it has a chance to settle itself. So once the saplings big enough, you can transplant it into your orchard or around your house. Take into consideration that this is going to be about a 20 to 30 foot tree with lots of foliage and very bushy and big. So you want to make sure to give it a big spot if you take it all the way to being a full matured tree. Today we are talking about planting apple seeds and pots. I'm farmtotable chef, Tekka Thompson at Tekka Thompson.com. Thank you for watching.