 I love hearty breakfast like this one that are filling and very easy to put together. And this recipe takes a regular bowl of oatmeal with blueberries up and notch, so check it out. So you decided to stick around and see how this recipe is made, huh? Well, I promise you that this recipe won't disappoint your breakfast. If you're wondering what the difference between a regular bowl of cooked oatmeal and this recipe might be, I feel like this baked version absorbs much of the moisture of the oatmeal and the, oh, they just have a different texture. It just feels like I'm eating a warm bowl of oatmeal cake, but healthier. Oh, more. Plus, who doesn't want to start their morning with something fresh out of the oven, right? So in a large bowl, we're going to combine the honey, milk, egg, melted butter and vanilla extract. Now let's add the oats, baking powder, and salt to the large bowl and give everything a good mix. You can use fresh or frozen blueberries for this recipe, even strawberries or raspberries, whatever you have around it. You're just going to want to fold these in a little. And now they're folded in. You just want to pour the oatmeal mixture into a baking dish. I like to take a spatula and make sure that the oats and the blueberries are distributed evenly, so no one misses out on anything. In the oven, it goes for about 35 minutes until the top is golden and the oat mixture is set. Once the baked oatmeal is ready, remove it from the oven. And what's awesome about this recipe is that you don't have to wait for it to cool off. You serve it hot right out of the oven. So let's add some into a bowl and you want to make it even more delicious. You can top it with a little drizzle of milk or even a bit of yogurt for added protein. The blueberries get baked running to the oatmeal, so it's not like an afterthought. This is super hearty, delicious, and just the kind of thing I want to treat myself with in the morning. And you know what? Some mornings I can start in the oven and go get myself and the kids ready. Then I take a thermos and pack some of it in here. And the kids, they just eat it in the car, warm, and I bring it to the office and it's still hot. For the recipe and measurements, check the description box right below this video. And while you're down there, click the subscribe button because I love to send you a new video every single week. See you next time.