 Clean your tires properly requires more than just using car wash soap and then rinsing it down. Today I want to show you the proper way to clean your tires to give it that nice, new, natural, darkened look. Now, although you may be sitting there thinking to yourself, do I really need a specific tire cleaner? Well, if you're an auto-detailer, we highly recommend it, but even if you're a car enthusiast, there's a few reasons why this type of product can come in handy. Now, our Tire and Whitewall Cleaner is super concentrated, making it aggressive enough to really break down any of that gunk that gets stuck to the rubber of your tire. Not to mention can safely and really help you clean any of those white walls or white letters. One ingredient that really makes this product unique is that it actually contains darkening agents that really help to bring out that dark, rich color of the rubber. This can also help with assisting when doing your tire dressing and allows the tire dressing to set up properly, giving you a nice shine and helps it to last even longer. Now, the first thing we want to do here is not just rinse down the tire, but as well as some of the surrounding areas, like the wheel, wheel well, as well as the body of the vehicle here. Now that we've thoroughly rinsed down the surrounding areas as well as the tire, we can go ahead and take our tire and white wall and spray and even mist all on the tire. Now, what we want to do is we want to allow the product to set up for about 30 seconds. This is really going to help to break down any of that gunk or dirt. That is just stuck onto the rubber of the tire here. I mean, as you can already see, just by applying it on within a few seconds here, it's already turning brown, so it's showing that the product is activating, pouring off any of that dirt. So now we've allowed the product to set up for about 30 seconds or so. We can go ahead and take our brush, dip it in bucket of water, and then begin with the scrubbing process. So, seeing all these brown studs just like this is exactly what you want to see when using this product. Again, that's showing that it's activated and it's really breaking down everything that is just on the rubber of this tire. Now, we've scrubbed it, we can go ahead and rinse it right down. So, as you guys can see, it's honestly just as simple and easy as that with just a little bit of product, a little bit of scrubbing, and then a simple rinse, we were able to really bring back that dark, rich color to the rubber of this tire once again. So, if this video is helpful, make sure you definitely give it a thumbs up, subscribe to our channel for more products and how-to videos, and to order your very own Tyron White Wall Cleaner, make sure you've businessadetailking.com where we have everything you need to keep your car clean like a detailed wall-kink. We'll see you guys next time.