 Hi everybody, so I'm going to do an impromptu of how to clean your vent for what is it called? You know where you cook or whatever, where your stove is, the vent that's up under there, you know how it gets real dirty and whatnot. So when we moved in here, the thing was filthy. So I'm about to go through the process of cleaning it. So the first thing you want to do is you want to bring a pot of water to a boil. Now normally I would use this big old pot right here, but you cannot, I repeat, you cannot use a nonstick pan when you do this. You don't want to do it because when you got all that grease and gunk and wet not on there and it's on your nonstick, oh child, no baby, no. Got me one of my dutchy pots right now about to come to a boil and the reason I'm using this is because I can use bleach on this one and get it really, really clean versus with a nonstick is a little bit more difficult. Grab you some handy dandy baking soda and I use this for making my laundry and stuff whatever you see it's almost gone. But I got this at Sam's Club. Now my water is at a rolling boil and I have it on high if you guys are wondering. But this is what it looks like right now and then I have my baking soda right here that I'm going to drop in and when you drop it in it's going to freeze. So don't be alarmed. This is a cup but I might have to add a little bit more. But you see how it's business. That's the way you want it to be. But you don't want it to go over your pot because then that will be bad. I'm going to grab it and I'm using some tongs and you want to just lay it in there and you see how all the grunk and stuff is coming off of it. That's what you want it to do. And you just want to lay it in there watching the time or whatever. I normally leave it in here for like a minute on one side and then I turn it the other direction. You see how disgusting it is. This is after the first round I've got to do two rounds. Normally I will do three just to be on the safe side but today I'm only going to do two rounds and you see the ring. That's all the grunk that was on the, here it is right now. You see how this section is clean and then over here is clean and then all this in the middle is not clean. So we're going to go through again and do it again. But you do this. Make sure you don't pour the leftover water and wet not the dirty water. You don't want to pour that down the drain. And the reason why is because think about it. It's been sitting up there collecting and just you know what I mean. And then for you to pour it down the drain you're going to mess around and have to get a plumber because it's not a good look when your, when your drains end up getting all clogged and wet not because of the grease. I'm telling you don't do it.