 Hey everyone, I'm your girl ShaVZ and on today's episode of May to order a la ordain, we are making rabo incendio which I also like to call stewed oxhels. Now listen, I love this dish and apparently you guys do too because aside from one other recipe, this right here is my number one most requested video. Now I will tell you this, do not make the same mistake that I'm about to make right now which is making this dish when you're already hungry and that's because this dish takes a really really really I cannot stress that long time to make and it's one of those dishes that you definitely don't want to rush. In fact, patience is highly rewarded when it comes to this dish because what you end up with is a really juicy, really succulent fall off the bone meat that it's just to die for and all you really need to eat it with is some white rice and maybe even some d'ostones. Now for my newbie cooks, please do not be afraid of making this dish. I know oxhels can be a little daunting but if you just take your time and again have patience that is the name of the game today, you will also be highly rewarded and you will not regret making this. Let's go ahead and jump right into this recipe. We're going to start off by seasoning the oxhels with some of my favorite ingredients like some fresh onions, some green peppers, a handful of garlic, a tiny bit of cumin, some addolvo, some sopita which you guys know is also a chicken bouillon cube, some Dominican oregano or regular oregano, some sassong and we're also going to squeeze some fresh lines which I always think is a must whenever you are seasoning some meat, we're also going to add some freshly created black pepper and a tiny bit of olive oil at the very end. Now there's a few things you need to know whenever you're seasoning some oxhels and that's number one, don't be shy to really season it and kind of go ham and you also really want to let it marinate for a few hours. At the very minimum I recommend marinating them for about four hours but you can definitely marinate them overnight or even up to two days which is honestly what I like to do whenever I'm making some oxhels. So once your oxhels are nice and marinated we're now going to heat up a pot really, really hot and then we're going to add some oil, making sure the oil also gets really hot and we're going to add the oxhels. Now Harawa is characterized by that super dark deep rich brown color and we build the color by browning our oxhels and braising them on high heat which is exactly what we're doing right now. Now you can definitely caramelize a little bit of sugar in order to help build that color as well. So once our oxhels are nice and brown or at least starting to get brown we're going to add some water into the same bowl where they were marinating and we're going to add them to the oxhels because we're now going to begin to braise it which is going to continue building that color and extracting all those awesome flavors that we use to marinate the meat. So we're going to give that a quick stir and once that sauce begins to simmer after about five to ten minutes the oxhels are actually going to look as though they're done but trust me they're not. And we're going to add just a tiny bit of tomato paste which is going to do the most awesome thing to the sauce. It's going to slightly thicken the sauce and it's also going to make the sauce super delicious and it's also going to pay off at the very very end. So once that's all mixed in we're now going to add a ton of water. You want to add enough water so that the oxhels are completely covered in that water and we're also going to add some fresh haricot. Now we're going to stew the rabble for about two hours and you want to keep an eye on it making sure to add more and more water as the water begins to dry up and if possible you might even have to skin some extra fat off the top depending if your oxhels are a little on the fat of your side. We're then going to add some hot pepper and you can use whatever hot pepper you like and make it as spicy as you like. I love using a Jamaican scotchibana pepper whenever I'm making some halibut. I add a little bit of water because even though it's been stewing for two hours we're also going to stew it for an additional 30 minutes and after those 30 minutes we're going to take out the hot pepper and we're going to let the sauce thicken for like about another five minutes and once your harabot is all nice and done we're now going to add the final and the finishing touches which is one of my favorite parts. We're going to add a dash of vinegar into some onions and some peppers and we're going to add it right into the oxhels. Now everybody is different. I love keeping my onions and peppers a little bit on the crunchy side so I only cook it for like an additional two more minutes and let this steam to the rest of the work but feel free to cook them until they get soft. So there you guys have it my recipe for some harawa instant deal. I hope you enjoyed this oxhels recipe. Be sure to visit my website, follow me on social media and I'll see you next week with an on you video. We'll see you guys when they tell you that there's oxhels for dinner. Tell me you don't act the fool. Like I'm acting the fool right now and I can't because I'm supposed to like you know hey guys, welcome to the channel but no it's freaking oxhels today.