 Hello and welcome to the order of cooking. Today we are going to make vegetables and tofu and brown sauce. This recipe is very simple to make. It takes less than five minutes to cook and it's very healthy. Good for vegetarians and people who are on a diet like yours truly here. Gotta maintain that nice sexy body, right? For vegetarians in the brown sauce, replace the worsted sauce with the worsted sauce from street-talking mushrooms and the chicken stock with vegetable stock. Let's get cooking, here I have 9 oz or 256 grams of tomato. Cut the tomato in half, cut off the stem end, cut the tomato into wedges, then cut the wedges into halves. Peel off the skin of the cucumber with a peeler. You can peel the whole skin off or leave some on. It's up to you. Cut off the ends. Cut the cucumbers in half. Then cut the cucumber out of the diagonal. I'm only going to use half of a cucumber, 3.9 oz or 110 grams. Cut the green peppers in half and remove the stems and the seeds. Here I only have 3.2 oz or 90.7 grams. Cut the green pepper in halves, then cut it into quarters. Here I only have half of Spanish onions. 2.6 oz or 73.48 grams. Cut the onions into quarters. Here I have 1.4 oz or 567 grams of silken tofu. Remove excess water from the tofu. Low-bill of zub water is fine. Cut the tofu into block sizes. You can serve the tofu cold or hot if you would like your tofu hot microwave it for 30 seconds to a minute. Put the tofu on a plate. Now let's make the slurry thickener. I know, cut adding 1 tablespoon of potato starch and 1 tablespoon of water and stir. Now let's get cooking. Then a pan or a wok turn your heat to medium low and add in 3 fourth cup one hundred and 78 millilitre of brown sauce. Add in the pepper and the onion. Cook for one minute thirty seconds to two minute at medium low heat. We are extracting the flavor from them into the sauce and we want the peppers and onions to be partially cooked. After the pepper and onions are partially cooked add in the potatoes slurry. Then add in the tomatoes and the cucumber. Mix all the ingredients together and continue to cook for about 30 seconds or so. Lastly add in half a teaspoon of sesame oil and mix. The sauce will be thick but don't worry to juice from the vegetable within an hour later. Now pour the vegetables and the sauce on top of the tofu and garnish with some chopped green onions. Thank you for watching. Make sure to hit the like button and subscribe and leave a comment below.