 I'm Jilli with One Good Thing by Jilli and today we're talking about something that I consider to be pretty amazing. It's the simple bottle of original dawn dish soap and you will be amazed at the number of things it can do. I was recently asked to be on a local talk show and talk about some of the most popular solutions, homemade cleaning solutions that I had made on the website and it occurred to me that many of them contain this ingredient. So I went through and did some research and it's extraordinary. The number of things this dish show can do. We're going to highlight just a few of them today in this video but you can go to the website to get the entire list. First off, a simple thing you can do is fill a spray bottle with water and a couple of drops of dish soap, dawn dish soap, spray for insects on your house plants, apids, spider mites, just spray your plants and it'll take care of it. Another thing you can take the same bottle and if you're having a triple of ants, spray your countertops, spray any time you see one on the floor or a trail on the floor in the cracks and then wipe it off. It leaves just enough residue that ants hate. It's not going to harm pets or kids but the ants don't like it. So good suggestion for ants. Another thing that I think is great to use this for is to, as a homemade ice pack and you literally just fill a zip baggy with the dish soap partially and then you freeze it. And then when you use it, it conforms to any alley that you might have. You can re-freeze it over and over and it stays a lot colder than just regular water, colder longer. So that's a really good one. Another thing it's great for is your manicure. You might have, if you're as old as me, you've seen that old commercial where the manicure has her client soaking in it. It actually does make your cuticle soft and easier to work with and to push back and it also removes any natural oils that are on your fingers and makes your nail polish of here. And finally, I love this trick because now that I have to wear reading glasses, which is annoying but I have to, it's a great defogger. So you just put one drop on a clean cloth and you wipe it on to glasses. You're not going to notice it but the next time you open the dishwasher and all that steam comes up, it won't fog your glasses because it'll keep them from fogging it. Oh, last one. This is great. If you have a greasy stain on your pants, you drop saladressing from your knitter, you just cake a little bit, I don't know, a squirt or two on the stain on your pants, your skirt whatever it is and rub it in with an old toothbrush, wanders usual and it will cut through almost every greasy stain that you can come across. And finally, I like to say, you know what would be the ultimate hostess gift? A nice big bottle of original dawn. Go to the website, print out the entire list of all the uses for this great stuff and hand it to your hostess. She will love you forever. So like I said, there's lots more tips and tricks about using dawn on the website. So go there to get the entire list at onegoodthingbyjali.com.