 I'm going to be cooking up some beef today so I've got a joint of beef there and we're just going to roast it up in the oven. Now I'm going to keep it really really simple because all we're going to do is just season the outside with salt and freshly ground black pepper. So I'm going to get on with seasoning the beef. I'm literally going to put some salt and freshly ground black pepper. Put plenty of it on and what I'm going to do is turn it over and also on the sides as well and we're just going to get it all lovely and seasoned all over. Okay, just do the sides. For the last bit I'll just wrap it in on the plate there. So now I've got it all seasoned, I'm just going to transfer it into a fairly small-ish sort of baking tray. Now what I'm going to do is I am going to add just a little bit of oil. If you had a piece of meat, a piece of beef that's got a lot of fat on the outside, you probably wouldn't need to add any oil at all. I'm just going to add just a little bit in the bottom there and I'm very much. That's it. Also in the pan, I'm just going to add, I've got one on you know, I've kind of chopped up. I think that just helps to add a little bit of flavour and I'm also going to add once it starts cooking some water to the bottom of the pan. Now the next thing you've got to kind of decide for yourself is how you want your beef cooked because you can have it sort of rare or medium or well done or somewhere between those. And that will really determine how long you cook it for. Now I'm going to go for about a medium. Now the first thing we need to establish is how much this piece of beef weighs. Now my piece here weighs 1.5 kilograms. Now the formula I use for when cooking beef is for every half a kilo you cook for either 20 minutes if you want you meet rare or 25 minutes for medium or 30 minutes. Then on top of that you add either an extra 20 or 25 or 30 minutes. Therefore if you wanted to cook you know the piece of beef I've got here which is 1.5 kilos and you wanted it to rare you would only cook it for 80 minutes. If you wanted it to medium like I'm going to be cooking then you do it for 100 minutes and if you like you meet well done you'll be able to cook it for about 30 minutes. So as I say I'm going to be cooking mine to medium since 100 minutes which is 1 hour and 40 minutes. So now I know we're going to be cooking it for 1 hour 40 minutes. I'm going to put the time wrong because the reason I'm going to do that is because there's only about 20 minutes either side of the meat being rare or being well done. So it's quite important that you kind of you know do follow the amount that's behind me cooking for. Now what I'm going to do is put it into the preheated oven, temperature wise, 180 degrees Celsius, 350 Fahrenheit which is gas mark 4. Now after about 5 or 10 minutes I'm just going to pop some water in the bottom of the pan. So I've been cooking that for just 10 minutes at a moment. Now I'm just going to pour it out a little bit really just a bit of water in there. So just pop a little bit of water in there. I've actually taken this water straight from the kettle actually. You know it's not really pung if you want but it's better than putting cold water in there. So now I've got all the meat in there and it's got that water in there. I'm going to leave it and every now and again I'm going to base in it. You know put all those juices over the meat itself just to kind of keep those flavours flowing if you like. And whilst I'm doing that I'm going to start peering the potatoes, boiling them up and then we're going to pop those in the oven to try and get some roast potatoes. And of course Yorkshire puddings you've got to have Yorkshire puddings with roast beef. So I've been cooking for 25 minutes. So what I'm going to do is very quickly just pour this out a little bit and just start basing in the actual meat really. So just pop it on there like this, get it all over. Do it as quick as you can and then we're going to pop it back in again. It just adds a little bit of flavour and keeps it nice and moist. And check there's plenty of water in there if it looks like it's getting a bit short then add some more water. Now I've been cooking for about 50 minutes so I'm halfway through. If you remember the first 25 minutes we've basing the actual meat and I'm now at 50 minutes a half way through and again just quickly basing that. Put a little bit on the onion as well, get all those flavours everywhere. That's it. Now what we can do at this point is I think I'm going to add just a little bit more water because I think he does need it. You know we've put two mug falls in there. Now I've actually got me roast potatoes, I've just popped those in the bottom there. I've boiled them for about 15 minutes and I've popped them in a little bit of olive oil and we just pop them in the oven. So I'll leave that cooking. So we're three quarters of the way through the cooking. We've been cooking now for 75 minutes. So I'm just going to pour again, basing this. Get all those juices over it. You'll go over there as well. Smells great. Now at the bottom there I've got the roast potatoes still cooking away and see those and I've got the tray for the yorkshire puddings. And we've got about 25 minutes left. So I'm just going to kind of get everything going and finish off this meat and then it's all going to be a lovely roast dinner. So I'm just going to quickly flip the potatoes and I'm going to put those at the top. So let's pull those out a minute. And we're going to do the yorkshire puddings. So I'm going to quickly do the yorkshire puddings. I'm just going to pour that in there. I'll just show you. So I've put the yorkshire puddings at the bottom there and I've left them meat exactly where it was. I'm just going to pop in the roast potatoes, get a little bit more crispy. And we're into the last sort of 20 minutes or so. So carry on cooking. So I'm just going to pull out the joint of meat. We've been cooking for the full time now. So one hour and 40 minutes. Look at that. Looks absolutely beautiful. Now what I'm going to do is put that on the table and let it rest for about 15-20 minutes. And it's going to be absolutely delicious. Now I've just pulled that out and I'm just going to baste in it for the last time there. Try and give it a nice bit of flavour. And then what we're going to do is just transfer it onto that plate in the background there. Just lift that up. It's quite hard to be careful. Just put it up in there. And we're going to use the rest of this for making some gravy. It's going to be delicious. And with the meat I'm just going to move it so you can see it there. Just very loosely. Cover it. A little bit of tin foil. And I'm going to leave that for about 15-20 minutes. Just to kind of settle down and get a bit more juicy and you know, we'll cut it open that a look. We've been cooking ours for one hour and 40 minutes. And I've left it and it's kind of rested for about 15-20 minutes. So what I'm going to do is just to snip this little bit of... This is like a butcher string really. Just pop that off. Now we're looking for a sort of medium piece of meat. So let's slice a little bit and see how it looks. I'm just going to turn that around and we're just slice a little piece off there. How does that look? Pretty good to you. A sort of medium. There we go. Just to show you that. So it's nice and a little bit pinky in the middle there. And obviously you know, you do it how you like. But I think that's really nicely cooked. What I'm going to do is I'm just going to serve some of this up with those Yorkshire puddings and roast potatoes and let's make a bit of a meal of it. So I'm just going to bring that out of the way there. I'm going to plate and I think we serve these couple of little bits up here. Beautiful. Beautiful. These are really hot but I've got these beautiful roast potatoes here. Look at those. The apps and the movie scrum. I'm just going to put some vegetables there. I've got a mixture of sort of carrots and brussels sprouts there. What I'm just going to put one of those Yorkshire puddings there. Look at that. Beautiful Yorkshire puddings. Got the whole meal there apart from some gravy. So let's pop a little bit of gravy on there. Got those juices from the meat. Put a bit on the veg. Look at that. I think you've got a really nice dinner there. Now I'm just going to try a little bit of that. So we've got the meat there. Look at that. Dip it in the gravy. And those beautiful juices. So simple but so nice. That's really nice. This is great. Got a lovely crispy roast potato there. Have a look at that one. The dip in those juices. It's so yummy. Lucky it's my dinner. Look at that one. Roast potatoes. Yorkshire puddings. I'm going to have a little bit of meat there. Mix those together. Got the perfect combination. Oh, so good. I really hope you enjoy. Thanks for watching. Really enjoyable, delicious and simple.