 Hello, my beautiful Nika Let's, welcome back to my channel, or hello, if you're new. Who else agrees with me that smelling bad and having the o or just smelling gross? One of the most embarrassing things and nobody wants to go through that. So these tips are going to make sure that you're going to smell good all day long, especially if you have a big event or nerve-wracking event where the body odor tends to come out. I've done a ton of hygiene videos and sweating life hacks. So like those down below, they have amazing information in there, so I definitely recommend checking those out. So if you guys have any questions or you want to talk to me, you can always follow me on my socials. I have Instagram Twitter Snapchat and Facebook. I am most active on Instagram, so definitely go follow me on there. We're so close to 50k. Like what? What? Let me know if you guys have any other requests on topics you want me to talk about. And that being said, let's jump into it. We're jumping into it. We all know that we should be cleansing our body. We should be bathing, taking a shower. You know, on the daily, we have to keep up with our body hygiene. I just want to throw that out there. I don't really list that because I just assumed that was a little bit too, like common sense. The first step I have for you is to apply to the odorant before you go to bed or an anti-perspirant just because I find that when I apply my deodorant before you go to bed, it soaks all up in and that by the time I'm awake, I'm all fresh and ready to go. As opposed to the morning, I feel like we're in a rush and we're moving around and it doesn't have that time to truly soak in and may get rubbed off and may you might be sweating while you're getting ready and all that kind of stuff. So I find that applying your deodorant at night can make such a big difference and keep you fresh all day long. So the deodorant I've been loving and I want to talk about it a bit because it's something that I've been using daily and I'm obsessed with. This video is by no means sponsored or anything like that. It's just something I genuinely love and that is native deodorant. I love it because it's natural so it's free of aluminum and perubans and aluminum has been linked to breast cancer. So I definitely recommend finding a deodorant if you're going to use any is to find something that doesn't have aluminum in it and that is something that I love about native. So that's why I always love to promote it to you guys. So I definitely recommend switching over to a more natural deodorant and also it smells really good. I'm obsessed with the coconut vanilla scent. I have a coupon code with them and I checked and it still works. So if you guys just wanted to, you can use my code Nicolata 10 to get 10% off it and they also have free shipping and free returns which I think is always essential when purchasing things online. I love that. So definitely check it out. I'll have the link down below for you guys as well as other products that I mentioned. Of course in this video if you guys are just curious to check things out. Now these next couple of hacks have to do with your perfume or your body spray. But I've really put on a huge fan of perfume. I love to smell good. I love when someone just walks by and you're like, yes, you smell so good. What are you wearing? I love when people say you smell so good. What's your perfume? That's like such a big compliment to me. So I think it's really important to find your scent that you like. If you guys are interested, I'm going to just tell you guys my top two perfume sets because I never really share my favorites. So I thought I just throw it in there. So my favorite is actually black opium by YSL. And I love this as more my nighttime scent because it's a lot more sexy and musky. For the everyday scent, something I've been loving. I recently found this actually from my boyfriend's mother. It's Elizabeth Arden's white tea and it smells so amazing. It smells really fresh, which I love to have a nice fresh, clean scent through the day. And at nighttime, I like to wear more like the musky, sexy condescents that are more richer. So I definitely recommend tying those two out. I'll have them linked in the description box for you guys just if you're curious. But those happen my two go two scents that I've actually gotten a ton of compliments on these scents. So I definitely recommend checking them out for yourselves, especially if you like fresh clean scents and more sexy musky scents. I'm not asked into floral or sugary kind of fruity scents as much as I used to be. I'm more into the more fresh clean scents and more musky kind of sexy scents. So those are just my two favorites just to throw that out there. But I'm going to be telling you guys some hacks that are going to really help with any perfume or body spray that you end up spraying on your body to make it last all day long. Before you even go ahead to spray your perfume, make sure you apply an unscented lotion right before you apply your perfume on top. Perfumes add here a better to hydrated skin. So just by putting some moisturizer right before applying your perfume, it's going to make it last that much more and it's going to linger. The smell is going to linger on you all day. Also, when you are spraying your scents and also when you are applying it, it's important to apply it to the pulse points of your body. That is on your wrist behind the ears, back of your knees inside your elbows. Those are all the pulse points that you should be spraying your perfume. It just lasts the best on those areas. So if you're going to spray your perfume anywhere, definitely spray in those areas. But if you want more of a misty, like a lighter scent and you don't want it to be so strong, you could just spray up in the air and walk through it. That's obviously going to give you a more lighter scent and it's not going to be as strong as if you apply it on to those pulse points. And when you are spraying it to things such as your wrist, I noticed and I used to do this a lot too because I didn't know. I used to rub it all the time after I sprayed my perfume, especially when spraying it onto my wrist. You shouldn't actually not be rubbing your wrist together because it will make your top layer of the perfume disappear quickly. It's leaving you only with the middle and the base notes of the perfume rather than having like the full fragrance. So if you're going to apply it, just let it sit there and soak in as opposed to rubbing it because you're just going to make it not get the best out of that perfume and it's going to also fade much more quickly. This next one has to do more smelly shoes. There's certain issues I find that when you wear them all day long or if you're not wearing socks with certain shoes and you take your feet out, it's just a really potent scent that nobody wants, especially if you're on a date or you're with your crush and you have someone that's going to just be really embarrassing. It's if I have for you, if you ever have any of those stinky shoes, smelly shoes, all you have to do is drop a few drops of teacher oil into the shoes, let it soak in. Teacher oil is super great because it's an anti-bacterial so it's going to basically get rid of that smell. So it's pretty much going to help your feet smell less and your shoe smell less. Definitely, it's put some teacher oil into it. And this is a random one but it has to do with food. These are some foods that actually make you smell a little bit more. So if you don't want to smell as much, try cutting down on the spicy foods, onions, garlic, even things such as red meat and alcohol. The odors from the food come out of your pores and it also makes your breath a little bit more stinky. So if you really don't want to smell, maybe you're scared, you're going to smell, maybe cut down a little bit on these things because they're just going to protrude out of you. The next hack is to spray for breeze or any little spray that you have in your closet. It's just going to give your clothes a fresh smell like they just came out of the laundry. It's going to help neutralize any of the odors you have in your closet. So it's something I definitely like to do. I love constantly having like that laundry scent smell. It is so good. Speaking of your closet, another thing you can do is add fabric dryer sheets into your sock store or your underwear drawer or a bra drawer, whatever you want, just so it can give it a fresh scent or another thing that you could do. You could sell cotton balls in essential oil. I personally like lavender oil and let it sink in and then I like to put it in a little baggy and then tie it up. And once it's completely dry, you can just put it into your underwear drawer or your sock drawer. And it's just going to give those pieces of clothing a nice scent to them. It's going to keep it smelling completely fresh, which we definitely want. So those are the two things I definitely like to do when it comes to my underwear drawer and my sock drawers and all that, especially sock drawers because those can get quite stinky socks or just like a thing that can get quite stinky. Speaking of socks, if you are sweating the first thing I definitely recommend is changing out of your t-shirt or your socks and just switch into another pair and maybe carry another pair along with you if you know that you're going to sweat through the day or something like that because of course if you have sweaty socks and sweaty shirts, that's usually when you start to smell either like stinky feet or body odor. Another one is to keep an emergency kit. This is really great tap or school or even just carry it in your car or wherever you may go because it can come in handy. Something I like to carry is either gum, mince, wipes, a little deodorant, a little perfume bottle and an extra pair of clothing, whether that's a shirt, socks, underwear, whatever that may be. Put it into a backpack or a little baggy and keep it wherever you go. This is just going to be really great for those emergency times and you're going to thank yourself when you were stuck in that emergency time. You're going to feel so much better. It's just a really great kit to have to freshen up wherever you are. And those are all my tips in order to stay fresh and smell good all day long. I guarantee if you try these out, you're going to be smelling hella good and you're going to get so many compliments. Let me know by leaving a comment down below what your favorite perfume is. I'm curious now because I'm always going to look up for any perfumes because your goal is kind of like a perfume junkie not going to lie. I have a ton. But if you guys like this video, thumbs it up. It feels useful. If you guys want me to talk about any other topic, just let me know as always and make sure you guys do head over and join my family over on Instagram, Twitter, Snapchat and my Facebook page because I always like to keep you guys updated. If you haven't already, click that subscribe button so you're part of this family and turn that bell on. I mean so much if you join the notification squad because I do upload every Wednesday, Fridays and Sundays and you'll get notified every single time I do uploads. So I hope you guys are having an amazing day even your night. Whenever you're watching this and I'll catch you guys in my next one. Bye.