 Hi, it's Emigad and welcome to the kitchen. Today I'm going to introduce you to a traditional Aussie biscuit and also for our Feltie New Zealand Anzac biscuits. We have never been able to do it because of the oats. Today I'll make it for you with an organic quinoa flex, nutritious healthy with our wonderful plan flour. So without talking let's start. We have here our wonderful plan flour, functional plan flour, oats, oh sorry. It's a quinoa flex, brown sugar, nuts, peanuts. By the way many of you who have nuts in tolerate can change it to other ingredients, coconut, golden syrup, margarine, bicarbonate soda and water. Now if you pay attention you don't have any egg, you don't have any dairy, no wheat, no gluten and no soya. Okay what we're going to do here we're going to put all the dry goods together. Here I am I'm putting in together and I'm telling you the stage number two, stage number two I'm going to put golden syrup and margarine together in the microwave for two and a half minutes and stage number two is the bicarbonate soda and the water and that's how we have the Anzac biscuits. So what I do I mix all that ingredient to one mix nicely so we get good consistency with that. We put the margarine and the golden syrup together and we just put it in the microwave for two and a half minutes. Okay it's boiled in the microwave you can see it hot boiling hot so what I'm going to do I'm going to put it in the mix and allow to mix very very well, very hot and very well. That's what his does is it will activate all the ingredients to join together. A golden syrup have a nature when you heat it up he acts like an egg, he joins all the ingredients together until all mix one good consistency. Now it's just bit hard and I'm going to put my hands into it make sure it's all nice and mixed. You really really have to have the golden syrup and margarine mix in well and I really really put it together really strong so they get equal and I put now the water and the bike up so done nicely and I again mix it. Now remember the mix is going to be very very sticky. I use usually with water my hands not to stick it and make the biscuits. After we gave the mix few minutes to relax and get bombed together we are starting with the process of making the biscuits. I put little bit water in my hands and I just do the biscuit. Now I separate them, I flat the biscuits and I separate make a space between them because they have an habit to spread in the oven backing 175 degrees for about 14 minutes. Don't attempt to bake it more, there will be dry. You want a moisture and the golden syrup will give you that moisture to be. From that mix you get lots of biscuits for all the family, if there is any birthday party you want to give them biscuits I make it that size. So let's start to put it in the oven 175 degrees for 14 minutes. Remember do not over bake them to get dry biscuits. Avel! They came out like a oven absolutely smell wonderful. You know there is a time in life I'm very proud of myself to be able to give to our family, see like people in Australia, you use Zealand such a great product such a yummy test. I forget to say that it's gluten free, wheat free, dairy free, nut free. Please don't tell that to the family they don't believe you. So from one packet a plain flour we just use 300 grams. Remember that, that's the person. I full fill my mission to you. My friend till the next show have a great day.