 What's up guys on here and welcome back to brand new episode here on shook and this week is DIY week do it yourself I'm probably gonna create stuff the other guys have probably made some pretty awesome dope stuff But I am not really in the creative mood right now. I'm joking. I'm always creative So today I'm gonna do something in the kitchen. I still do not know what I want to do But I'm gonna do something I'm gonna start rambling now and let's get to the video But the power to the camera to the kitchen. Oh, it's dark. Hello Okay guys now we're in the kitchen, dude. Let's just look at map drawers to see if there's something interesting that can make How about we make DIY doctor pepper? I mean, that's a little something isn't it? I have this right here, which is Dr. Pete. So let's turn Dr. Pete into Dr. Pepper, okay? That's how creative I am today boys. This my friends is a soda stream machine You haven't seen one before you've probably been living under a rock because they're all over the place Basically what I saw the stream machine does is to turn water into soda. Oh my god. That's sick So basically what you do is to take this and you fill it with water Now as you probably can see there's a line there somewhere Yeah, you have to fill the water up to there. I haven't done this in a while by the way But as far as I remember you just put this on here, okay, you press the button Check this out. This is the scary part Okay, that's scary sound right there. It means that it's done. Oh boy You have sparkling water Woohoo, and now to make Dr. Pepper you have to put this shit in here. Okay, okay The entire thingy up and then you pour the Dr. Pepper syrup. Oh Fucking hell It's more to go over that was great success. Okay, so there's that DIY Dr. Pepper I feel like such a freaking troll right now, but we made Dr. Pepper. Come on. DIY. Do it yourself I made the Dr. Pepper myself. So this is not damn DIY, okay? I really hope you enjoyed this silly little video if you did make sure to smash the like button And I'll see you guys next week with a brand new video