 Today we're building a beautiful western red cedar, multi-purpose shed. Jim, I love this design. Take us through the features. Well, we built this in a kind of a compact model. You could adapt this, but it could be any size, length, width, all that kind of thing. The key to this is we've left the left gaps between so the air can flow through it. So it's ideal for stuff like sporting equipment, garbage, recycling, firewood, gardening tools, that kind of thing. And of course we're using western red cedar because it's naturally resistant to raw, decay, and insects, making it ideal for all your outdoor projects. Plus, nothing smells, looks, or feels quite like western red cedar. Let's start building. Now for this project we're going to use a beautiful, naughty grade of western red cedar. It's really going to add a lot of texture and warmth. Plus, it's a cost-effective choice, isn't it right? Yes, it sure is. Now for dimensions, what are we using? Well, for the actual frame itself, we're going to use four by four and two by four. What else are they good for? Four by four we use for exterior gazebo, fence pose, things that demand durability and stability. Good to know. How about the flooring? Flooring, we're going to use two by six. It's probably our most popular wood for exterior decks and I've got some that are, I've got one that's 30 years old, like what? And how's it holding up? Holding up well? Great. Now how about the cladding? Cladding, we're going to use one by six and one by four with the rough side out. Nice, now what's the first step? First step is to get going on the floor system. Okay, let's get started. Well, the flooring's all done and it looks great and it didn't take that long gym. No, because cedar is amazingly easy to work with. It's straight and true and lies flat. It takes fastener as well and it's amazing to get you lightweight. What's your number one pro tip for this project? When you lay out the actual frame of the floor, make sure that it's true and square before you start to patching the deckboards. Good point. Now what's the next step? Next step is we're going to frame up the walls. We've designed it in a specific way with four by fours in every corner for a reason. That reason is if you wanted to put this on a fairly level driveway, you just put it down and shiv it. But if it was on a lawn or a soft surface or an unjolating surface, then I would run these four by fours longer than the bottom of the deck and slot them into level gearbox like this. And that way it'll be up off the wet surface and truly level. Right. And for more detailed instructions, you can go to realseater.com for free downloadable building plans. And what are we doing now? So now we're going to take these four by fours in the corner, cut them off to length and install the roof system. Any tricks of the trade? You could at the beginning of the project before you start. You could head down to your local realseater supplier and see if they have any short lengths. If you can get shorter lengths, you cut down your cutting, cut down your waste and save you money. Nice. Another great thing about realseater is just how green it is. In fact, wood such as realseater leave the smallest carbon footprint than any other building material. So it's a choice you can feel good about. So the roof is all installed and Jim, I couldn't help but notice that the flashing required some maybe advanced skills. Yeah, for sure. It looks great, but there's easier ways to do this. You can take this corrugated plastic and you can run it over on all edges, run it over the fascia, and that would work to be much simpler. Nice. So next we're going to do the cladding. What kind of fasteners are we going to use? We've been using stainless steel screws up until now, but we're going to change the stainless steel nails for the cladding. We use stainless steel because they're resistant to corrosion and they don't stain the cedar. Excellent. Jim, I love it. The tonal range of the wood is absolutely stunning and there's so much space in here. Now we're just going to let this weather naturally, eventually turning a beautiful silvery patina. But it's good to know that Western Red Seater is pitch and resin-free, which means it holds and accepts a wide range of finishes beautifully. Another great job, Jim. Thank you. Let's load it up. Okay.