 Welcome to Ronda here with foods 101. Today I'm showing you how to make fried okra. Okra is in season starting in the month of September. So I figured what a better way to celebrate the start of fall with some of this deliciously fresh fried okra. Simple and easy to do. The ingredient you're going to need is a cup and a half of self-rising cornmeal. So I'm going to take a cup of all-purpose flour. One fourth teaspoon of pepper. One half teaspoon of kosher salt. One tablespoon of water. One egg. One cup of whole milk. And of course the star of the show are these okra pods. Look how beautiful these okra pods are. Okra is known as a super veggie. Two, two, it's crazy levels of vitamin A, vitamin C and antioxidants. Let me show you how we're going to start this. In a medium bowl we're going to add one egg. With a whisk we're going to lightly whisk it. Add a cup of whole buttermilk. Keep whisking. Add your tablespoon of water. Set this off to the side. With a gallon plastic bag you're going to add your self-rising cornmeal. Your all-purpose flour. The pepper. And salt. Toss this around until we get these four dry ingredients well combined. Now we're going to put this off to the side. Back with the okra. With a pan knife we're going to take our okra pods and you're going to cut the ends off. Alright, see what it looks like on the inside. And I mean this isn't a popular vegetable. It's kind of fuzzy on the outside and really oozy and gooey on the inside. But don't let it frighten you because you're very healthy for you. A super food. We're going to cut it in a fourth of an inch slices. And we're going to do this to all of our okra pods. Ok? Of course we're going to remove the caps there. You can cut them down into a fourth of an inch or you can cut them into half an inch. Whatever you like. And you really don't need to throw the ends out. You can keep those for good measure. I've got all my okra pods cut down in fourth of an inch slices and we're going to bring back that buttermilk mixture. And we're going to add all of our okra right into this. We're going to give it a lovely little tossing and it is slimy. But that's ok. You're not going to taste that slime once we get them battered and fried. Make sure you saturate your okra and get it down into that buttermilk egg mixture. We're going to let this soak for about five minutes. And then over here to the oven top, I have a 12 inch skillet over medium heat. We're going to add oil until it reaches about a half an inch up the sides of your skillet here as you can see. If you have an electric skillet or if you have a deep fryer, you may use that as well. Back with the okra and our dry cornmeal mix here in this plastic bag. We're going to remove the okra from the buttermilk and eggs and give it a nice little shaking. You're going to use a slotted spoon. And we're only going to do a few at a time. As you can see here, we're going to add it into our dry mixture and give it a lovely little shaking until your okra is completely well coated. With another slotted utensil, we're going to shake the okra out and we're going to light over here and let it somewhat dry here on the cooling rack. You're going to continue doing this until you have all of your okra tossed and breaded and over here on your cooling rack. You want to put your fingers down in there and pull this out. You may do that too. Shake off the excess cornmeal and then again, just light right over here. Before we start frying the okra, I've taken a plate and I'm lying two layers of paper towels over it because this is what we're going to drain our okra on. So sit this off to the side. Put it over here on the back burner. Here's our lovely coated okra. We're going to add one to see if the oil is hot and it's sizzling so we're ready to add the okra. Add just a few at a time. Keep them separated because you don't want them sticking. These are going to fry for about three minutes and the batter is really going to puff up on these slices of okra so you're going to get a lovely little outside crunch. After three minutes and I've used my timer, this is what your okra is going to look like. Lovely golden brown. Shake off the excess oil and light over here. If you're wondering what kind of oil I'm using, I'm using a vegetable oil or if you'd like to use canola oil, you may do that or peanut oil. Ok and look, those are absolutely perfect. I continue doing this until you get all your okra fried. Be here fried okra, the perfect way to start off the okra season and I want to give this a try. They're absolutely perfect and listen to how crunchy they are. Oh yeah, these are very addictive and of course got to put a little dip on it if you need to but they're perfectly delicious by themselves. These are absolutely crunchy and tender on the inside, that buttermilk made that okra lovely and tender and the self rising cornmilk makes these absolutely perfectly crunchy. You will not be disappointed. Delicious. Hey y'all, thanks a million for watching. Follow me here on YouTube or Instagram, give me thumbs up, leave me a comment and I'll catch you lovely people later.