 One. Hi guys, good morning and welcome to the vlog. So I'm getting a later start on the vlog today. It is actually a mole. 2PM, I've been working all morning for the past like six hours on a bunch of different work stuff. But I didn't vlog any of that because I'm pretty sure no one really wants to watch me sit around my computer for like six hours. Hello, we are officially starting the vlog. Now that I am heading out the door, please do not comment about the lash extensions. I know they look crazy. I'm going to see my lash lady very soon. For now, we're just living with this. Right now, I am about to head out the door to go pick up Lindsay or Beauty Baby. She still got my beauty baby. Lindsay Hughes and Oli and we're all gonna go grab some lunch at their favorite place called the kitchen and still really good, I think it is. I think I went there one time with Steph. I'm not exactly positive. But before I go, I guess I'll show you guys my O-T-D even though it's like really weird today. Here is what I'm wearing. I decided to wear a bright green sports bra. With this black tank top from Topshop, I'm all out of workout clothes. You guys are all dirty. That's why I really need to do laundry today. Black leggings and then my Adidas that I got, which I'm obsessed with. They have some like mint and green detailing. So I thought maybe they've matched my bright green sports bra. And yes, these are the looks we're serving today. And I will see you when I get home. Look at the way she just sits on this pillow, you guys. You are such a princess, I love you. All right, so I'm gonna head out and I'll see you guys at lunch. Hello! We're at lunch right now, I'm very back late. I'm looking my queens. Hello, what's everybody getting? I'm on a chicken on a sandwich. Which I had it before. Ooh, what did you get? Right, chicken on a sandwich. Yum. Of course. I got a turkey burger. Well right now we're not eating our food yet. We're just getting the appetizers, yes. Delish. Our food has officially come. I didn't know that bacon was gonna be on my turkey burger, but I got a turkey burger. We got fries. What'd you get over here? Oh yes, I asked earlier, you're a fried chicken sandwich. We got the lemons. She looks like a nice little match. I'm missing. Hello guys, it is later now. Look who I am with. How do you feel? Nervous. Nervous, we're walking right now to Soul Cycle. We'll be there in like 20 seconds. I'm going with the Soul Cycle Queen. Oh, not quite. I don't know why I feel. Not yet. I'm excited though, I'm excited. Yeah, isn't it super well, I know you. I know. It's a Rihanna versus Kanye and I was surprised. I'm excited to see you. Tonight the theme, so it's gonna be really fun. This is the Soul Cycle here. I see her in the distance. I'm so excited for you. I'm so excited. All right, updates to come. You guys, we finished. Oh my god, look at it. I look like a tomato. So what were your thoughts? How do you feel? Honestly, that was my first time cycling ever. Like 100%. I've never thought about it before. She did so well, let me just say. It was so hard to get the pace, but then once you get the pace, you're good. It was an experience for sure. It took me like a solid like 10, 50 minutes before I was like, okay, I could do this. I was so warm. I can't like the first song. I was like, oh my gosh, I'm not gonna get through this at all. You guys, look at these little chips they have here. They're like little ghost chips. Are they potato? Oh yeah, they're pop potatoes back. They're so cute. Get in some salmon. What are you getting, my queen? I'm gonna get this little free juice smoothie. Yum, oh, that one is good. You know what I like the defense up? If you're getting sick, this one. It's really good to drink. If you're gonna get sick, I'll wait wrong one. There we go. That one's so fun. I don't know if it's just like a placebo thing in my mind, but I feel like I don't get sick if I feel like I'm getting sick. Hello guys, it is the next morning. I just made myself some breakfast. I cooked up some ground turkey patties and then topped them with tomatoes, avocado, hot sauce, and then I have one egg. With some egg whites, I am watching Modern Family. I've got my water and I am ready to eat. Hi guys, okay, so I finished breakfast. And you know those days where you just feel like you look kinda crazy? I feel like that's happening today. I don't have any makeup on because why do you have a little bit of my eyebrows and a little bit of eyeliner and a little bottom lash mascara? You guys, I try to do my foundation. I am having the hardest time finding my perfect foundation shade lately. I don't know what's wrong, but I just look absolutely insane all the time. So yes, I have quite a few free hours before I have to get any work done. I have a few phone call meetings today, but nothing too crazy. And then tonight I am seeing some very special friends which I'm excited to burn you guys with because I'm sure you guys are gonna be excited. Yes, for the next few hours, I thought that I would just take you guys along with me while I clean up my apartment because it is getting kind, not too crazy, but it's getting crazy. Especially my closet room, it's insane. I wanna go through my closet, take out clothes that I am not wearing anymore, clothes that don't fit me. A lot of my clothes actually haven't been fitting me anymore, which is great because for one thing, I'm losing weight, but at the same time, I love my clothes. I need to clean up the kitchen, clean up the bathroom. I need to do my laundry today, so just normal adult things. But before I do any of that, I wanted to do a Sephora haul for you guys because I picked up a few things. I also got a couple PR packages that I thought I would share with you guys. All right, so first of all, I got a couple hair products. These are ones that I use on a pretty much everyday basis. This is the detangular that I use. This is the Living Proof Restore Perfecting Spray. This is my new favorite dry shampoo. This is the IGK Jetlag. I am obsessed with this brand. I use pretty much like all of their products. This is another repurchase for me. These are the Peter Thomas Roth Max Complexion Correction pads. I finished these and I feel like these are really helping out with my acne to be completely honest. It's about to be that time in the month for me again, so I am breaking out a little bit, especially like in this area. I really, really like them. I feel like they helped out with my acne. I ran out, started breaking out. I don't know if it has any correlation in my mind. It does though. I got two of the Bite Agave lip masks in the Natural Flavor or Scent or Color. I already have one, but I'm always misplacing it because I move it from like my purse to my makeup counter to like my bedside table of all these things. So I was like, okay, I need to grab a few more. So I can have them like everywhere at all times. And then last but not least for things that I purchased, I got two new eyeshadow palettes. This I think is my favorite eyeshadow brand in the entire world. I will say they are very expensive. The brand is called Viser and I picked up two of the little like six pan eyeshadow palettes. It looks like this. These are so pretty. I feel like this is perfect to just create like a nice smoky eye from going out or something. It is gorgeous. The quality is amazing and they're nice and compact. So you can throw them in your makeup bag. Take them on the go and they're nice and slim. And then last but not least for PR stuff, I got this adorable package from two days. If you guys didn't know, I love the holidays. And one of my favorite part about the holidays are the holiday sets that the makeup brands come out with. Oh, they're so cute. So two days, I think this is their holiday collection. I'm guessing this year. It's called the Best Year Ever 2018. Super cute. Even though we're in 2017, I'm a little confused. So there's three different sizes. We'll go from small to big. The first one is called the Pretty Little Planner. Best Year Ever 2018. Here is the packaging. It's like a blue chrome. So pretty. Oh, this is cute. There's like a little pocket with a mirror. Here you can put some stuff in there. A little better than Sex Masker, which is honestly one of the best mascars ever. Ooh. Oh, this is so pretty. Perfect for the holidays. I like this green shade here. I'm totally gonna wear that. Next one is the gold box. This is the middle side. Oh my God. Okay, this stuff is really well done. Here it is. We've got the bag. And then, ooh, all the stuff inside. There's three little eyeshadow palettes inside here. So there's three. This one says Natural Beauty. This one is, I believe in pink. And this one is super fun night. So you can go from like daytime to, I don't know, pink in the nighttime. That is beautiful. I love the blush. It's like a blush bronzer looks like. This is the, I believe in pink. Wow. I don't wear a lot of pink. I've been getting more into purple though. So we'll see, but that is a hot, hot pink blush. These are so pretty too. There's like a nice highlighter. I'm like not swatching anything. Oh, that's pretty. This is like a very nice subtle highlighter. So pretty. This color really grabbed my eyes. I'm gonna use these so often. Pink box. This is called the Boss Lady Beauty Agenda. Oh my gosh, I'm really excited about these. It says Don't Let Today Be A Waste of Makeup. Wait, that's so cute. That's really handy. I love that. And then for the palette, here we go. Here's the last big booklet. Oh, whoa. Look at all of these colors and shadows and blushes. Oh my god, I'm obsessed. All right, so that is my makeup haul. I am so excited about it. And yes, it is now time to start cleaning. So let's do it. All right, guys. Time to tackle this insane broom. I had all these clothes on a clothing rack, but I think it got to be too much. So the poor thing collapsed and broke. So we're gonna go through this. We're gonna go through that. And we're just gonna do it. All right, guys, we have some progress. I still have quite a bit to do when I get back, but I cleared out a lot from the closet. And here's what I have so far that I'm going to donate. The past two times that I cleaned out my closet, I sold them on Poshmark. So this time, I'm gonna donate all this stuff, which I'm very excited about. I also just got off a business call and now I'm about to head out because I'm going to get my nails done today. I've been giving my nails a break for a little while and I haven't gotten acrylics in a very long time. So I decided I'm gonna go get some and I'm very excited. I'm gonna head out and walk over to the nail salon. So let's go. Hi, guys. I'm home. I got my nails done. Look how pretty they are. I did this pinky rosy color and I made the match and I am actually obsessed them. They're perfect for fall. On my way home, I went to Whole Foods yet again to get some food because I am super hungry. And I need to run out the door and I don't have time to like make something before I go. So this will be my lunch for the next couple days, but I got some edamame. For right now, I'm gonna have this spicy tuna avocado roll with brown rice. As I said, I need to be driving so I need to be able to eat it on the go. And then I also picked up a couple of the salmon sashimi little boxes. I get these and eat them as lunch sometimes and they're really, really good. So yes, I'm gonna jump in the car and I will see you guys when we get there. Side note, you guys. I literally just got in the car. Haven't even turned the car on yet. There we go. And I already ate half. That's how good this is and also how hungry I was. Hi, guys. I'm at dinner now. It turns out one of our friends that was supposed to come at dinner tonight unfortunately could not, but it's okay because the other one made it. I'm just the other one. It's the other one. Sweet Hilly's here. We have Hilly, Danielle, what's supposed to be here, but she got off of work way too late. So unfortunately, we'll have to wait till next week. The driving queen is back. Thank goodness. It's better than driving. It's better than driving, which means it's about to be driving season. The driving season is all year long. I'm gonna be talking.