 Hey everyone, life with Petia. So today's video I am going to do a basic look over the goldfish tank. I've had a lot of you requesting to do what is in the tank and how we've got it set up. So I just thought I would do a very basic look at it and I'm not going to go into any detail over the filters and all that sort of stuff. I'm just going to do a general overview of the tank. As some of you may have noticed we now only have three fish in the tank. The day after the video went out last week, the little panda telescope started behaving very strangely and within 24 hours it actually passed away. So sadly we are down to a three goldfish. Many of you asked on Instagram if I'm planning on getting another goldfish and yes I probably will at some point but I haven't really decided what I want yet. So right now we're just going to leave it at the three goldfish. If you're not following us on Instagram I will leave a link in the description box below. There you will see things that you don't necessarily see on the channel and you also get to see sneak peeks of upcoming videos. So moving on to the tank it is a 55 gallon and we are using LED lighting. At each end we have the disc air stones and then a small air stone in the middle and we've done that to create a lot of surface water movement which is very important. So for filtration we are using an Aquaclier 70 and this cycles 300 gallons per hour. We're also using the marine land 200 and this one does 200 gallons per hour and then inside the tank we have an Aquion internal filter and we're just using this more for water movement within the bottom of the tank. We did a lot of research on whether to put substrate in the goldfish tank. Some people think that it is better to and other people think that you really shouldn't do it and we decided that we would go with no substrate for the time being so that it's easier to clean the tank. Goldfish produce an awful lot of waste and that waste very easily gets trapped in the substrate and so with the powerful filters that we have right now the waste is just sucked straight up the filters and so it keeps the tank very very clean for the fish. We have used live plants in this tank and this one is becoper and we've just planted it in a round glass bowl with some gravel and a root tab in the bottom. In the center of the tank we've used another round glass bowl and I've layered it with sand and then moss balls and then we've used a small piece of driftwood and attached an anobius to it and then I've just packed some rocks into the back of it. Despite packing this with the marmobles and the rocks in the back they've still been able to get in and dig out the sand which is what all the little white specks are along the bottom of the tank. The last plant is also again planted in a jar with gravel and a root tab and that one is an Amazon sword and with this one we just trim the outside leaves every three to four weeks and then that encourages the growth through the center which is how we have got it to become so big and bushy. In my last video I asked you to let me know how many videos per month you wanted to see on the goal fish and it did seem to come out at three to four per month and so that is what I am going to try and do. Initially I think I will do one per week just for the next few weeks and then I will probably go to every other week with an extra one thrown in there. I post beta videos every Tuesday and so I will post the goal fish videos on a Friday. Okay guys that's it for this video. If you would like to see more videos like this then please subscribe to my channel and I will see you next time.