 Alright, we're making a pinfish trap. I'm not very good with this camera. Alright, so far all we've done is cut out some chicken wire into a cone shape. And then I use some little zip ties right here. You can get them from anywhere. Ace is hardware, Home Depot, and zip tie it at the end. You can also take the little extra pieces of wire and bend them around to make it a little more secure. And that's pretty much it, and you got a cone with like a hollow center. Oh yeah, use gloves because this stuff's prickly. Alright, and you take your other piece that you cut off, and you make like a cone type thing. It's got one small end and one big end. So it looks like this. That's what the fish is looking at. He's going to go in, and then he can't get out because he's too dumb. Alright, okay. So an hour to this point. You just basically put that cone that you made inside, kind of like a little fly bottle trap, a small end facing inside the trap, in the large end, fitting flush with the outside of the cone, and just place a few zip strips to hold it in place, and then trim the excess. You're going to have a little bit of excess. I had about that much, but you trim the excess using the zip ties, kind of to hold it in place, and just short it up when you're done, and then clip the zip ties, and then I will show you how to put the bottom on, and then how to rig it up with bait. Alright, an hour to this point. We have an excess piece of the chicken wire, and we're going to put it down like so, on top of your open end of your cone. It doesn't really matter which way you put it. I would rather put it the other way. Alright, so what you're going to do is put it down. Use your little clippers. Basically make a rudimentary circle, just clip around, and then you're going to zip tie one end, kind of like hinge, so it goes in and out, and then you leave it just a little bit to the inside, leave the extra metal strip, so that way you can kind of secure it on the inside of the cylinder, and I'll show you what that looks like. Alright, so I took these little picture hanger things that I found laying around. Yeah, this is what it looks like, finished product. You just cut it round, but stay to the outside, leave yourself a little room for air. You know what they say? Measure twice, cut once, just don't want to mess up, so just give yourself a little room for air, and just cut a little bit of the outside, and bend them down, you know, so you don't stab yourself. And then take two zip ties, take this little picture hanger thing, and with the picture opposite what you would if you were hanging a picture. Put the little grabby end facing up. Alright, then to get you one of these little tiny gas station, like Bungie cord things, hook it to there, and then you hook it to the other side. Damn, not good at Bungie cord, hook it to the other side. Alright, so it looks like that, and then you just stretch it down, like so, and it snaps in place, holds the Bungie cord, and then it's like a secure little trap door, so the fish can't get out, but when you want to get your bait, you just open it up, and the bait's in there. It's pretty slick. So yeah, finished product, looks pretty good, and then next video I'll show you how to rig it up and put bait in there. So yeah. This is a shot, nice caught. Wow, that looks a little bit like a sucker. Hey fish, hey fish. That's a bait for the gun. This is on the last 100 air fish on, so why are fishes? Both the antidote light and pages are visible, and conflict of follow through the end and productions to keep up with the latest and greatest.