 Today on amateur kitchen, we are making best velvet pancakes for the fourth of July. And let's face it, you gotta start the day off right by celebrating right away in the morning for breakfast. So we're gonna do the red for the red velvet pancakes, white for the cream cheese frosting, and then what do you think our blue part is? Blueberries. Blueberries. So we're gonna have a red white and blue breakfast. I'm so excited for this recipe. I hope you enjoyed Maria. I'm pretty sure our belts says a lot of sugar. Yes, and a little bit of cocoa powder, so you're gonna like that. Awesome, I can't wait any longer. Let's get started on making these. Red velvet pancakes. Here we go. We're gonna start with our giant green dance with blower. Sugar. Unsweetened cocoa powder. baking soda. baking powder. and cinnamon. And then you just have to stir it all together. That's pretty simple right? Yes. Now onto the wet ingredients. So for this Maria, I want you to go ahead and crack two eggs into another bowl. So go ahead and crack them. And you're gonna do the eggs and egg whites. So whole thing. Okay. And then I got some buttermilk, which is just very classic to the red velvet cake. So we gotta do a little pancake, right? That's okay. We'll wait enough. Just no shells. And then we're gonna pour some butter. And it's melted butter that we, it's kind of slightly cooled because what would happen if we put warm water, warm butter with our eggs. What do you think would happen? We would make scrambled eggs. Good job. That's right. We don't want to make scrambled eggs. Yeah. Because we're making pancakes. That's scrambled eggs. They're like the two opposite things where you still have them both for breakfast at the same time. Yeah. But they're still two completely different things. Yup. And then we have some white vinegar. And this is very classic again to the red velvet cakes. And Maria, you asked me a question earlier, didn't you? Yes. What was it? What is the vinegar for? What's the vinegar for? Good question. The vinegar is gonna help bring out the red flavor or the red coloring with the cocoa powder. Now we're also gonna put red food coloring in, but it's just gonna make it a little bit brighter. Okay. And it's also gonna help with the acidity with the buttermilk. So give it that classic red velvet cake flavor. And then one of our favorite ingredients, what's this? vanilla. The vanilla and one teaspoon. Do you wanna add this in? Yes. There you go. Chris, can I smell it? Here. Alright. We're gonna start mixing, Maria. I can't really. Let me get that all beat up. It's gonna smell so good. And don't get the job, Maria. Now we're gonna slowly add in the dry ingredients just until they're all nice and blended. Go ahead and mix that around. Mm. Smells good? Yeah. Okay. Now go ahead and scrape your sides for you a bit. Now we're going to add in the red food coloring. That's great. You like it? Yeah. You're right. Couple more. Okay. That's probably gonna be good. I'm gonna cook it up here next now. That's right. And we have kind of a griddle pan here. I really like these because when I make pancakes, I like the temperature to stay very nice and even. And this is a great way to kind of ensure that. So, alright, we're gonna go ahead and ladle in your pancake batter. Okay. Into here. It just went in there. Yeah. So now, you know, one of the first few pancakes, you just never know if it's gonna work. And you know, daddy's a really good pancake maker. Yes. Yes. It's about the only thing that he makes. Good. A good way to tell when your pancake is ready is it's gonna get a whole bunch of little bubbles in it. And that's when you know you need to flip it. So we're just gonna wait for the bubbles. Alright. Yeah. One of the first times that I seen red velvet pancakes was that one of my favorite breakfast places in downtown Chicago called Grand Laplace. Chris and Maria take me there every single mother's day. And I had to try out the red velvet pancakes. They're nice and fluffy and delish. I knew I had to try them at home. And I know you'll love them just as much as we do. Well, I've finished making these pancakes. Maria is gonna go ahead and show you all how to make the cream cheese frosting, right, Maria? Yes. Alright. What do you need? First, we have some softened cream cheese that I'm just going to blend. Yep, beat together. Beat. Yep. There you go. And I'll just kind of make it nice and smooth. These are coming out. You see how pretty red they are? Is that cool? Mm-hmm. Am I good? Yeah. Great. John, Maria, now we need to slowly add in the powdered sugar. Oh, yummy, yummy, yummy. That's right. Now, this continues to stay pretty thick for you after you do the powdered sugar. You can always add just a dash of milk in each time to kind of loosen it up, depending on how loose you want it. We want to kind of loose, because I like to drizzle it online. Okay, because I come to Maria, I'm just going to go ahead and add in one teaspoon of some vanilla extract. Just to give it a nice little extra kick in flavor. If you want to add a little extra something to these pancakes, why don't you try cream cheese frosting with syrup together? It's awesome. We're done making our bread and velvet pancakes with cream cheese frosting. And now we're ready to try it. That's right. We sprinkled a few little blueberries on top. Oh, there's some extra frosting for you too. Thanks. Yum. Mmm, the blueberries, what's that? So good. Cream cheese frosting, the cream cheese, feel like. The pancake kind of just has a little subtle chocolate flavor, but not much, because of that. A little bit of cocoa powder we put in it, right? Mmm-hmm. Alright, what do you think? I love it. Do you? Yes. Now I know we can make this on 4th of July or really any time of the year. This is a really great treat. You can be on a time stay. You can make them in little hearts and do it for Valentine's Day. In the meantime, we always want you to head to our website, amateurkitchen.tv, to find all of our recipes and videos, including this one. And we also want you to head to our Facebook page, Twitter page, Pinterest, YouTube, Instagram, all the other social media pages out there. And what do we want them to do around? Get that little like button or follow button. So you can follow us every single day. Well, I'm going to finish enjoying this. Are you going to join me? Yes. We hope you try it too. We hope you all have a great, safe and fun 4th of July. And we want to see you right back here again next time on... amateurkitchen. See you later. Bye. I think. Gotta get out of my own face.