 Aurr公az kw themik PA kono mpiji jingia kamori buikuye bwondiwujo, luero kasesei ang kagadi, trite rip from the windfall. Vanja is a tropical plant that produces flowers and seed buds from which we get vanna extract. It's the only type of orchard that grows in form of vine. To understand how much it takes to grow the plant, we visit mollismbareba, or below la village in kagadi district, whose fortunes have changed because of vanira. According to Vanja, Vanja is a crop that can grow in an acclimate. It all starts with adding fine, or acquiring vanilla cuttings that are taken from which we are crop, which is yet to flower. As you plant, you have to remove the leaves fast. Two cuttings, one either side, and are planted again as the support trees, with a bottom two nodes under the mouse, noting the soil. Otherwise, they tend to rot. Note that the soil is not too dry. For better growth, especially in areas with low soil fertility, fertilizers will be needed for crop to grow healthy. You can use dry grass or cow dung by surrounding it on the ground. Vanja plants require to be altered twice or thrice a week of altering the damaged roots of your vandal plant. Shed should be provided initially to the vines by planting banana or other suitable plants for better growth. Normally, it is advised about first plant bananas before the vandal are for the shade. The vandal plant should be allowed to trail zontarine on both tied trees, and the farmer ones that flower will not occur as long as the vines climb up one. This is the distance. Spacing is crucial. I measure four to five feet. From planting to flowering, it takes two to 12 years for the critical population stage. At the flowering stage, the crop needs extra care. Preination is done by use of ants within 12 hours of the opening. It's done by hope of a thin needle. All you need to do is to lift the flip of the flower and then place the needle against another. No, Jaya, Kakesoka, Numpoda. The stage in vandal growing takes between nine to ten months for a farmer to harvest. Between 2003 and 2004, the price of vandal has spiked 100,000 chilings. For every kilo, yet the price continues to hike, standing at 250,000 chilings. Next week on the farm, we'll examine the vanyamaket, which has been the major challenge over the years by talking to different farmers and you can export us and progress in the business. I want you to go see interview on the farm.