 Hey guys thanks for clicking on this DIY. I am going to teach a little very basic macrame thing. Basically I'm gonna teach all the basic knots that I use to make something like this. I'm not gonna do this in this video because this takes like hours and hours but I'll teach just the little little knots and so you can kind of design your own thing and you can look at designs on Pinterest or Facebook or anything like that and you can easily kind of figure out what knots are used where and so you can make the design yourself. But what you will need for this DIY is any piece of wood or pipe or anything that you want to hang your macrame on. I usually use dowels like this but this is what I got today. I never tried it on like a square block piece of wood so I'm gonna do that. A little string like this to hang it on and you will need some craft cord. A lot of people use cotton string for macrame. I think it's really pricey though. This stuff works just as great. It's what I've been using. It's nine dollars that hobby will have you. This is the care kind and you can get thinner kindness little less. You can always use your 40% off fee fund or sometimes they're on sale. So that is a good deal and this is a hundred yards. That a really good deal compared to cotton macrame for. And then I have pre-cut, I've only cut 12 of them. I use a lot more than that on a big macrame but I am only showing you a little bit so I only cut 12. I did two arm lengths like this and then cut and then I just used this one to measure out all the rest of them. I do it in groups of four because how the knots work, your designs will work out a lot better. I'm doing groups of four. So that's why I did 12. Yeah so let's get started. So what you're gonna do is you're gonna fold the rope in half so that the ends are matching and you have this loop. You're gonna put the loop behind the wood like this and then you're gonna pull the ends through this loop. I'll do this twice. So you just tighten it and it looks like that. So again and you match the ends. So that you have this loop on it on one half and the ends matching on the other half. Put the loop up and over the wood like this and then feed the ends through the loop and just pull. And you can rewind and watch that again if you have questions but right now I have 12 cast on. I like to squeeze them pretty tight just so they're stable and you want to space them up here. Some designs work with them closer together. Some work with them spread out. This one just about even. Okay now I'm gonna teach a square knot. It looks like this. I probably use this one the most in my designs. Well designs I've done like three but in the macromates that I've done. So this one you'll use two that you cast on so there's four strings here. And this one's kind of confusing but I'm trying to keep this video short so you'll just have to rewind it if you have questions. So these two middle ones will just stay straight like this and the two outside ones or the ones you'll be working with. So I start with the right usually and you just cross it over the top like this. Just pinch it there so it'll stay and then you take the left one. You'll go over the one you just looped like that behind the two straight pieces and through this little hole that you have. So up and through like that and then you'll see you have this little crisscross. You just pull that up to the top. That's the first half of the square knot. If you started on the right the first time like we did you'll go with the left side this time cross it over on top. The right one will go over top of that crossed piece like this and then behind the two straight ones and through the loop on this side and pull it up and that is your square knot. And so I'll do that one more time right here. Take the right one, go over the two straight pieces. Oops. Pinch it. Take the left one, go over the one you just crossed behind the two straight pieces and through this loop and then tighten it. And then since we started on the right side we'll go to the left. We'll go over the two straight pieces, take your right piece, go over that, go behind and through the loop. Okay and then you see have that crisscross so you just pull that up and tight. And for this piece I've done that across the whole top here that's a lot of mine start just because it gives you a nice uniform knot. Okay now I'm going to teach you how to do this well designed on the other half. I've just done this. I don't know what they're called like half hitch knots or something. I'm new to this too so I'm not really sure. I'm angled and then square knots in the middle. So let me take you to the other side. I'll take this middle square knot. Now these ones are in the middle they split this section in half right so these are going to be your working or not working. These are going to be your leading ropes so these are going to lead the shape so it'll be a V like this. I'm going to start on the left side so the V will go down about this angle so it'll go under the lead rope. You'll just twist it over but you want to go through this loop right there. So you've made a little loop and then you'll just tighten that to the top. So that's the first half and the second half you'll take the same rope. You just twist it over. Again this rope won't be doing anything. You'll go over the top again but this time you're going to be going through the loop this way. So that was confusing but I'll do a whole bunch. We'll tighten it up to the top. Okay so then we just leave that one there and we move on to the next rope. So again this rope just stays at this angle. You go around this way over and pull this one through that loop. Tighten it and then this time you'll go around over top and go down through the loop. Tighten it and then move on to the next one. Tighten it so that's your angle going to the left. What's nice about this knot is they this is your lead rope. It can kind of slide along that line so you can adjust it after we're a little bit. Now we'll move on to the right side. The hardest part for me was going from left to right. So on the right side this will be the farthest one to the left will be your lead rope. So this is going at an angle. It won't be doing anything. So this rope behind it you're going to go make sure it's crossing over behind always first. It'll go over the top and through the loop. That one's probably hard to see so do that on the next one. And then again same rope over the top like this. So it's over the top and then through the loop. Tighten it. Next rope make sure it's crossing behind first and then it goes over the top like this. So it's just draped over the top and then pull it through the loop. Tighten it again same rope. So I've tied one square knot in the middle of this V and how these other square knots are more unique is I'm not just moving on to the next four strings. I'm going to do two from this knot that we just tied and then two that haven't been used yet. So we just grab these four strings and you'll just do a square knot with these and you'll want to tighten it so it should just be low this one because we're kind of going for this like pyramid shape. Okay to join these two sections together I'm going to do just do a square knot. I'm right here with two from this side and two from this side and then I think I'm just going to do a couple rows of those alternating square knots. So I will show you what that looks like. Okay so I've joined those together with this square knot. Now I'm going to finish this row and then and then I'll show you how to do the alternating on the next row. So I finished this row of square knots. You're going to have two extra ropes on each side that wouldn't make a full square knot when you're tying it because we went from the middle. So now we're going to use those two extra as you can start on either side. You'll grab the first four ropes, tie a square knot and when you tighten it you want to tighten it so it's lined up just below that row you just did because this is going to be our new row. You're going to have a little bit of slack on this side but it's okay because it makes it look cute. It gives it these little scalloped edges kind of going down. So I'll finish this square knot. Okay so on each side you'll have a little bit of slack right there. That's okay though. So now you've got all of your square knots tied and tightened. Now I'll show you one more knot. These are literally the only three knots that I've used and any of the things I make. So it's just like a square knot. So you're going to start, let's see, I'll show you one in the middle. So grab four just directly from the one you did above since we used an even number this time. So you're going to cross over the right, the right above the two middle pinch it, put the left one over the right behind the middle and through that loop you made, tighten that. So that's the first half of a normal square knot but then instead of going left over the two middle you're going to do the same thing. So you're going to go right over the two middle, left over right, cross behind and through the loop and you're just going to keep repeating that for as many times as you want and it's going to make this little twisty rope. Okay so I realized last time you couldn't see the bottom of these but there's a little bit better view of that twist. I stopped right here because I really like it sure you have to twist it the other way. So all of these three are twisting this direction from right to left and for these other ones I'm going to twist them from left to right just so it switches it up a little bit. So instead of crossing over the right first I'm going to cross over the left. So you go left crossing over the top right going over that left cord behind and through just like the second half of the square knot and I'm just going to keep repeating that so the left first and I counted these I did 11 knots so I'm going to do that for 11 knots on this side. I'm going to go right here just do a regular square knot so I started with the right on top first and I'll do the left on top so it doesn't twist. and then there's a couple different ways you can finish pieces you can to make them more complex because one layer can be really simple and cool if you have the right design but like this one would I feel like it needs something else like you can do separate pieces so this can be like the middle piece and then I'll attach a couple more strings on this side and this side and tie some knots to drape it across and I'll show you that on some finished pieces but those are your simple macramé knots. All right so we are done with our macramé piece this is what it looks like not the prettiest probably won't hang this on my wall but it worked out really well to teach you guys the simple knots so we went and have to cast on your rope do the square knots do the half hitch I think is what they're called no idea could make them believe you're wrong sorry if I am. These twisty ropes and then gave you a couple options with how to finish that off I'm going to show you just the finished product so that you have an idea of what you can do in that that you have learned those knots so this is the exact same rope I used in the video just barely this is 30 separate pieces just all put in one so I did a center one right here which is really similar to what we just did and then I did these this little like drape section which I just did strings on this side strings on this side kind of angle them down and then tie them together and then I did what's called a skirt which is you tie a single string across the whole piece and then you cast on exactly like you're casting onto the wood but you cast onto the string and so it makes the skirt really fall and pretty and then I just cut it at a slight angle so just make the lines of this piece um this one you can see on the string is a little bit thinner it's cheaper that way but I had to use a little bit more so I guess it kind of ends up in the same price to make um but I did a center piece I did a twisted rope piece that um I talked in this I did that draped piece and and a skirt so this has four pieces and then I fringed the string there um just on the middle I felt like if I did on the whole thing it'd be too much so I like just that little hint of fringe there and um so that's what I did that so you have almost endless possibilities with just those couple what was it like four different knots that I um talked to me um so thank you so much for watching my first video um if you like it then please subscribe comment if you want to see more mafume or if you have ideas of other DIYs I've fun and posting probably not super regularly because school starts um soon but I will post when I have time and um yes so I hope you guys like it thanks for watching