 I'm here. Hey. My dog used to be white. She likes to roll at the third. Ah, okay. Okay. Time for bath. My wife's gonna wash her dog. I'm gonna get some tomato plants. If you're from one of my other groups and that, you're wondering about the gardener videos. I've been doing that for a year. I'm into high-ponic gardening. Yeah, I do videos on that. So if you're interested, check it out. If not, it will be afraid. Hop off. And I'll catch you next time. My gardening piece, I'm going to get some tomatoes. I'm going to show you how to do a cracking container with it. I've been getting questions about other vegetables and you know, I mainly do leafy greens. But we're going to give tomatoes to try. So, check that out. If you're wondering about it, if you start seeing other content on this channel, I'm going to be doing other things. This is fantastic, one of the things that I want you guys to follow me along. Join me if you're interested in gardening and you kind of like what I've been doing. This other stuff is going to be even better than that. Chi Chi. Chi Chi. Daddy got a Chi. Daddy got a Chi Chi. What do you want? Who is it? Who is it? What? I'm making. Thank you. Look at how hard it is. Look at these we got. It's store. These are called heartbreaker tomatoes. It's supposed to look like little hearts. Never done them before, but we've already got a bunch of tomatoes. And they're only six bucks. So these things ripen up. We got three of them here and it's about $18. Probably got about $18 worth of tomatoes in here if these all ripen up. And we don't get anymore, but. We're going to go ahead and plant these. I'm going to try something with them because. I looked them up the heartbreaker tomato. They come in determinant and indeterminate. And. If y'all can look at other videos and that, but a determinant variety grows like a bush. And the indeterminate grows like a vine. And that's the ones you see where they. They cut off all the suckers and then and use just one or two vines and grow these really tall. So. I thought I could look it up and determine which one it was, but. I can and the little description that came with them didn't tell me so it could be the one. If anybody really knows, you know, shoot me a comment and tell me, but. See like that right there. See, there's a sucker grown off of that. So if this was indeterminate, you want to go and pinch all these suckers off. But we're going to try a little experiment. We bought three of them. One we're going to plant traditional in the ground. See how it goes. And then we're going to plant one. In the hydroponics. I got a clean that up. But I see how these guys are going already. Our collards and kale. Basil. Everybody's got some good growth. And I stuck one or two tomatoes. These are just cherry tomatoes just to give them going in here. But we're going to put one in here. That guy's really far along. So. I'm going to plant him right here because his roots are going to grow like crazy. And it'll block this thing up in about a month or two with so many roots. And what's going to happen is his roots will grow down here. And I don't have this glued on. I'll be able to pop that off and trim off his roots. And you know, if it gets to be clogged up, it's right here before I've made the mistake of. Like sticking it to me to here. And then forgetting about it and this thing gets huge and you get tomatoes off of it and all of sudden you're. Your system is blocked up because the root mass just fills that up. So I'm going to plant one here and see how it does. And I'm going to plant one in a trying to find another container or just pull these. Colors and kale. See if got some more. Got collards all over the place and kale. See this. KLC that's your baby greens. You can keep trimming these off and eating those. So I might switch that out and make that one tomato or try to find my other container. So quick update real quick. Show you how everything's growing tomatoes. A sprouting up this guy back here. He's just taking off already a couple of weeks. So it looks like these guys are doing just about as good as the ones. And the traditional hydroponics. Let's see what my hand about how big they are. But sooner or later with the stagnant water, these guys are growth will get a little stunted. They will only get so big in this container. But the regular hydroponics here, they'll get a lot bigger. And this basil will just grow like a bush. You have to actually keep trimming this and trimming the roots or real clog it up. But see we've been harvesting all of our lettuce. There's not too much left. So a couple more meals. And then I'm going to plant that out with more poctoy. I did that one in the soil. See how that goes to. So all kinds of stuff going on as my hammer and so. Like I said, guys, put these in the container. Let's fill that. That thing's still full. Haven't done anything to it. And these guys just keep on growing. So, you know, if you're planting these in the ground, you either have to have irrigation going on a timer. Or you have to get out here and water it. I haven't touched this thing in about three weeks. And they're all still alive. So that's why I like using the system. See how it's really is. Set it and forget it. So, just quick update and. Pepe tagged me on the Q&A. With all the gardeners are doing. So next week I'll do a little Q&A and then tags more gardeners. It sounds like fun. So. Right. Quick men's update. Things growing like crazy. Look at the leaves on here. So, and this just did reaching about one month. And the water level went down about there. So I just filled it up to about here. No nutrients or anything. And when these guys start looking a little yellow or peacus like they need a little more, I'll put some more nutrients in it. But for right now, I just get a little bit more water. So, one month. Add it about a gallon of water to it. And that's it. These things are just taking. I know it's kind of like a weed. You can plant it somewhere in an old growing yard. But some of them won't have real small leaves. It'll be kind of scraggly. But this guy's looking pretty healthy. All right. We'll just get in most of the soil off. I said this going in the traditional hydroponics, which we have a pump. So if you didn't get, don't get most of that off any big chunks and all that. The stuff will clog your pump up. And you have to turn it off and try to clean it out. It can even hurt your pump. So this is why I like the crack key method. It's because we don't have to worry about stuff like this. At this point, you could take that and put in a crack key container. You're all done. You don't have to worry about it. But I'm going to get the hose and spray that off a little and try to get most of that off. So if you've got most of it cleaned off, there's still a little bit. So I can sit here all day and try and get them out. But hopefully the roots will hold on to most of that. If it didn't come out in the spray. So I got it kind of clean. It's my little pole insert. We're not going to need this little piece here in the middle because the root. It's already big. So when you're doing the little micro greens. That holds too big for the micro greens, but it's just about the right size. Now this guy will just transplanting him. So I'm not going to cut her anything because it's going to go in a shock. So later I'll come in and see all these. Probably trim that up and prune it because we won't need all of those. They left this kind of bushy, but I'm going to cut some of those bond ones off later. But for right now, this is how easy it is. They right in there like that. Is that he might live? He might not, but I think I'm going to go over there. Let me see how he does. We're just going to let him sit like that for a little while. And uh, they'll all straighten himself up and that start growing. And what's going to happen with that busher's out. We're going to remove these, you know, but probably in a couple of weeks. These guys will be ready to eat. So we'll just pull those out and then leave those empty and let him just grow over the front of this. And hopefully you'll do good. If not, we'll have some green to mate us. We're going to do this inside because it's got it raining outside. Let's get a little toad. This is just a 10 y'all on the toe. What we're going to do is I don't like that. It's made in here. What you do is get one of these whole sores. Now this one's got an interchangeable bit. This one I can take off. It's like my two inch. And then I can take it off and put the three inch on there. But there's the reason why I'm doing both of these. And I put the tomato right there in the middle. You see that three inch one? Now this might be different if you get an neck up. These come in different sizes. It depends on how big that lip is. So I found one more. This one fits pretty good. And if I took our pool noodle, just put the tomato in there. Tomato is going to grow really big and heavy. You can do it just a pool noodle. You're just going to have to cut it a little bigger so that it doesn't slip in. And cut that whole little small so it wedges in really tight. But I like using these when I grow a big plant that's going to have a big root system. Since that tomato is already got an established root system on it, I can't just cram it all in there. You know, you could probably trim it and get it in it. But I like to leave as much of the roots intact when I'm transplanting it. So I don't really put it in a shot. These things really easy to block and come off of it. Let's just do that. What we're going to do is put him in there and watch how easy this is. This was $3 at the dollar general. Walmart, I think it's a little more expensive, but it's a piece like that. Little hacksaw blade. Just that easy. Just like the other. What we're going to do is just cut this. There's then you have the whole word, the established plant and fish through there. Sometimes it gets really tight. I've kept a little bit off. That goes that whole up a little bit. And that gets really nice. It's that easy. So that ends up costing about $2.00. I think $1.25. But that's going to go right in the center. Now you're going to be tempted and go wow, there's space here and here and here. And I can put five plants. But you want a larger container. Tomatoes are going to drink a lot of water. And they last a long time. Lettuce. It's going to grow a couple of weeks. You're going to eat it. Get rid of it. Start over. You can put a couple more. Dr. Cracky. He does the Cracky method. So that it takes about a gallon of nutrient solution per head of lettuce. So if you have five of them on here and it's 10 gallons, you're going to have more than enough of that lettuce. Just tomato is going to drink water. If you want it to last, it's going to drink and drink and drink. So unless you want to be out here every couple days, checking the nutrient level and refilling it. And then you get into the problem of how much nutrients your plant drank used up. And how much more you should add and keeping everything in balance. I don't like doing all of that. I'm trying to do things really simple. So I put one plant. I'm going to put enough nutrient solution in here. It's going to last a long time. So I'm going to put just one tomato plant there. And I'm not going to do it holds everywhere. What I am going to do is drill up two inch hole over here so that I can peek inside. And I'll do that right now. Because I already got the two inch bit on there, that way I'll have to change it back and forth. And instead of coming in here to check the nutrient solution and with your plane on top and trying to lift it up and look. I'm going to have a little people here that I can look and water from what's there. You'll see other people have done all the different things, but this is just the way that I do it. Now, when you use one of these, if you watch throughout the videos you'll know, but if this is your first time. When this saw blade, those teeth hit this plastic because you're drilling a pilot hole first. What happens is you're pushing on that drill bit, your pilot hole. When it pops through there, it comes up here and then those teeth grab on. And you drill, if you drill in fast, will twist your wrist right off. So what I do, or if you're holding it really tight, when that bites, it'll tear the plastic up and it'll possible crack it. So you get a drilling reverse. And that might happen to give you a drill and a reverse so your chuck keeps loosening up. That way you don't hurt yourself. That easy. This pool noodle, one dollar, I have the dollar general. Now, you guys might go to Walmart, I think I've seen it for like $3. But these inserts are cut about 48 of them. How to want it? So it comes out to about 2 cents a piece. If you're going $3, you're talking about 6 cents or something, but at any rate, the less than that, that'll be piece. And I'm just going to cut one like this. Alright. That easy that is. I see that's bigger than that 200. Cut it. Cut it out a little piece. If I was using this as an insert, that's the piece that I would take to put right in there. And when you close up your plant, you'd have a little room. You might have to trim that piece a little bit more. But that way you're little transplants. You know, that'll hold it in there. You have like that, your mic green, you can try to put it in there, just fall out. So if you trim this guy up a little, come back in there. That's what you see me. See those little holes? That's where your mic green's been going. You won't squash them. That's just that easy. And I'm just going to do that. And then that's going to keep the rain going in. You know, a little bit might go in, but you know, it's just going to dribble in. You just don't want it overflowing. And when I need to check the nutrient level instead of coming in here, doing like that, I'm just going to come in here, peat, and then I can add to it. See, that was not pushing down really hard that way. I didn't go. If you go boom like that, then you drill. You might end up doing it cuz so deep and cracking all of that. So take your time. Jump this mess in here too. So that does a nice little job there. Alright, that's it. That's simple. Let's go stick it to make it in here. Alright, we just show you guys. It's got tangy allens here. This is how little nutrients you use. When you go to buy it and you're thinking, oh, it's kind of expensive for one pound or two pounds. That tangy allens container. Alright, I'm only going to fill it up once we put it in here to see the roots where it hang down. But this is all we put in it. We've got about 20 grams. It has some master blend, tomato formula, 20 grams calcium nitrate, and 10 grams of epsom salt that you just get at the drugstore. But it's all you put in it. Okay, you can dig in. That will have trash in there. Let it start dissolving a little bit. All right, get it about there. You want to get the water all agitated. If it's all settling in the bottom, I want to mix it up a little. I've seen dealers before just rinse it off in your little pot. I do the nissel that I can save from that soil. I'll dunk that out and that way I don't waste all of that, you know, whole core of garden potting soil. Okay. I'm going to get the water off. Like I said, this is cracking up in there. We don't have any pumps or anything to get stuck. Nothing to clog up. It's just a static system like that. You don't have to worry about getting everything off. That's fine. Just like that. What we're going to do is pop our container in the morning. Got this in a nice sunny spot. I'm not really worried about the location. It's a new place. I'm not sure how good it'll do here. I may have to move it if this gets down low because it's a dark container. That thing I heat up really fast in the sun. That's why I saw one I painted white. We might end up having to paint that white or put some insulation around it or something. I'm going to check the temperature of that as the season goes on here. Right now when it's up about this high, it's only in the 70s right now, low 80s. This isn't going to heat up all that fast because I'm only getting about two hours of sun. And then it's going to get shaved. Right now, let's check this out. Let's see if I can see. There we do. Right there you got a couple of little leaves. Put that right around there. Please all of those guys in three layers. Really guys, it is that you see now I can feel with the weight of this plant. If I just use that full insert and toss it on there, it will not hold it up. And you can use hydrerton. And that's how I started and most of us hydrronic roads started with hydrerton and that. But this comes out a whole lot cheaper. And when you're done, that's easier to rinse out. Hydrerton will get all in the roots. You have to sit there and pull them apart, try to dry it out. Then you have hydrerton that's a lot of work. You can see how simple that is. That thing is two cents if you want to get rid of it and not mess with it. Get rid of it. Get another one. Drop is roots in it. So where are you nose roots are touching. But this thing is so big you won't want to test those roots. Some of these roots you want to be on there. You can see that this is right about there. It's going to end up coming in there. So drop them in. See if he's nice and happy. And what we'll do is... It's because see all the tomatoes, this thing's already got it. It was staked up when I got it. All right guys, I lied. When I moved, I thought I brought my tomatoes cages but I left them all at the old place. So I'm going to have to go get one but for the time being, you saw the pictures that you said were already staked up. I just took the stakes that were in there and the stuff went that little. New look right now. Just holding them up. So I'm going to let him go. So like I said, he's in shock right now. He's getting a little bit of sun. He's got nutrient solution sign. I'm going to let him go for a couple days. If it doesn't get too windy, you can see it's not blowing around too much. It's kind of died down a little right now. And the sun's come out. So hopefully it's not too windy. I'm going to run up to the store. Like I said, I just get a small tomato cage. Flip it upside down. Then down the spikes so you're not gouging your eyes. And put it on top of there. If it gets to where it's wanting to flop over, drill a couple of holes and zip tie it to the top here. Make sure you zip tie it to the hole container. So you won't need to get in there because you'll be able to see in there. When you just zip tie it to the top, it might flop over and pop that top off. With the time being, let's let him go. Next, number one, cracky. Number two, got to clean up. My wife says, see that one's staked up too. It's stuck over there. See how he does. And number three, he's actually in the shade over here. Let me lift you up. He's been there for a couple hours and he's not all wilted up for anything. Oh, look at that. Make sure you don't bring like caterpillar eggs and stuff home with you. But he's been there a couple hours. He's leaving his aunt wilted and he's going to get a little sun in about an hour here. But he looks like he's happy for now. Alright, let me check him in a couple of weeks. Maybe those tomatoes are ripin' up. Maybe we'll get a lot more. So, y'all keep on growing. If you're interested in gardening and you kind of like what I've been doing, the other stuff's going to be even better than that. So, stick with me. If you see other kind of content popping up on my channel, don't be confused. The gardening stuff on that just go by the way side. I'm always going to be around if you got questions. Email, keep on growing without the G and keep on growing. One at gmail.com. Any questions that you got? Ask me all of the information that I have in my head about this stuff. I'm not an expert. I've kind of given you over the whole year. So, there's really nothing new I can give you. It's just putting a new spin on an old thing if that makes any sense. And I want to bring you guys value every time you get on. I'm kind of to the point where I've experimented. I've done things I've taken different things from bio-tensive farming. And Dr. Cracky and Larry Holtz grow to gardening and stuff like that. It makes something for myself that works for me. And I'm going to join it. And I don't see myself evolving. You're doing anything else because it's working. If it's not broke, don't fix it. So, I can keep some videos in that. But I'll just keep showing you the same stuff over and over just in a different way. And I don't want to do that to you. And then you guys just fall by the way side because you're not feeling like you get any value out of it. If we've connected email direct message, comment it in that back and forth over the year. And we made a connection. I don't want to lose you guys because you get bored. When I make a friend, I want you guys to hang around forever. So, you know, I'm not just saying that. So, you're going to see some other stuff. It's my motto, just like my channel, are called Keep on Growing. It's not just the gardening, it's my whole life. You know, once you get to do that way too, that we're all going to grow together. You're fantastic things on the way. Well, I still answer questions about all the gardening stuff. But when you see other things getting much nicer together with this, I'm not going crazy. There's a method to my madness. And I want to take you guys along with me. So, have fun. Well, sorry about that. Have fun. Enjoy the show. And get ready for a wild ride. Keep on growing. A way to feel new content creator. I'm supposed to end it like this. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it.