 Hey guys, so today I'm sharing with you some of my favorite recipes that you could make in a waffle maker. This winter I bought a waffle maker for $10. That's it, a great and barrel, and it has been a lifesaver. I literally use it every single day for meals for Tommy and myself. Obviously, I don't eat waffles every day, so today I'm sharing with you all the different things that I make in my waffle maker. So I'm not going to share every recipe, but I'm going to tell you what you can do. So first thing, you can make pizza crust. Regular or you can even make cauliflower pizza crust. I have a cauliflower pizza crust recipe down below in the more info, one of my favorites. You can follow that recipe to a tea and instead of putting it in the oven, put it in the waffle maker, cook it, and then it's ready to have cheese and sauce on top, a little bit of broil, good to go. You can also make three ingredient cookies all you need are some oats, some chocolate chips, banana, and a little bit of rice. A little bit of almond milk, and there you go, you've got dessert in less than three minutes. One of my favorite recipes for Tommy is an omelette in the waffle maker. All you need is an egg, any vegetables. You could add a little bit of cheese, blend it all together, three minutes, you got an omelette. Another favorite of Tommy's is the grilled cheese. You need bread, obviously, and cheese. Cut around the edges so it's a circle, and then you actually have to press down so it's kind of like a panini press, but it's super easy and efficient to get a lunch in less than five. I also love protein pancakes, and to be honest, it's a little time consuming. It takes a while for the pan to heat up. When I use my waffle maker, it heats up super quick, so I'm able to make a protein pancake in less time with less cleanup. So I'll either do the typical banana egg, protein powder, or I'll use something like birch vendors, which all you have to do is add water, so it's super fast. You have protein pancakes in the morning. This is a gluten-free option. Birch vendors also makes a protein version that I really like as well. You could also take apples, slice them up, so that they're thin, put them into the waffle maker, and cook them. These end up making apple chips that are delicious as a snack or dessert. Another favorite are homemade hash browns. So you can buy potatoes already shredded. You're just going to quickly add a little bit of salt and pepper, a little bit of oil, put them into the waffle maker, and voila, you've got hash browns in under five minutes. If you haven't bought a waffle maker yet, you're missing out. Like I said, mine only cost $10. It doesn't require much storage to keep it. I don't have a microwave, so this is super helpful when I need to make breakfast really quick and get out the door. If you guys have another suggestion on what you can make in your waffle maker, leave it down below in the more comments. Thanks for watching. I'll see you next Tuesday.