 Now I brought some fresh okra the other day that I need to cook so I am going to attempt to fry okra in the air fryer for the very first time. I was looking on YouTube again searching for while searching the internet actually just doing my Google search. Found a couple recipes that I'm gonna like mesh together to make on my own. One thing was from cooking with Doug. He actually did fried okra in his air fryer and then I'm gonna mix a little bit of what he did along with what I saw from lazy crazy vegan or cheap lazy vegan. Maybe lazy cheap vegan. Oh shut let me see if I left it up. Cheap lazy vegan. So cheap lazy vegan. She had actually did cauliflower. She did fry cauliflower in her air fryer so I'm gonna kind of mix the two of their recipes together and figure out what to do. So the first I got to get the slice in and dice and at least slice it up this okra and we will get to fry. So I am going to be using fresh okra not frozen so I'll cut the tip here and the end here. They say about a fourth end so I guess I'll get about four or five pieces if it's about this size and I'm gonna season it up with probably some pink Himalayan salt maybe some pepper probably a little bit of lorry. I'm planning to coat it with the egg first and then I will coat it with actual almond flour so let's see how this turns out. Alright I've cut the okra not a whole lot because it's only me to eat it so I didn't do too much. Gonna crack an egg whisk that up then I'll add a bit of almond flour to the baggie and get ready to batter it all up. Here we go. So I have the okra cut up and then my little bite sized pieces now and I am going to take the egg that I mixed up and I'm actually just gonna pour the one egg over the cut up okra that I have. I did put some season in on the okra I did a little bit of onion powder a little lorry season and salt and a little bit of black pepper. I put a little bit of pink Himalayan salt within my egg. So again I'm just gonna pour the egg right once you get it to do a little coating one there mix it around this a bit get everything evenly coated nice easy simple again my first time doing this so fingers crossed and it turns out well for me. I'm making this to go with some I had put some mixed greens and some ham hops in the crop pop last night for dinner so there will be mixed greens and fried over. So again nice easy simple is able to get that coated up pretty good next what I'm going to do I add it just a little bit of almond flour as you can see just a very little bit of almond flour that I will I'll put this in pieces in here and then I'll be adding that to the air fryer. Stuff a couple pieces in and see what happens right I made me to put more almond flour I didn't want to use too much and like wasted you know I used to have flour in the back to fry up your chicken and then you have all the extra flour that you used for the next month and a half yeah I was hoping not to do this with almond flour. So nice easy simple nice little coat on it up can you see here nice little coat on it so this will go into the air fryer so I'll finish coating it and then I'll put it into the air fryer and we'll have it on 400 degrees for four minutes so 400 degrees for four minutes. Here's my air fryer I have the power air fryer extra large to a copper insert and one of the YouTube videos that I watched again I told you I watched cooking with Doug and also lazy chief vegan to determine how to do this. One of them he the guy he actually sprays this fryer first so I've got a little with this Pam olive oil spray that I'll just spray into here. There's a little coat and then we will just add the okra to the basket and we will get to cook it. Alright here goes. Rinse in the leftover almond flour and add it to my finger. I guess I could have used put more okra I was afraid to put too much in here but we'll see what happens with a little bit. Oh I have more than oh I'm thinking I put everything in here. Well this would be our test. Look I have this much more still left I'm like why isn't it all in here a little bit because I didn't put it all in. Oh well this would be our first test. So again let's talk to do it on 400 but only four minutes. Told you I haven't used this much so 400 temp for four minutes here we go. Alright we'll see what we get in four minutes. So at the two minute mark I did pull it out and shake it just to see what's what so we'll see what happens within these next two minutes and since then I have added the rest to my baggie now it's these borrowed up to go in the next pack so let's see what happens. Alright now crunchy enough for me after four minutes so I'm going to put it in for another two let's see what happens. Alright down to the final moments waiting for the final day. Almost hopefully they're crunchier than they were at least the way they look. Alright there we go. Let's see. Oh yeah even here a little crisp and again it's almond flour so of course it's light in color. See nice golden. Let me come down a little bit. Nice golden brown and you smell real good. That would definitely be fried okra. Too hot to try though. I'm going to put the rest of the man in and I'll try this later after it cools a little bit. I have the rest of the okra in the air fryer cookie now so let's taste test one. Alright let's see if you can hear the crunch. It's good though. It's fried okra. That was hot. But it is tasty. Crunchy and good. So ok I would fry okra again in the air fryer. I definitely would. Not bad. Not bad at all. And being fresh hope. I definitely would. Definitely a thumbs up. Again took a couple of pointers from cooking with Doug and cheap lazy vegan or lazy cheap vegan one of the two. I might see the simple. It's going to be good along with my green or smoked ham pies. Alright until next time folks. Take care. Alright I'm about to enjoy the okra and adding some of my Frank's Rea sauce to it. You guys do that as well. Again it tastes really good. Like I said, and this is going to take it over the top. Yum yum yum yum. This will be delicious. Just a little bit of Frank. Have a good night.