 Hello ladies and gentlemen, this is your chef from Groose Cooking dot in with Bature Delhi style. In order to make these Bature which inflate all by themselves in an easy way, watch this video instructions and you will be right there. Please make a note of the ingredients. Grab a bowl to which you add 300 ml of lukewarm water. This water should neither be too hot nor too cold. It should be just lukewarm. As a test you can insert your finger and you should be comfortable keeping your finger in there. Add 2 teaspoons of sugar and give it a nice mix until the sugar molecules dissolve completely in this water. Now we will be adding in 2 teaspoons of active dry yeast. Remember yeast loves to eat sugar and warm water but if the water is too warm or hot, it will kill the yeast. So the water should be only lukewarm. Now we will keep this mixture aside for around 7 minutes or until it tastes like beer. It's been 7 minutes after which we have grabbed another bowl to which we will be adding 500 grams of all purpose flour or meta. For seasoning add 1 teaspoon of salt, followed by 1 teaspoon of baking soda. The yeast, sugar and water mixture that we had kept aside for 7 minutes, add 70% of it now and knead it with your hands. Add 1 tablespoon of olive oil. In case you do not have olive oil, you can add any other vegetable cooking oil. Knead it once again gently and you may need more water. So the 30% water yeast and sugar content that you had left aside, use little by little until you find the right consistency. Make sure once you have kneaded this nicely, you keep this dough aside for around 5 minutes. This way gluten will be released in these 5 minutes and that will make your dough even more softer and moist. After 5 minutes of leaving the dough aside and letting the gluten create, now grab a plank to which you sprinkle a little flour. This way your dough will not stick to the bottom. Now grab the dough and knead it very nicely by folding it once and again, again and again for 10 minutes at least. The more you knead it, the better your baduras will come. That is the secret to making the best baduras. I have kneaded it already for 10 minutes and you can see how soft and moist it has come. Isn't it amazing. Now we'll smear a little olive oil on our palm and smear it on top of this ball. Grab a clean and dry bowl to which you'll sprinkle a little olive oil to the inside by putting it on your palm. This way your dough will not stick to the walls of this glass vessel. Now cover this with a film which is nothing but a cling film and keep it aside for at least 2 hours in a dry and warm place. If the place where you're keeping it is at room temperature that is also good. At 2 hours it will blow up just the way you see. Isn't it amazing. It's been 2 hours. It has bloated up amazingly high and if I try to instead of finger or if I try to punch this, you will see a lot of air coming out. See how gluity it is and how moist. So remove all the air content by squeezing it in between your hands and now grab a little handful of it in your hand which we will make into a round ball and rotate it in the clockwise or anti-clockwise direction the way you're comfortable and try to create a very firm ball like this. It's time for us now to create a flat bread out of this. So sprinkle a little very less, very less all purpose flour and try to create a flat bread out of this by rolling it with your rolling pin. Make sure you do not add too much dry flour. The only amount of dry flour you add is to make sure that it doesn't stick to the bottom or to your rolling pin. You can roll this in any shape. In round and elongated you can even make dinosaurs out of this. It doesn't really matter. What matters is you roll it nicely. Make sure it doesn't tear. Make sure it doesn't go too elongated and once you roll it make sure you puff off all the all purpose flour which is dry that is what you have added here and grab a cut eye in which you add vegetable cooking oil when the oil is hot enough drop your batura and just watch it blow up. One tip is if you mingle with it with your ladle and keep poking it it will come up and inflate pretty soon. So do try to do that. It always helps in inflating your baturas. Now you can make it in this elongated way or you can also use any other shape. For example I've used a round shape here as well. Let me show you that also here it is. So once again don't forget to poke it and play around with it. Just be comfortable that you don't spill oil anywhere outside the cut eye. So be careful be merry enjoy the bloated baturas with some amazing chana masala. Ladies and gentlemen this is batura enjoy deli style. Thank you so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed watching this video. Please post your comments in the comments section below once you make this batura and if it turns out well also post some pictures which I can share on my facebook page. Thank you once again. Have fun.