 Alright, in this video we're working on the drive pulley. I basically got this pulley all pretty much done glued together and everything. I was doing the video and I'll let you see for yourself here what happens and then we'll go on with the new wheel that I'm going to be making. I'm not going to be using this one. So check that out. Well, this crooked is a dog's handling. I'm going to take that thing back off of there. What's going to be a pain? Well, as you can see, this drive pulley was wobbling on there like unreal how much it was wobbling. So, it was going back and forth like this and we can't have that on that belt. I think what it was is the gentleman that actually cut these out for me, cut them out with a hand drill. So the hole that was going through the center may not have been exactly straight. So I'm going to do another one and I'm going to take a different approach to it because I need that 5-8 hole in the center. This hole, I need a 5-8 hole. So I'm going to go about a little bit different. This time I'm going to use just two blocks of wood and there are going to be one inch each board. It's a rough cut lumber. I'm going to use one inch. I'm going to glue them together and then I'm going to drill my hole in the center. I'm going to mark it out, drill the hole in the center and then I'm going to take a bandsaw and cut the outside of the circle. And then I'll sand it up and see if I can get it to run a little bit truer than this one here. As you see, I was bad as a dog's eye and I could tell you that. So let's get on with the video. Alright guys, I screwed up another one. So this is number one, this is number two and this is number three and I finally got it on the motor and it seems semi-round. So what I did is I clamped the motor down here and I clamped a piece of pipe here. Actually, I welded this piece of pipe on here, square tubing. So I can use a chisel, wood chisel or whatever and try to make this thing semi-round. If you know this, when you look out at there, I cut it with the bandsaw and it's kind of chunky looking. But we're going to try to make this thing around. Man, this is a tough one. This is probably the toughest one I've ever done and I don't have any chisels for actually a lathe. But I got some wood chisels. I don't know if they'll be the same or not. They're just carving chisels. It kind of looked the same as one. We're going to give it a try. We'll see what happens. We'll go again here and get this plugged in. It's not too awful, man. I'm going to try here as soon as it happens. Hopefully it don't blow up on me. That's probably really... I honestly don't know how this thing is going to turn out. They don't look that awful bad. It's still got a wobble to it back up north this way. It's got a tiny little wobble to it. But I'm going to... I'm going to give it a try, I think. I think it should be okay. But if the forest comes to worst, I'll order a dispool if I have to. We're going to give this a try for sure. But it does have a little bit of wobble to it. I'm going to try to get a little bit more out of it. We're going to give it a go on our sander. I don't have the pulley glued on there, which I may just order the pulley. I mean, I see guys making them. But man, I am not a woodworker. I cannot work with wood for nothing. So anyhow, I had this belt on a couple of times trying to line it up and everything. And I've gotten it about the best that I can. I'm running pretty good, but I'm not running in the center of this pulley back here. And it's off. But let me show you how it runs here. It seems like it got a lot of vibration, but I think it might have something to do with this rear pulley. And maybe the front ones might need to turn down on the legs a little bit. That's pretty loud too. Yeah, that's pretty loud. That may be from it, but I'm going to tape them to a little bit. So let me give this a clamp down here. That might help. Now you gotta realize I'm not using any blue print. I'm just doing it the best that I know how of YouTube videos, all the YouTube people out there. I've been watching their videos. I'm just trying to make something similar, but I'm just trying to add my little twist to it. Just try it again and see what happens this time. Not much quieter. So we're rubbing up there. The belt, just a little bit more good. It burns about. It's cool and about. I'm not sure if I have it hung enough. It's running with an awful lot of noise, but I may take these off like I said and turn these down a little bit so I get them a little truer and maybe just over the back wheel. I think that's what we'll do. I'm just going to go ahead and order this back wheel. The drive pulley. And then we could still use the roller skate wheels. I mean that's at least ways those we don't have to buy. And I got a full nutter set of bearings if I need them. And I think if I turn these down because I can see them wobbling a little bit, if I can get them turned down a little bit, I think that will take the wobble out or some of the vibration that I have. All right. Instead of this video being like a complete bust because I really didn't get anything accomplished on that wheel, it's still not going to run true. I can't get it to run true. I don't know that I even have the tools to make it run true. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to give you absolutely every measurement that I can on this so far what I got done. We're going to start off with a base. Let me get you in here a little closer. We're going to start off with the base. And the base is 12 inches by 20. Now the legs from here down on mine they are 6 inches. So that's two of these at 6 inches. Now this piece, let me get rid of this. I'm going to take this piece out. And I'll give you this measurement from here to here. It's 16 inches. Now this piece here coming upright, I started it 4 inches. And this one down here is starting with about, you could say, 1 and 3 quarter. And this leg over here starts about 12 and 3 quarter. So it's 12 and 3 quarter from this side. 12 and 3 quarters over to here. Now this knob that I put in here to tighten this down, it's setting it about 13 and a half inches. And I thought I said that was a 5-16th bolt and not, and you know I can get this as long as you can. That way you could bend it. Now we'll go with the upright right here. Get this guy up here. This piece right here will give you the measurement on it. It's 7 and 3 quarter. Our spring on the inside, let me see if I can get something down in here and get him out. Let me see if there's something in there. Okay this spring is about, it's about 4 and a half, not quite 4 and a half. It looks like 4 and 3 eighths, say 4 and a half inch spring. And it's about 3 quarters inch in diameter. About 3 quarter inch in diameter. Now this piece here, this is our tensioner here or our guide, helps keep the belt on. The main piece coming down is about 6 and 5 eighths. I don't know, it's 8 and 5 eighths, but here's the thing. Now here's the kicker. On the bottom here I weld the plate. So this is about 8 and a half inches. And I weld a little 8 inch plate on the bottom here with that hole. Now that's going to be for my cable to go through. And then this is just the 5, 16th bolt and you can do the same thing with the T, same thing. Little quarter inch bolt through here. My square tubing, let me give you the sizes on my square tubing. It's an inch and a quarter to the outside on this stock. This stock here is going to be about 1 inch. It's this 1 inch, this is inch and a quarter. Don't forget we had to file out the inside. All those seams on the inside, I had to file out. This piece here, this little thing that swivels up and down is about 2 and a half inches. And I just basically put the nut down on the bottom. Now you've got to watch in order to get a little bit of tilt to the inside, you have to grind off some of your nut. So it'll actually go back a little bit against it. So I think, okay, we'll go to this piece here. This piece here, this is a piece of the 1 inch stock and 1 inch stock is 11 inches. So that's 11 inches coming out the front. This I thought I said was about, I'm going to say it's about 12 inches. It's about 12 inches on this piece here. And then I indented it in so I can get my rest up against the back of the sandpaper. So that's why I cut this groove out there and you can see that in the other video. And I think I gave you from center to center on that one. So that's what I've gotten done so far. I do think tonight I'm just going to go ahead and order the drive pulley. That way I can have it done. I just want to get the project done. It's a little bit tough and I'm going to turn these wheels down a little bit on the front. I'm going to go ahead and stick these in the lathe because they have a little bit of a wobble to them. I'm going to try to get it out of them. This one here is actually really nice to screen one. So I'm going to try to just take them, stick them in the lathe and just maybe somebody said take an orbital sander over them and try to get them nice and flat. And that's what I'm going to do. I'm just going to do it to best I can do. And hopefully we can get some of that vibration out of it. So that's the end of this one. The next one I'm hoping we're putting the drive a new drive pulley on it and getting the motor mounted on it and we have some legs. We're going to put on this and rubber legs. It's going to keep hopefully keep some of the vibration down and we're going to be putting in the tensioner. We're going to be putting in the cable and the latch for this thing. This is I'm going to actually have it to where it'll compress down and hold itself down while I'm changing the belt. And then I can release it and the pressure will come back on and it'll be fine. I can use two hands to put the belt on if I want and not have to worry about pushing this down. And hopefully we can be working on this plate up here in the guide. And actually I got some other pieces for the rest. The tool rest. I can slide this over here a little bit. Get you guys over here. Whoops. Sorry. Sorry. I went in and picked up a piece of this square stock at that Huntington steel. That's what I really like to get my metal. These guys treat me good and I've been leaving links down at the bottom. If you guys want to know where I'm getting the sandpaper, the belts and the steel. That's where I'm getting it. Huntington steel is where I'm getting the steel. In this piece here I had to sand out the inside of it the same way as I did the other one to get it to fit in it. It's still a little bit snug but sometimes it goes in different directions. It may have a little bit of a, you know, it is, you know, a little warped or whatever. It is metal. But that fits right on the inside and we're going to be putting our rest up here. So we'll be able to take this rest on and off and we'll put a bolt, same way, attention around this side, the same way we did for this piece here. So all I can say is stay tuned. I hope this is helping you guys out because it's been one heck of a project for me and actually I'm kind of enjoying it. It's just a little rough. I'd like to tell everybody thanks for watching the video. Don't forget to subscribe. Leave me thumbs up. Thumbs down there. Comment if you'd like. Till next time.