 Guys, so I will be sharing how to make cinnamon roll with cream cheese icing. For the first dough we need 2 thirds cup of warm water, 1 package of cheese which is 7 to 8 grams, 1 tablespoon of sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup of bread flour. If you don't have bread flour, you can use plain flour. So, the first thing we need to do is to prove the yeast. We just want to make sure that our yeast is still alive. So, I'm combine the warm water with sugar and then the yeast. We're going to leave this to rest for about 5 to 10 minutes or until when the yeast is bubbly, just like this and now we can move on to the next step. A bowl, combine the bread flour and the salt, then add the yeast mixture. Then give it a mix. And then cover it with cling wrap, put it in a warm spot and let it rest for about 45 to 1 hour until it doubles in size. 2 thirds cup of milk, 60 grams of melted butter, 1 cup of sugar, 1 egg, this is 3 cups of bread flour but I added 2 tablespoons extra which I'll show you later and this is the dough one that we have rested for about 40 to 50 minutes. In my stat mixer I'm putting the milk melted butter. Okay. The egg, the sugar. I will just mix this. The eggs here will not mix yet. If you don't have a stand mixer you can need the dough by hand. Test the temperature of the liquid ingredients, make sure that it's warm, not hot. Now I'm adding the dough that we prepared before. And now I'm going to start the kneading process but begin with the lowest setting of the stand mixer. I'm going to add the flour slowly. So I'm adding half a cup at a time. So now I'm going to add the last addition of the flour. At this point we're going to check the consistency of the dough. If it's too sticky we're going to add a tablespoon at a time. So that's the first tablespoon that I added. At this point I feel that my dough is still sticky so I'm going to add one more heaping tablespoon. You need to be able to knead the dough for about 8 to 10 minutes. So this is now ready. We're going to stop the mixer. I'm going to grab a bowl and then put about a tablespoon of oil into the bowl. Lightly knead your dough and form it into a bowl. Just like this and then we will gently roll this into the oil and then we will cover this in cling wrap and let it rise for about one or or until it doubles in size. Now we're going to move on to the filling. I have one cup of brown sugar, three tablespoons of cinnamon and one third cup of butter. Combine the brown sugar and the cinnamon. Give it a mix and then we will set this aside while we're waiting for the dough to rise. Also it's important to prepare your pan. Line it with parchment paper. I'm using 9 by 13 inches baking pan. So my amdou has doubled in size so we're ready to roll out the dough. So we just kind of roll the dough into a rectangular shape about one four inch thickness. So I rolled my dough about 19 by 13 inches. Just like this and now we're going to spread the room temperature butter. And now we're going to evenly distribute the cinnamon brown sugar mixture. Next step we're going to roll the dough into a Swiss roll. Now I'm just going to cut the ends of the dough. We don't need this. And then using a umphishing line or dental floss, cut the dough or a knife. At first I'm using phishing line and then I switched to my amdou scraper. I cut my dough about one and a half inches thick. It's so much easier for me just to use my amdou scraper. And then place each dough into the baking pan. And then we will let this rise for about 45 minutes in a warm spot. And while that is rising we're going to move on to a cream cheese icing. I've got one and a half cup of icing sugar, half a cup of butter, four ounces or 125 grams of cream cheese, or half a block of the cream cheese, one teaspoon of vanilla and one tablespoon of milk. Make sure the cream butter and cream cheese is at room temperature so it's easier to mix. So we're just going to combine these two together until they are well combined, just like this. Okay should we scrape down the side of the bowl? Once the butter and cream cheese is well incorporated we can add the vanilla, give it a mix. And then we can add the one and a half cups of powdered sugar. So at this point I'm going to add the milk, half a tablespoon at a time. So you can get the right consistency of the icing. Now I'm going to add the half tablespoon of milk. And now this is ready we will set this aside. So after about 45 minutes the dough has doubled in size so make sure that your oven is preheated at 180 degrees Celsius and bake this for about 20 to 22 minutes or until the top is slightly brown. And this is what it looks like after baking. Now I'd like to wait for about 25 to 30 minutes before I could ice the top of the cinnamon rolls. So let it cool down a bit. So after about 25 minutes this is still a little bit warm. I'd like to put my cream cheese icing in two coatings. So first I will put half of the cream cheese icing. So because this one will am melt slightly. So after I spread half of the icing I would stop and wait for at least two minutes before I spread the rest of the icing. So this is after two minutes I'm going to spread the rest of the icing now. So we get half slightly melted and this will stay intact. So and this is the finished product. I hope you give them a try. This I'm cinnamon rolls is really good. And it stays soft for a couple of days. And just to show you what it looks like. Inside of the cinnamon rolls. This is very soft and I guarantee you will not regret making this. And this is the inside. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you again next week. Bye!