 Before I start this video, can we just appreciate this giant ass gold medal? Plush my sister got me for my birthday. This is the life I've always wanted to live. I'm going to be doing a video of my own shirt a couple weeks ago. I had a lot of questions asking how I made it. If you want to know how I made my own t-shirts, keep watching. Alright, so we're going to want to google the images that you want in my t-shirt. Today I'm making a Pokemon t-shirt, so I just googled Pokemon PNG. And I'm saving the images to my computer that I like. Once you have the images that you like, you want to reverse the image, own your preferences and change it to labels. I suggest printing it onto a normal piece paper before you print it onto your transfer paper, just so you know exactly what it's going to look like before you waste your transfer paper. Once you're happy with your design, you can go ahead and print it onto your transfer paper. You're going to want to press together the red sheet with the green sheet. You're going to be pressing these together at 210 degrees Fahrenheit with light pressure for 15 seconds. You're going to want to peel them while they are still hot. And your image will be left with a film. You're going to throw out this piece of paper. It's useless. Okay, so now I'm just cutting out my images. You don't have to cut too close to the image because this is self-weating paper, so you won't see the background anyways. Once you have the images lined up in the shirt the way you want it, you're going to want to press them together for 30 seconds at 375 degrees Fahrenheit. Wait for your shirt to totally cool and then peel off the paper to reveal your beautiful shirt. So next I will be printing white onto a black shirt. As you can see my printer is a little messed up, but they don't show up too much in the end print. Okay, so the reason that you print in black is because you're going to be using a second transfer paper, which has, I'm pretty sure it's called a molded in on it, so it's going to change your black ink to white. Okay, so the papers that give you are two different sizes, so mine was a little bit too short, so I cut a piece of the top to use on the side. You're going to be pressing these papers together with medium to heavy pressure for 20 seconds at 250 degrees Fahrenheit. Peel them while they are still hot. So as you can see there is a film over top of the black and the corner didn't turn out. So again I just placed my paper on top of my t-shirt. At 375 degrees Fahrenheit I'll be pressing my t-shirt together with a heavy pressure for 25 seconds. So let your paper cool completely on your shirt and then once it's cool you can start peeling to reveal your beautiful design. As you can see I messed up the corner a little bit and where my printer leaves those little nicks. Thank you guys so much for watching. This is how I make my shirts. Hopefully I answered all of your guys' questions. I also want to say thanks for 20k Instagram followers. If you don't follow me on Instagram already I will also leave that in my description box. Hello! Bye! That was so obnoxious. I'm so sorry.