 Hello ladies and gentlemen I'm here with a new recipe. Spinach spring rolls recipe. I have prepared way in advance I boiled the spinach dehydrated. I'm going to make spinach, spinach, and onion. I'm going to make spinach, and I'm going to make the spinach. I'm going to make the onion and onion. Chop the onions go a long way in. Nice thin slice. I grind the onions to the pot I'm adding it. Add the sunflower oil up to a quart of liquid. Add the garlic. Cook the onions a little. I'm going to add the onion. I'm going to add the spinach. I'm going to add the spinach. I'm going to add the spinach. I'm going to add the spinach. I'm going to add the spinach. I'm going to add the spinach. I'm going to add the spinach. I'm going to add the spinach. I'm going to add the spinach. You can see the difference between fresh vegetables frozen vegetables. We're cooking the onions a bit. I'm going to add the spinach. I'm going to add the spinach. I'm going to add the spinach. I'm going to add the spinach. I'm going to add the spinach. I'm going to add the spinach. I'm turning off the stove. I'll add the sauce into a pie I'm making. 30 I'm breaking eggs. 40 pieces I'll make a pie. A total of 150 persons will be. I'm adding to weight yogurt. I'm adding a liter of liquid sunflower oil. I'm adding 4 liter milk. I'm adding some sugar. I'm adding a liter of sugar. I'm going to divide the stuffing into equal parts spinach. I'm buttering the inside of the tray already pie. I'm using Yufka bread ready. Add the sauce and I prepared the pastries I wet. I'm going to add the sauce and I prepared the pastries I wet. I'm going to add the sauce and I prepared the pastries I wet. I'm going to add the pastries I wet. I'm going to add the pastries I wet. I'm going to add the sauce and I prepared the pastries I wet. I'm adding an equal amount of the spinach. You can add spinach instead of potato. You can add ground beef. You can make cheese use of material. I add the sauce the dough won't be dry again. I'm going to add the sauce and I'm going to put the pastries in the pan. I'm going to put the pastries in the pan. I'm adding it to the tray of pastries. I'm going to add the pastries I wet. I'm going to add the pastries I wet. I'm going to add the pastries I wet. I'm using the factory made sheets. I'm going to add the pastries I wet. I'm going to add the pastries I wet. I'm going to add the pastries I wet. I'm going to add the pastries I wet. I'm going to add the pastries I wet. I'm going to add the pastries I wet. I'm adding it pies in the oven. I'm going to add the pastries I wet. Cook on medium heat for 40 minutes or an hour. I'm going to add the pastries I wet. I add water to the dough for 15 minutes and I'm keeping on waiting. I'm going to add the pastries I wet. I'm going to add the pastries I wet. I'm going to add the pastries I wet. I'm going to add the pastries I wet. I'm going to add the pastries I wet. Bon Appetit. I would like to thank you for watching my video. I'm going to add the pastries I wet.