 I want to sing this song. This is my last song. I'm just going to sing three songs. We've heard enough of these compty hall songs tonight. But no, listen, I'm retired here. The rest of these guys, they're used to working. They're up, you know. I go to bed at dark and get up at daylight. And last couple of weeks, I've been missing the news. You know, I wake up in the morning and say, the world's still going around and what? Get dark early. I was doing a show done in Miami Beach, Florida one time with George and Tammy and Ray Price. They booked us down there for the Democratic National Convention. And what happened four years earlier, the hippies had torn up the convention in Chicago. So they moved it down to Miami and to keep the hippies quiet. They had us put on a big country music show over in Flamingo Park. And it worked. All those kids came over there to hear us pick and sing. And it was the quietest convention the Democrats ever had. In fact, it was so quiet, they nominated it as just keep-off for president. You all probably never heard about that. But it was a real quiet convention. And I went back to the hotel after the show to have a nightcap, which was my custom at the time. I haven't had a drink. I guess 20 years. But Johnny Cash gave me a tip about drinking. John told me one time, he said, you know Tom G. says, he says, look who it's drinking. And I said, really? He said, yeah, he said, it makes me break out. Dallas, Fort Worth, Windows, Doors. So I gave it up to him. But I went back to the hotel, have a nightcap and met this old fellow. And he had a great philosophy of life. I got on an airplane the next morning when looking for something in my pocket. And I found this napkin. And it said, watermelon wine on it. So I got, I did everything to ride on. I found a pencil and I got out a sick bag. And I wrote this song on the back of a sick bag. And I kind of wish I'd still had it because I've sung this song so much. And I throw up right at the end of it. Now this is a good little story. Great old fellow. Somebody said, you know this was a big hit song. Why don't you go back down to Miami and find that guy? And buy him a new car. I said, look, this is the wisest, smartest, happiest, calmest gentleman I've ever met. Why didn't the hell would I go down there and screw up his whole life? I did write a song about him though. Oh, I got another one. I don't sing these songs on the key or wrote a man. But I don't, I guess the band you can just talk each other while I do this. I don't know. All right. How old you think I am, you said? I said, well, I didn't know. He said, you know, I turned 65 about all 11 months ago. And I was sitting in Miami pouring blood with me when this old grey black junk was cleaning up the land. Well, that wasn't anyone around said this old man. Guy who ran the bars watching iron sides on TV. And uninvited, he sat down in the open. And he said, oh, I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. He told me all about it though I didn't answer that. He said, aim with three things in this world. Work the solid tailed down, set all dogs in children. And water them all in wine. He said, you know women, they think about themselves. Well, when men put in a row, they and friends are hard to find when they discover that you're done. He said, I tried it all. When I was young and in my natural life. Now it's old dogs and children. And water them all in wine. He said, you know dogs, they care about you. Even when you make mistakes. And God bless little children. I was still too young. They wouldn't move away. I found my pen and I copied down my fly. Bout old dogs and children. And water them all in wine. Well, I had to catch a plane up to Atlanta the next day. So I left for my room. I saw him picking up my chin. And that night I dream in a peaceful sleep of shady summer. I'll hold dogs and children. And water them all in wine. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Let me say one more thing. I'll say one more thing. It is not possible. But I wish that you folks could have had as much fun tonight as I've had. Thank you. Thank you. Tom T. Hall.