 Today I am going to show you how to make witch table curry puffs. So these are the required ingredients for making witch table curry puffs. I am using puff pastry to make the curry puff. This is the brand that I use. This puff pastry sheets I got from Walmart store. They will be in the frozen section. For witch table curry here I have potatoes, carrots and beans. I have diced them into cubes and I boiled them in the pressure cooker for about 1 whistle. 1 cup of finely chopped onions. Salt as per taste. Oil 2 tablespoons. Turmeric a pinch of it. Here I have ginger garlic paste 2 tablespoons. Chili powder as per your taste. I have chillies 2 chillies chopped. I have coriander powder about 1 tablespoon. Coriander leaves finely chopped for decoration. I have milk and 1 spoon of sugar mixed together. I will use it in the end to just coat the puffs before baking. So this is optional. Let's begin the procedure. Take a pan and heat it. Once it is heated add 2 tablespoons of oil. Once the oil is heated you can add the chopped onions. Fry them until they become translucent. Now onions have turned into translucent. We can add the chillies and also the ginger garlic paste. Add a pinch of turmeric. Also salt as per taste and mix everything together. See everything mixed together and fry the onion well. Now it's time to add the chilli powder. Adding here a teaspoon of chilli powder. Also coriander powder. Mix them together. They need to fry for about a minute. Now everything is fried really well. Now let's add up a bit of water. So that everything is ready in. Now we can add our boiled vegetables. Add everything together at once. Now we can add 1.5 cups of beans. You can take any vegetables that you like. You can add cauliflower. Mix everything together and cook for about 2-3 minutes. Mix everything together and sauté for about 2-3 minutes until everything comes together. You can even mash it really well so that it comes together. Now you can see everything came together. But that has mashed a little bit. So that is what we required. You can check the salt and if you need you can add more. I checked the salt and I wanted a bit more. So I am adding it now. You can adjust your salt and garnish it with the freshly chopped coriander. Mix everything really well. You need to let this mixture rest until it cools down really well. Then we can use it for making vegetable curry puffs. I have taken the puff pastry sheets out and let them defrost because they will be easy to work with. Spread the puff pastry sheet like this and cut it into required shapes. I am making a rectangular shaped curry puffs. So I am going to cut it into a rectangular shape. Once they are defrosted they are easy to work with. They are easy to cut. You can add the curry that we have made. On to the sides we can apply some milk or water so that the dough sticks really well. You can just press onto the sides so that the cut doesn't come out while baking. Let's place them into a baking pan. And also work on the remaining dough and make similar puffs. I have completed all the puffs. I have got six puffs with a single sheet. Now let's coat it with milk and sugar mixture that we have here. This is optional. This will just give you an additional shine on the top of the curry puffs. Some people use a gouache. Here I am using milk and sugar. As you can see I have left some room in between each puff because they are going to puff up. So they will be needing some room to puff up. I have preheated my oven to 370 degrees Fahrenheit. Once we are done with the coating we can place this pan into the oven and bake it for about 40 minutes. Also you need to keep checking them in between so that they won't burn. It's been 40 minutes and you can see they have baked really well. You can tap them and see you need to get a hollow sound. And you can see at the bottom they have had a brownish colour. So this is the colour that we made. Do not consume them immediately. Just cool them for a bit because the inside curry will be really hot. So we need to rest them for about like 20 minutes before we start consuming them. Hope you like my video. Thank you for watching.