 Hi, I'm Mark Govann with ABC Pest Control in Largo, Florida. A lot of people ask us how we get rid of grain moths. Well, grain moths are a real bad problem in people's homes, especially people that have birds. And they buy a lot of bird feed because a lot of the grain moths live in the actual kernels of corn and sunflower seeds that we actually get inside of our bird mix. Well, how can you get rid of that? Well, first of all, number one thing is to find the source of where they're coming from. Now, this could mean going through a lot of your spice cabinet or in a lot of areas where you might have even your pet food and looking to see where you might find any larva. Well, how are you going to find these larva? They're very, very small. And to give you an indication, here's just a regular old can of soup. And a lot of times what we look for when we're going through a customer's home is we're going to take the wrapper off of the can and then we'll look inside where the little grooves are under the wrapper. And that's where we usually find a lot of our larva. So it's very hard to determine. A lot of times what we'll tell people is to go ahead and take the cans and actually put them into some warm water and wash the cans off and then dry them off and eliminate the labels. Another thing to look for are any spots or holes in any of your food's stuff, any type of boxes of cereal or grains or rice. You can see little tiny holes. If you see that in your packaging, when you bring home from the grocery store, just throw it away and get rid of it. Once you have a problem in your home, you're going to have to call a professional. I highly recommend a trained eye trying to control this particular problem. What they will do is they will ask you, if they do find a problem, they'll go ahead and clear out the area for you, identify where the pests are coming from. But because of the grain beetles and grain moss actually flying around the home, the only way to get rid of those is by using another product, such as the PT-565 Foggers. This particular product is used and this will kill any of the adults that are in and around the home that we don't normally find inside of a cabinet or something else. Very, very effective, but should be applied by a professional. I'm Mark Govian with ABC Pest Control in Largo, Florida, hoping you have a pest-free day.