 Hey guys, Triti here from It's The True Story and today we're going to do something that's very summerish. Well, summerish, if you're, I don't know, maybe kind of a bit of a barbarian. I know I am. Maybe you are too. Today I'm going to tell you how do you boil a live lobster now. This may be a little controversial and if it thumbs you out, which in some ways it does bum me out, you can, you know, then don't do it at home. If you are like me and you spend every summer in Maine as a kid and you kind of love lobster, this is a very efficient way of cooking lobster. It's boiling lobster and it's actually really, really simple. You just have to start with some lobster like this guy here. Yikes! Oh! And a large pot, this one is like a giant soup pot. Maybe it's got like four or five gallons of water. I've been boiling it for a while else because we're getting ready and I just want to do it quick and get it over with quick so it's, you know, merciful. So boiling water, you want to add in some sea salt. And I'm going to say you want like a tablespoon for every gallon. So I've got like four or five gallons in here I'd say. So I'm just saltin' it up, just saltin' up the gallons right there. So now it's like their natural habitat except for its boiling. So I don't know if I sound so happy about that. It's kind of cruel. I know. But once you have your rapidly boiling water, it's nice and salted. And you're going to put in your lobsters. Now, this is one thing I would say. Don't make it like a pet where you dress it up or play games with it because then you're going to feel really bad. So I just put my lobsters here waiting by the stove in a bowl. And I'm not going to tell what's going to happen next. I'm just going to say it's like a lovely warm bath. For purests out there, I took the rubber bands off because supposedly that makes the water taste kind of weirdly rubbery. So I don't know if that's true or not. And then you just throw them in. And then you get some other guys too. Here's a guy. I'm going to take off his bands. A live action band taking off. There could be some payback. I don't know. And I'm going to put them in in a second. And then just so you guys know, my key here, Jesus, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, dude, is to go with what's called chick lobsters. You want the smaller guys, like the one in a quarter, one and a half pound lobsters because those are younger and sweeter. And the big ones that seem so awesome, like those are tuple bastards. So day away from like the five, three to five pounders, my personal advice. And you'll be doing just fine. Now the amount of time I'm going to put some stuff in the description depending on what size. For these little guys, you want to boil them for about seven or eight minutes. I'm just going to go set my timer. And voila, we're cooking lobsters. And then you just kind of hang out there. I'm covering because like who wants to watch that? It's like so cool in some ways. But you know what? Back in the way olden days, they were thought of as rats at a sea. So and they were fed to prisoners. So just think of yourself as a prisoner eating and doing like a public service of eating the rats in the sea. And maybe you'll feel better about that. Okay, guys. So now once your seven or eight minutes has elapsed, don't let it overcook. This is really important because that's when it starts getting tough. So you're going to open up your pot and this is how you're going to tell if the lobster is ready. Now, you may think that it's all about knowing it's ready because the lobster is actually bright red, which this one is. But another thing that you're going to want to do to double check is to pull out the Santana. Does it come out right away? Like that? And it's not ready. But that one came out pretty quick. So we're good. We're good. And we're taking the guys out. Oh God. And this boiled lobster scenario is happening. Oh, and you're going to want to let them sit for like five minutes or so and cool down before you serve them. But then you're going to want to probably serve them right away. And it's really kind of thank you. So make sure you throw your water away right away. And you're good. So here is our beautiful boiled lobsters. So that's it you guys. You know, you can eat your lobster like everyone likes to do a drawn butter. I myself enjoy a little olive oil and lemon. Chas is a purest. He's just going to eat it. Probably eat the chasinal. But we just want to thank you guys for watching. If you like what we're doing here, please like, subscribe. We got new videos every first and third Thursday of the month. So we're going to see you back here until then. I hope you enjoy your lobster because I know I'm going to. Bye. Bye.