 Hey guys, I'm doing this video to show you guys how to customize your mannequin head to be the same size as your head. Yeah, mine looking crazy, mine got all kind of die and glue and all kind of stuff on. I need a new one, but anyway, it is what it is. This one has been with me for a long time. So first of all, what I want to do is take my measuring tape. Right now I got my wig on, but anyway, I did the measuring ahead of time. So what you want to do is you want to go here to the front of your head all the way around. So here, mine came out about 22 without my wig, so I'm going to do a little bit more. So that means you want to go around here and make sure it's 22. The other way you want to do it is you want to go from here all the way back to here, down the middle of your head to the back of the middle of your head. And mine was 13, so I want to do from here all the way back to here, which would be 13. Some people don't do this part, but I do from ear to ear across this way. And that's 13 as well for me. That kind of measured where my ears will be also. So what we're going to do is I'm going to show you how to do that. So first of all, I'm going to measure, which I already put the line here. So here, all the way back to here is 13 and I already drew that. And so from here, I'm starting the middle around. I'm going to go as low as my mark in the back. And here is 20. So I need to be 22 a little bit over 22. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to tape around. And from here, to here is 13. Okay, so that work. And anything is the part going around is not 22. So you can take this kind of tape, or this kind of tape, whatever you want to do. I'm going to start with this, see how this one works. At this point, I'm trying to get the tape off so that where I can tape up the head. The measurements for the head was 20 and my head is 22. So I'll have to keep on taping around and around the head in order to get it thick enough for it to be 22. So that way, when I do my quick weasel, when I do my solens and all that stuff like that, I want it to be the correct size of my actual head. Because you don't want it ever to be too small again. It's not going to be a little bit too big because then you can put clips in or ask stuff to make it work. But if you make it too small, yeah. Most time you're going to end up having to cut the wig just to get it to go right. So I really be too big than too small. So I'm just taping and taping and taping. So I can get it to where I needed to be. So here I'm still taping. Pull a little mannequin head. I'll mess up, dye on it. I don't drew on it. I'll kind of stuff on a glue wall on top of it, everything. But I'm still taping it up and get it to the point where I needed to be. Now here I'm trying to measure to see if it's at the right point yet. At this point, I check and it's still not. So at this point, I'm still taping around. Still taping around. I gotta keep taping because it's still not big enough. I need to be big enough or bigger. So I'm taping around. Pull a mannequin being through a lot. I've had this mannequin for a long time. I need to get me another one. But she's working just fine. So I keep using as much as possible. Right now, I'm trying to pull up the back part. That's when I measure from the front to the back across the top of my head. And I drew the line for 13. I covered it up with the tape saw. I'm trying to see what it was. So that way, when I do measure it, I don't know exactly where I'm supposed to be. So right now, I'm trying to pin the measuring tape down. Because every time I put the measuring tape on the tape, it starts to slide. So I'm trying to hold it to see if I didn't get where I'm going. And at this point, it's still too small. So I'm going to have to go another method instead of using a whole lot of tape. So here it is. Okay, I'm doing too much tape. If you can, let me put some paper towel in here. This is too much tape. Just use it so much tape. So after I put it on the paper towel, I figured it would give it a little thickness so I'm using a whole lot of tape. So at this point, I'm just taking the tape, trying to take the paper towel down to where it's staying in place. I figured it would help me a lot faster because that would have been a lot of tape that I had to use. So I'm just taking it down, trying to straighten it up, because the paper towel is down too far. Tape it down and make sure it's in good position. Continue on to tape it. Got the tape around the top part of the paper towel, so it can lay against the head because of course it is slide off, you can't just tape it in. It can go on sand position. So at this point, I'm just going to measure it before I get the tape in the thing all the way down. And then it's not right. So right now, it's the correct size. I'm going to go and I'm going to take the bottom part of the paper towel down so that I have a good fit for my wigs and my quick wigs. Okay, now we need to do our measurements. I thought we took forever to get this together. Okay. So we're going to start here. I'm going to mark here. Here's this center. I'm going to store it here. So from there. From there. So, back here. Okay. We go over here. Over here. We'll mark it up. We go here. Go all the way around. Up a bit. Up the way around. So here's 22. It's a bit exactly. We'll just down some in the back. All right. So the measurements are correct. It took us a while. But hey, we got it done. Here. 13. So from the bottom of that. From the bottom of that. Some of the ears will be right on here. Okay, and after we got our tape exactly right, it came out to 22 all the way around. So here it came to 13 across here to here. The ear part is 13. So this is with the dome cap on it. And this is what I'm going to be using to sew my wig on. So this on it came exactly to the size that I needed to be. So, you know, this is what it is. And this is what it looks like. That's what you do. It took me a while. But hey, it worked. Thank you for watching. And you guys have a wonderful and blessed day.