 Hi there I'm Chetam. Today I'm going to show you how to make spicy beef and broccoli. Alright, here I got some broccoli crown, beautiful color. You want the broccoli to be nice and firm and dark green. There's a good selection here. And I just cut into little pieces like that. And here I got some flank steak. I seasoned with a pinch of salt and black pepper and a couple tablespoons of the beaten egg and a couple tablespoons of cornstarch. Just mix it nicely and give them moisture, turn the rice the meat and when we cook it's easy to brown the color of the meat. Give them a nice texture of flavor. Hot oil in my wok. Now we're just going to stir fry the beef really quick. We just want to brown the beef and half cook. Now I'm going to add all. One minute, just still raw inside. We set on the side. And my calendar. Next I just use a paper towel, wipe it off. And my heat went back high. I'm going to add some vegetable cooking oil. Just swirl a little bit like that. I want to make sure the oil is hot. We're going to add some ginger and garlic in. And the broccoli right away. Then we'll cook stir. Until you see the broccoli color, like vibrant like this. And next I'm going to add in my beef. Then we'll cook stir. I'm going to add in my cooking wine. Oyster sauce, soy sauce, some hot chili oil. Like that. Get them a quick stir. A little more soy sauce. And then some stock. And you kind of stock. Just kind of a little bit. Like that. And let the sauce bring up to a boil. We're going to take long to bring up to a boil. It's not your wok. It's really nice and hot. This is the simple meal. You can make it home. You can see this. It's just better now. And now we're going to thicken the sauce with cornstarch and water mix. Get them a quick stir. And make sure the sauce is nice and thick. And then step in the oil. Not too much. Just give them a nice fragrance. Give them a nice flavor. That's it. Done. Here's your simple beef and broccoli you can make it home. I make it a little spicy today. I hope you like the video. I'm Chef Tom. Thank you for watching. I see you next time. Bye.