 So to put your flute together, you take the head joint and the body joint without touching any of the keys, and you slide the head joint into the foot joint. And then you align the low hole to the keys. And then you pick up the foot joint again without touching any of the keys. Because when you touch them and you twist it, it can bend the keys. And then put the foot joint on without bending the keys again. It is important that after you play your flute that you clean it, to prevent tarnish and damage to the pads and corks, which don't like moisture. Now you should have a plastic swab and a cotton yourself cloth for cleaning your flute. Insert the cloth through the eye of your swab and fold it around it. Make sure that you fold over the top so that you can clean the top of your head joint. So insert it gently into your flute. Don't jab it or you could damage some parts. And twist to ensure they're all cleaning. And your foot joint, you can slide all the way through. And the body of your flute, you have to make sure that you insert the swab on the top and also on the bottom, because it's not long enough to go all the way through. To clean the tannins, which are these thingies, at the ends of your joints, you take your cotton or silk swab or cloth and you just twist it into your cloth. And inside the flute joint. Inside the body and at the end of the body at the end. Then if there's dust caught up between the keys, the best way to get it out is use a paint brush and brush gently without damaging any keys and blow. If the parts don't fit together correctly, the joints might not be round enough. So it's supposed to be like this. If it's not, then you should go to a professional repairman to get it fixed and don't try it out. Okay, so these wires are springs, they're not wires. And when they pop off, their keys won't work. And so you got to fix it, but you should take it to your teacher because then they can fix it and they can fix it better. And if you try to fix it, you can damage the flute and that would be bad.