 PHIL Kannible you. My last coffee talk video was actually very popular so I decided to continue this series and thank you guys for it on a morning. And it is still a wellness month so I just wanted to share you guys what I've been trying lately and what I've been using because while I was working on the wellness month I was actually getting also more aware of everything I put inside of my body and everything I put on my body. So what I've been trying lately is very organic cruelty free clean products so without any power bands, without any like perfume and artificial elements. So this is a brand I have been trying and this is hair before. This is their facial oil and especially now in the winter it feels really really good. I just started using this lineup so I will let you guys know soon how I liked it but so far it is really really nice. Your skin just feels like super soft and like fresh and on top of this I'm going to use the pink clouds by her before and this is like a day cream and it's a rose water day cream and honestly I just love I'm obsessed with this package like it is pink like a pink cloud and they also have like a night cream which is like this color it looks besides the product feels really nice it also just looks very nice in your bathroom cabinet. Okay so we're gonna make some breakfast. I'm wearing a super cozy, rich yet sweater. Bye. Bye. I've breakfast all alone today. I know I know good luck. I know my keys are by the way. Okay I have the keys. I know I always have the keys. I never lose my stuff. Last time I have to drop it all away. Okay okay so I'm wearing a Maria Poscaal jewelry look it's super super cute. Let's reach here cozy sweater and like redone. Black jeans I don't even fit in there. Okay. So obviously first thing we are going to do is have less water. Addration first. Okay and even though it is winter a coffee I had been drinking lately a lot is copper and some people might know what is copper, what is ice coffee, what is the difference or what is not the difference. I always very confused for a long time so ice coffee is literally just coffee poured over ice and cold brew is a coffee brew for a long time periods and the taste in a coffee is completely different and I am very lucky because Max has been experimenting with different kind of cold brew and I still have a little bit left. And normally you can get this at Starbucks or you can just buy it in like in a bottle but you can also make it at home and I just want to show you guys quickly how we make this at home. Okay so I bought some organic sumatra coffee at Brooklyn Fair just my local supermarket. Normally it is one cup of jeans for four cups of water so here I have my cold brew machine it is literally just like a plastic thing and you can buy this on Amazon or anywhere else. I am going to grab my rose piece. Smells so good and put it in here. Then we are going to add the water for cups of water in there. There we go. Make sure this is off. So basically the coffee is brewing here and I normally make this the evening before and then the next morning I just turn this button and wow. Okay I should not show you guys the coffee is dripping out here and then you have some cold brew. So good fresh homemade cold brew. Okay I am just going to make quickly my breakfast right now. I think I am going to make smoothie because I am not that hungry. I quite late dinner last night and drink a lot of bubble tea so let's make a nice smoothie. So I always start with some frozen bananas and I just freeze them in this little eco-friendly plastic bag and this is a plastic bag which is reusable so good for the environment. Then I am going to add some frozen mangoes and some fresh kale. I have protein. This is actually a vegan protein and my favorite almond butter from Trails and Joes. And I am adding some almond milk and voila. It is ready to go in the new tributlet. And last but not least I am going to add my favorite homemade granola which you guys have probably seen from my first food video. Yay breakfast ready. Okay so I got my smoothie, got my coffee and something I have been trying out lately as well. Are these carol vitamins and these are just like a big pack in my cabinet and I can just take one of these every morning and look it says hey Sama. So yeah it is super easy to take it in the morning or even take it with me in the back. So yeah this is how I start my day. So honestly this is just the best for me. When I am at work or when I am traveling I never can really make my own breakfast so when I am at home when I have like an easy morning and I can make my own food I just absolutely love it. And it is actually funny because a lot of people ask me like yeah why do you actually take vitamins if you eat that healthy and the reason for that is sometimes when I am traveling a lot I don't really have as much control over my food when I am in the kitchen like when I prepare everything myself I know what I put in there and when I am traveling obviously you don't really know. So that is why I take all of these carol vitamins with me it is super easy in this package and yeah I get like the little boost I kind of need. So I did this like little quiz online and after the quiz care of tells you which kind of vitamins you need and that is something I like the most because yeah taking vitamins you don't need I think is very useless. So I have this one for iron which gives me energy I have a probiotic which is good for my immune system so when I am traveling I don't get sick but I do feel like everyone in New York now is getting sick but I think it has to do with the weather so I am very bad. And then I have another one which is ashwaganda and that is like an Indian root I never heard about it before but it is an Indian root which regulates your stress level in your body so also your mood so I can definitely use that while it's like getting colder and like more wintering and yeah I just take these every morning with my breakfast so yeah like a package of that costs about 20 dollars a month but then you have like everything sorted out you know exactly what you need and she's really easy to take with and because it is wellness month the first 200 people who sign up on the care of websites with the code wellness gets 25% off their first month. So yeah so far wellness months I hope you guys are enjoying all my videos and I really hope that you guys learn something from this and feel inspired. So yeah people ask me like yeah don't you never have cravings or what do you eat on cheat day or how do you stay motivated and about the motivation part I will come back to that in another video but about the food that is something really easy. I mentioned this in an earlier video and I really believe if you eat healthy eat as much as you want and you will stay in shape and track and the reason for this is when you are hungry like when you don't eat enough like you know the feeling you get like kind of grumpy um you get like annoyed and that is the moment your brain switch and you are grabbing like the bad food because you're hungry. So yeah if you avoid that point and you always feel a little bit full then you won't have those extreme cravings and it's like oh well but then I eat so much try to eat healthy eat a lot of vegetables eat a lot of fruit eat a lot of nuts protein and that way your body is still full and you won't crave any other things but you still eat very healthy. Um and at least it's just kind of like a mindset because it feels at the beginning kind of weird like oh my god I'm eating this like huge bull salad and another huge bull salad and another smoothie um but you will see that it's actually a long-term very very effective and that is something what you want. You don't want to have like a short-term diet it is kind of like a long-term lifestyle you you are choosing for. Hmm now I'm eating my breakfast bowl this is actually a very funny example. Um I kind of noticed that when I was having a savory breakfast I was less hungry during the day so I looked it up and it made total sense afterwards because if you have a very sweet breakfast um which is nothing wrong with I mean I have sweet breakfast sometimes as well like the smoothie with like a lot of granola and like peanut butter everything um but your insulin in your body goes up and your brain in your body is craving even more sugar so if you start the day with something savory um or for example put a lot of vegetables in your smoothie or um start your day with eggs and avocado or a tofu scramble you will feel that during the day you're craving less sugar um yeah this is just like a little tip you can try it out um it might work for some people it might not work for other people for me it does so I hope um for you guys as well hmm this weekend my plans are going to be um a lot a lot of laundry once again well I'm gonna go to Brooklyn after my breakfast and meet a friend of mine have chill weekend maybe watch a movie I actually went last weekend to a star is born in the movie and honestly I was so surprised it was a little gaga and Bradley Cooper and it was really really good I didn't not expect that so if you're still uh looking for a nice movie then I would definitely recommend that anyway um I want to thank you guys for watching and joining me on this wellness journey and if you are not subscribed yet then hit the subscribe button and put your notifications on so you won't miss any updates and videos and yeah then I will see you guys um in my next video have a good week