 Hello guys, it's Laurie from PassionatePennyFinter.com and we are making. Today we are making many buddy check specs. This is like one of those amazing yummy recipes. If you will just swipe up, you can get all of the recipes, including my Christmas made easy book, sent right out to you. So swipe up or I guess click the link in the video and hopefully that will work. Let me know. Give me a harder like as you're hopping on. Y'all, this is one of my favorites. Let me see some hellos out there. Hello, is anybody over there? Hello, hello, good morning. Okay, so type the word in or I'm sorry, don't type anything. Click the link in the video to get the Christmas made easy checklist. And I also meant to show you, you can also order the cookbook on Amazon. But I don't know where I just said here this. You can also order the cookbook in the order thing on Amazon. If you go to Amazon and type in Christmas made easy, this will pop right up. Hey, Kristen, hi Jessica, good morning Jessica. Hi Ashley. The other thing is guys, if you will hit the share this button, hit the share this button, we will enter someone to win who shares this video. So we'll enter you to win a $25 Amazon gift card and we'll pick a winner. Good morning, Fettys, so glad to see you. Okay guys, this one is so easy and I'm going to be, I'm going to confess to you guys. I was not going to do Christmas, 12 days of Christmas baking. I thought we could do it all at once. And my daughter was like, Mom, will you please do Christmas made, will you do Christmas baking please? Because apparently to her, this is like a big deal. I make all the stuff and she takes it to lunches at school and she feels like the cool kid because her mom brings sense of yummy treats and so that's what we're going to do today. Hey Mary, tell me what is your all's favorite recipe to make. What is the one thing that you just love to make and what is the one that your family loves? This one would be the one for us. I've been itching to make this. You made checks, mix this weekend. I love that. Hey MC, I'm so glad to see you this morning. MC, okay, so click the link in the video. There we go. Can y'all see this? And you can get our Christmas made easy cheat sheet, which is amazing. This recipe is so simple. You've got four tablespoons of butter. A cup of chocolate chips. A half a cup of peanut butter. And we're just going to put all of this in the microwave. Guys, this is such a yummy easy recipe. If you have some friends who are looking for way easy ways to make recipes, the nice thing about this Christmas made easy is I went, we've got the grocery list and the menu, like not that it's really a menu plan. But all of this stuff is in our booklets. I went to the store with it yesterday. I spent about $70 for all the groceries to make all of 12 recipes. You guys, this is going to make so many treats and desserts. So all of the people that are on your list, this you're like, I need to do something for them, but I don't necessarily want to spend a ton of money. This is just a way to let people know you care about them. So it's super easy to do that. Let me show you guys the cookbook as we're going. And it's totally free to get this. It also includes grocery list, includes all kinds of Christmas list. If you don't have a Christmas list already, it's got some budgeting info. Again, just type the words in right there. Oh, do you love puppy chow? I love that one. Oh, Tiger Butter Fudge. How do you make that Tammy? I have not heard of that one. Peanut Butter Balls are on the list. Let me tell you, actually, I'll show you in here. The peanut butter balls will be making. They are probably one of the harder recipes. And if you go to Amazon, you can actually order the cookbook if you want to. I'll be honest. I wish it was cheaper than it is. I wish I could make it cheaper even though I will say that looks pretty yummy, doesn't it? But if you type in Christmas made easy, I think it's like $11 right now. Only because it just costs us that much to print it. I wish I had a way to make it cheaper for you guys, but I don't. So there we go. Okay. So we're going to take this. We're going to give it a good serve. Oh, that's perfect. Okay, y'all. How many of you wish that you were sitting in my house right now? And then at once we're done, I'm going to show you. We're going to package up with some really fun bags. I'll show you how I give this distribute this all really cheaply too, because a lot of it, you know, you can spend a lot of money on tens and things like that. And stuff that people don't really need. So I'll show you how to make it really real that frugal as well, which is super fun. Okay, so now we're going to do this. I forgot to get out of plastic bag. So hang on just a moment. Don't forget guys, if you will hit that share this button, I will give away. It's $25 Amazon gift cards. One person who hits the share this button. So make sure and share it with somebody who you can help. Okay. We're going to pour the chocolate. This is where we're going to get kind of tricky right here. Okay. And I need to get a bold bigger bowl out. So I'm going to grab my bigger bowl. And I will tell you, Kruger was sold out of checks. How many of you guys have gone to Kruger and they're sold out of checks? I'm using Kruger brand right spits. I hope they're going to work. I cannot believe my Kruger's work was ridiculous yesterday. Okay, so we're going to take this and we're going to pour this all over top. All my work you guys. And I'm going to use a scraper. And do about half and half. Let's try this. Okay. So we're going to mix this all in here. I'm going to try not to lose too many. You need a good size bowl to mix this in because it obviously gets pretty crazy. Now I need to get the rest of the chocolate. You kind of want to do it a little bit separately so that you don't make too big a mess. I really need a spatula is what I need. I do not plan a head well this morning. It was raced in the hop online and did not plan this as well as I should have. There we go. Okay. So tell me what are you guys making? What is your one thing that you have to make this year to feel like Christmas? Because this would be my daughter's one. In fact, my husband even said to me yesterday he looked at the ingredients out and he said, oh, you're making muddy buddy checks mix. He was pretty excited. We get pretty excited about dessert around our house. And then here knew would you let me know that you're new here? I am so glad you're here if you're new. Be sure to get my cheat sheet. Also, oh my gosh, I have to tell you guys I totally messed up. Don't tell you the most important thing today. Remember that the site is passionate mini-pinsure.com because I love to tell you how to save money every day. And so recipes definitely save you money anytime you cook at home. You're going to save so much money but I have to tell you the deals at Coals today for Green Monday are ridiculous you guys. Visit passionate pennypinsure.com. If you're watching later after a minute Green Monday, sorry. The deals probably aren't still there. So, Coals is crazy but you guys, there are so many deals. Visit passionate pennypinsure.com. I think the Instant Pot is $44 or $49 today. It's kind of ridiculous. Oh angel, oh angel and Amber, y'all are new. Thank you so much. Click the link in the video and get my free cookbook. I am so glad you're here girls. I'm so glad you're not here this month. Okay, we're going to go ahead and now, and how many of you croctober folks know what this thing is right here. This is the magic thing to make this easier. We are going to put this in here because y'all can imagine what a mess this is. And I don't, if you have extra hands at home while you're making this this will be easier. I don't have any hands at home. So, I am here making it live like this. How many of y'all remember this thing? It is the best thing ever for making this kind of stuff. Now, you're going to take your checks mix and you want to be gentle with it because you don't want to crush it all up. And you're going to add it in to your bag. And the nice thing is there's enough butter and stuff in here that it's not going to stick too badly. Now, what I would do to make it so that it doesn't make a huge mess is I would go ahead and do half of your powdered sugar. Because otherwise you're going to have a whole lot of stuff on top and it's not going to be divided well. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to go ahead and start getting in a shake. This is a great one for kids to help with. So easy. I love that it's no bake too. So, it's really, really simple to make. So, I click the link in the video. We're going to continue all the recipes. Hit the share this button and we will enter you to $1.25 on gift card. And let's keep going here. Oh, you guys. And I'm hoping, oh, we got the link in the comments. Awesome. And honestly, I can see there's a little bit that could be stirred a little bit better in here. So I'm actually going to just use my spoon to stir it up. This is one of those super forgiving recipes. I really can't mess it up. I mean, really, if you add peanut butter, chocolate chips, powdered sugar, anything, how could it be bad? I just realized I did forget the teaspoon of vanilla. So you are supposed to add in a teaspoon of vanilla. I will be honest, as a frugal girl, for many years we couldn't afford vanilla. It was just not in the budget. And I probably picked without vanilla for like 10 years. So, I don't stress over not having vanilla in recipes. I know some of you are horrified, but remember, my long term financial goal was worth skipping vanilla for a few years. And we survived just fine. So I'm not too stressed that I forgot that this morning. But, if you have it, you can stick it in too. Okay. There we go, guys. Here we are. This is the best. So now we're going to give it a good shake. And then I'll show you how we're going to wrap it up for people. Because it is a mess. And so this is one that you don't want to like, you're going to have the right stuff to put it in. And I'll show you a couple of tins. So my daughter, like I said, I was not going to do 12 days of Christmas baking. I was going to do it all in one session. And she was like, Mom, I love when I come home every day. And you've got a new thing for me to take to my friends at school. Oh, you guys, look at that. I mean, really, how lovely is that? You have, with Dollar Tree husband, I know they do. We did eventually get to where we could spend the dollar on it. Okay. Well, yo, how many of you guys would just love to be eating this? I mean, it's just perfect. Okay. So now that we have that ready to go, I'm going to take, have all my cute supplies over here. So every year, I go to Hobby Lobby and Michaels at the end of the season. And I buy all of their stuff. So I buy all of the cute bags. I'm going to show you a couple different options. So I've got these plastic bags. And I've got these cute things. These are one of my favorites. So I'm going to show you a couple different things you could use. I think these are darling, darling. I'm going to show you a couple of ways to do them. So good. Yeah, doesn't that look amazing? Looks so good. And do you see how easy that was? So simple. So this is one of my favorite baggies because you don't really have to do anything. It's actually got a bag. This is from Hobby Lobby. So check out Hobby Lobby. And I'm going to take a fresh scoop. I'll scoop it that way. This one is definitely one of my favorites to use because it's easy. So like I said, I'm going to package these all up for my daughter. I'll show you a couple different ways. But this one's perfect. This is great for bus drivers. Give it to your UPS man. When he comes by or your man, man, isn't that cute? Just a cute little bag and so simple. And I love that it's got this stuff together. Now this is one of my favorites because of the way it looks. I think this is a darling. It's almost like a paper popcorn sack. Okay. So this is another great one. And I just go ahead and I pack it. I think like I said, my daughter is going to take all of it to school tomorrow. So she sits at lunch and I think like hands it out to her closest friends. And by the end of the Christmas season, she has a few more friends. So it cracks me up because she is not a social butterfly. So baking when I bake this stuff, it helps her to be a little bit more confident in herself, which just cracks me up. So, okay, I think these are darling. And what I'm going to do with this is I'm just going to give it a good little, I'm going to quickly tie it over. Can you see this very well? Hang on. I need to scoot this down just a little bit. Okay, so I'll tie this over and actually I'll tie this in the back like this. And then I've got a whole punch. And again, this is just from Hobby Lobby. And then I like to use some ribbon. I'm going to find a little ribbon here that's good. I don't have any thread. It's going to be fine. The good thing is, like I said, it's going to kid. So they're going to like it either way. And you just tie on a little ribbon. I would rather use plain red, but I don't have it right here. So we're okay. Actually, the red and green is actually really cute. And then I will also tag, put on a tag. These are some tags again. I buy all of these at Hobby Lobby and Michaels at the end of the season. Just tie that on right there like that. Super cute. Let me show you another one that I love. This is the, hang on. These, I think, are so cute. In each day, as we're doing 12 days of baking, I will be showing you different ways to put this stuff into things. Because it's one of the parts that can get expensive. You can save money on your stuff, but if you, on your, by making people stuff, but if you don't, if you spend a wad on the supplies to send them to people, then it doesn't save so much. So this is a great way to do them. These are just bags that I found at Hobby Lobby. Again, I wait till the end of the season. I buy it all. This is all last year's stuff. But I think I've seen similar stuff this year. So I'm going to go ahead and take that. And then this is one of my favorite things that I found last year. My fingers are all covered in chocolate. This one is so fun. And again, guys, click the link in the video and it is going to give you a link to the recipe. Look at how cute this is. This one is one of my favorites. And then you can just draw a little Christmas tree on there. So cute. You can do two tolls. Oh, that's a great idea. Amanda, and you know what? If you want to be even cheaper, Amanda, thank you for saying that. I'm actually going to show you an even cheaper way to do this. If you, I'm going to tell you guys, there were years where we had no money in our budget. Like we were tight, tight, tight. I was determined to pay off $40,000. My husband and I paid off $40,000 in student. And we were on a mission to be cheap. So during those years, I couldn't have even done this. Remember, I couldn't do vanilla. There were things, so I had to be creative. So let me show you how cute we can make a plain old paper sack. Like this is just a paper sack. And I'm glad, Amanda, I think it was you that told me the tip to do two holes. Watch what we're going to do to make this even look cute. You don't have to spend much. You can watch, definitely watch at the end of the season to get the best deals on tags and things. And you can make this look adorable. Now, if I had hand lettering skills, you could decorate the front of this bag and it would be darling. I am not a good hand letterer. So I could not do that. And I know there are those of you who can. So I'm going to do just what she said. Since just a plain paper sack, y'all, I did not even play it on new in this. But I thought, once she said that, I was like, oh, she's right. The only bad thing is that these are hard to go through. When they're that thick. Okay. Now we're going to take some more of that ribbon we had. I'm going to see if I have any prettier ribbon. Don't have any prettier ribbon. But this would cost you, like, literally, this is the ribbon. All this is this ribbon. You could put their name on it. You can spend next to nothing by the baking stuff. Give people something that makes them feel like they did something beautiful for you. If you want to put a tag on, awesome. But she wouldn't even have to put a tag on. Okay. So here it is without without the tag. And the ribbon is even too long. So you could, the ribbon, I think this ribbon is actually from the Dollar Tree. You guys, that cost next to nothing to give. You could do a bunch of these for not too much money. And then if you wanted to add a tag, you could totally do that too. There's some really cute little tags over here. Let me show you. Ooh, I actually like this red. I like the big red tag. Thank you for sharing Melanie. I appreciate you so much. And guys, don't forget today, passionateponypension.com, we are talking all the green Monday deals. There are a ton of great green Monday deals. So be sure to check out the link in the video and then visit passionateponypension.com to keep up with all the deals. Also, I will send you our free cheat sheet and we'll send you out emails letting you know about the best deals this Christmas season. So you never, ever, never pay full price. You guys, how cute is that? So stinking cute and so easy. Target carries the brown ones. You share. Thank you. If you have small children, let them decorate the brown bags. I love that idea too. I'm going to do one more, actually. I'm going to go ahead and finish these. So I'll just kind of sit here and chit chat as I finish these up. These are just some, these are from the Dollar Tree. Y'all, these come like 15 to a pack for a butt. Another super frugal option. And what I do at the end of the day is I'm going to package all this up and then I just stick them all in a corner and my kids and my husband just take them to anybody they want to take them to. If I see them, me all man, I've got them on top. You know who I definitely want you guys to give something to this year? I want you to give me a list. Who do you think we should give stuff to this year that maybe we haven't thought of? My number one and I take them out this along with a Coca-Cola. Can of Coca-Cola from our basement fridge is our garbage men. I feel like they have one of the yucky as well clearly. They have one of the yucky's jobs on the planet. So if I can go and just bless them really fast and take them just a little happy, you know what, their lives aren't going to be changed by this. But they know that we're thankful for them and they do a nasty job for us every single day. I don't know what the pay scale is for garbage men, but it cannot be enough possibly. So this is a great way to just be kind to them. Who else do you guys like to give stuff to? The homeless. I love that. And you know what, that's another great idea. There are homeless shelters. There's a place in our area that will take desserts. I need to actually take stuff out there. I'm so glad you said that. You know what? Thank you for saying that. There's a place in our area called the Free Store. And they will let you bring food. So I may package up a bunch of these one day this week and just take them. They're not necessarily people who are homeless, but they're just people who are having a rough time. And so this would be great because I could package it up and they could take it home with them. So yeah, I'm just glad you said that. Thank you to whoever said that for sure. You give the trash guys little Debbie's. Oh, Sue, I bet you are their favorite person. Oh my gosh, my family would be so excited if they saw little Debbie's coming. That's the hoots. I absolutely love that idea. I have not had a little Debbie in so long. I hope that's a perfect idea. And it's nice because then they can take it and it's packaged. So in it's super frugal. I love that. That's such a fun idea. Such a fun idea, Sue. You take them to your children's therapist. You take a try to your husband's work. My husband took a trade or work today actually. So he didn't take a trade. Oh, he took a. What did he take? He took a thing of stuff. He actually made himself. Okay, I've got one more. I've got enough to make one more bag. So I'm going to go ahead and finish up one more. I'll do this one again because this is kind of my favorite. I just think those aren't those cute you guys. Doesn't that just make you marry? Little Debbie's is the best. Mailman, Housekeeper, Hairdresser. How cute could you dress up with little Debbie's too? Okay, that's like my favorite new idea. Can you imagine how fun it would be to decorate a little box? I mean, who doesn't love some little Debbie's? That is so fun. So fun. Okay, y'all now I'm in trouble because... Well, let's see if this will work. This is my little Ziploc holder, but I can't think of any reason it won't work on this. And he'd like a spoon. Now I'm getting down to the smaller stuff that's kind of a mess. Lots of powdered sugar here at the bottom. You can also just stick this out in your house and your family will be very happy. But I'm trying to get to the end of it. I need to get it out of my house because I can't. I love to bake, but I don't need to eat it all. So because baking is like my happy place, I have to come up with a way to make it work. Okay, you guys. Let's see if this will work. Oh, I think it's going to work. Look at that. One more reason. It's worth having a baggie holder. Okay, that's amazing. That's pretty good. Y'all look at that. That was perfect. Okay, it's actually a little too full. So I'm going to stick some of this over here. So the beaming person gets a little bit less. So perfect though. And I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to try some ribbon on. And I think I'm this one. I'm just going to do this. And I'm going to take one of these. Because I love the red. I just love that. Actually, yeah, I think I love the red. I think I love the plain red. Okay. Guys, don't forget, click the link in the video to snag all of the recipes we're using. I'll be doing them almost. I'm not going to do all 12 days because I want to have the weekends off. So there are a few days that I will miss. But most days I will be here making these in the morning between 9 and 10 tomorrow. Shannon will be on because she likes to give me a day off from doing Facebook Live every day during the week. It helps me catch up on all the other work we do on passionate penny pincher. So we probably won't bake tomorrow. But we might. You never know what you're going to get. So how cute is that? So we just made for next to no money. And I got to try this one up. The ribbon is definitely the easiest. So grab some ribbon at the Dollar Tree. I know this ribbon was from the Dollar Tree. So we just made these all up. And what I'm going to do is stick them in a cute basket. Actually, I don't know if I can find that. And I will tell you that I hide. We get as soon as I make this, we get out of the house because I do 12 days of baking. So that way I don't have it here. It's attempt me. So I'm going to stick it in. This cute basket. And we just made those all in about what did that take us? I've been on live like maybe for 20 minutes, I would say. All the recipes, the cookbook, everything is at www.pensionampenipenture.com. Think of ways you can do it frugally. We had a bunch of different options because like I said, I kind of keep it together. But we just made one, two, three, four, five, six, good size, seven. Seven. All the stuff I got was from Howie Lobby and Michaels. So easy, so simple. I just think it's so fun. And such a great way to make people love it. What are you putting in the bags? Oh, you just got here Nancy. We made many buddy checks. Click the link in the video. I will send you out all of the recipes. All of the Christmas made easy. Chopping lists, everything you need. It's going to be so much fun to hang out together this month. Serial is part of the buy, five, get five. So yeah, the Chex McSeal was fantastic. The Chex McSeal though, the Chex McSweast sold out. So I had to get my Chex McSweast sold out. So I used cheap one and it worked totally. I'm so glad that Bridget, I'm so glad you're here and you enjoy it. Oh, Timmy the party was great. We had a great time. You guys have an amazing day. I will be back. We'll definitely be back on Wednesday. Shannon and I will be here tomorrow. I may do some Christmas making. We'll just see how it goes. You guys have a great day. Oh, Elizabeth, you're making Christmas crack. That's my favorite. I'm going to make it a different way this time this year. So you guys have an awesome day and I will talk to you soon. Bye bye.