 Today I'm making the spinach and artichoke dip that I posted on my blog recently and everyone loved it and for good reason it's really easy and you won't be able to stop eating it. We're gonna start off with an eight ounce package of cringes and one stick of butter. We're just gonna toss that right into the pot. Then we're gonna take a 16 ounce tub of sour cream and add it to the pot and if you're concerned about acquiring a muffin top it's okay to use light sour cream and a low fat cream cheese. It's just less calories so I'll leave that up to you. So go ahead and put that right into the pot. And then finally add your one and a half cups of grated Parmesan cheese. Just toss it in and we're gonna heat that over about medium to medium high heat and stir occasionally just so you don't scorch the bottom. You want to go ahead and drain and coarsely chop your artichoke hearts. It doesn't have to be perfect just small chunks is great so once you have your artichoke chop just add it to the pot. Toss it right in. Then we're going to take your thawed frozen spinach and we just want to use a 10 ounce package and toss it in. Then a four ounce can of drained jalapenos and don't be afraid to add the jalapenos they add some really nice heat to this recipe. It's not overpowering it's just perfect so toss those in. And finally we're gonna add about two with regardless close I had two huge ones and so I'm adding the two huge ones. And just give everything a good stir and let it come to a nice hot temperature almost a simmer and it's done. It shouldn't even be called the recipe it's so easy. So then you just grab a chip and when nobody's watching do the necessary taste test of course a generous size one that's not very generous let's do that again. All right. Mmm that's good. So good. I like to use kettle tortilla chips with my dips because kettle has this really authentic flavor and it's one of the few companies that actually doesn't have genetically modified ingredients I can watch on that. Big thank you to kettle chips for sponsoring this video. Kettle chips does offer 14 different flavors of chips probably more than I could ever eat in a year but I'll share with you my favorites. I love the salt and vinegar chips. I'm a little bit obsessed with those because the point where your tongue feels like it's a little numb and then also the unsalted chips are awesome for kids. For more great recipes like this and to find a print-friendly version of the dip visit NatasheKitchen.com