 So, this is my water bottle. I wanted at a festival a few years back. This is borrowed on the front of it because that's what I am on a borrowed and I wanted a winning competition. So it's very near and dear to me although you wouldn't know by looking at it. It's covered in scratches. You know it's well loved. But this past summer I had a bit of an incident where I had it in my pocket and a sitting in a hammock and a hammock broke and I landed on it. I am an experiment with something. I told this is made of metal so I am going to fill it with water and I am going to put it in the freezer. And supposedly the water will expand when it freezes and it's going to push this dent out and restoring my bottle to its former glory. So let's go and do that. Come on Mr. bottle. I'm going to go and get you in the fridge. Alright, here's the kitchen. Yes, blue cup of pot and us. Here we go. Alright. Let's see what happens. Three hours from now or four hours from now. Alright, it's the next morning and I am back at the fridge and let's see how the bottle is doing. There it is. I may have taken it out during the night just check on it but this is such a small cup. Let's see. It does look a little less dented on a small dent but the gas dance is still there. I don't think that worked. Alright, I'm going to try something else. So clearly the water didn't work because the dance is still there. Although I still think it may have pushed out a couple of small minor dance but anyway, the water, the freezing water didn't work. So we're going to try another experiment. This time I'm going to go with carbonated soda, specifically this is Pepsi. And the Pepsi is going to get sacrificed for science but that's fine because I'm not a huge fan of Pepsi. So it's not a huge loss. So theoretically we have a frozen account of Pepsi. Okay. Alright, that will be a must to clean up. So, what have we done? Theoretically we have a frozen account of Pepsi or carbonated anything really. The bubbles expand and we fill this to the brim. This should, the bubbles will expand and either what's going to happen, I don't think it will shatter the thing because this steel is quite strong. It might pop the top off of it but it shouldn't. I don't think. Hopefully it will do. Push. Oh, there we go. That's full alright. It's going to push the dent out by freezing it. So I'm going to put it in the freezer overnight and hopefully we'll get some results in the morning. I'm going to clean up this mess. The mess has been cleaned up. So now it's time to move this into the freezer. Hey Newton, look. Pop is trying to science. It's, stand back. It's going to be dangerous. Alright, here we are. I just wanted to do a little grocery shopping like that's a bread. And I'm going to nestle this right in there. There we go. So hopefully tomorrow this little dent will be pushed out or what might happen is the thing that will pop, the topple pop off and I'll have Pepsi everywhere. Science. Alright, time to shut this puppy up. Okay, it's now the next day. And suppose you see it's about 7 o'clock. I left the can in there in the freezer overnight and now we're going to see how it's doing. Alright, alright. Oh my god, it worked. Dent is out. In fact it worked a little too well. Pushed out everything. Look at that. All the dent are out. All the merout. There's the crease. Where the crease used to be has been completely, completely pushed out. So there you go folks. You have a metal. Although now as you can see it's not sitting flat anymore. But you know that's not a huge deal because I would have only, I usually put this in my pocket I don't, you know I don't put this down on a surface but even that it still sits pretty flat. It's okay. Maybe over time that'll, I mean maybe I could smack this down a couple of times and then it'll flatten again but still. But yeah. Totally what? That is so cool. Science. It's science. Okay, I'm going to hand this off to my assistant Ada. So I need you to record this every event in the make room. I'm very nervous. Let me take this. Hey, I took dishes today. I just made more. Yeah. Just wash your empty. It's full of dirty dishes. Oh, they're probably not. Okay. So, what did you just turn it on with your bum? Okay, so here it is all together. It's been thawing out in the refrigerator all day. So I'm not sure what's going to happen when I open this up. Maybe nothing. Okay, didn't explode. Didn't explode. Good. I was expecting a little. Like I was mintos explosion or something. There we go. Oh, it is not completely thought of yet. Still, there's still a hunk. I'll put it in there. So this is going to have to continue getting thought out. I know. I could put it in the microwave. Oh, look. The dentist is actually starting to come back. Oh dear. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. But it shouldn't. It shouldn't refer it back completely. In fact, if I wanted to be like a complete acid, I could fill it up with Pepsi again. Freeze it again and push up the last of them. But I'm not- This is the most usual use of Pepsi. Anyone's ever had it. Because it's not causing any cavities. And it's actually repairing something. So, all right. So this is going to thaw out. But basically, science. I get my bottle back. And now, all of you can get your bottles back. The end.