 I'm gonna feel Jesus Christ. I'm just like slushes. Just stand still. Okay, you too. Right. What's up guys, so good to see you as always. And we have taken over Jim and Tans Kitchen to do some cooking with one of the tallest guys that's ever been on the channel. I don't feel short at all. And I'm Mark Ferris. Hello. Hello, I'm Mark Ferris. Hello. You've set us a challenge to make a homemade Nando's. Yeah, I do. If you know us, you'll know that we love a good Nando's. But we're gonna try and do it at home with our own marinade and a little bit faster than what it takes you to order one. Yes, and it's gonna be a lot of work for you. Is it? I'm ready. I'm ready. You know how I am with my cooking skills, but I'm gonna be on my best babies. I'm ready. So we've already pre-made our sweet potato wedges. They're in the oven right now. All we've done, chucked them on a tray, cut them up, a little bit of olive oil, a little bit of salt and pepper and a little bit of paprika. 40 minutes, 200. See? So Mark has already started cutting the shallot. So first thing to most guys, if you're unsure of any ingredients, I'm gonna put them all in the description box below. But John, you're going to butterfly the chicken because we always go butterfly Nando's. And I'm gonna put some of the wet ingredients for the marinade. How are you getting on there with your little Russian dal over there? Yes, good. So this is basically like a long thing onion. Essentially, yeah, just a little bit more flavoursome than what you might well be used to. Oh my god. And you can just kick it out. All we need to do is cut it into small pieces from it if you do not mind. You can eat two lashes, I think. You're gonna need some what? Oh, sorry. Sorry. So all I'm adding into here is, what it says about two to three tablespoons of lemon juice, but all I'm gonna do is just juice one whole lemon. I think I'll be enough going in the bowl. Are you still peeling that? Yeah, like, can you tell me how this is my first shallot? How do you first shallot like three years ago? It's good. Apart from extremely slow. Wow, there you are. That's it. That was a little bit of it. Yeah, fantastic. Then just cut that end off and then just dice it up for me. Nice, nice small bits for me. And butthole that like a drop. A little bit of salt and pepper going in there as well. So when it comes to seasoning, guys, you can season as much as I am a huge... We need a montage here. I can't help it mate. I'm a huge fan of heaven so we're spending the good in there. A little bit of paprika as well, just for a little bit of hopeless in there. Keep the silver away from the pink. That's the girl. And then we see no red. There you go. And a couple of tablespoons of olive oil going in there as well. How are you going? So I've pretty much made all of the marinade. John's butterfly the chip. Another amazing. And John, I'm going to give you these three. Actually, I'm going to have to give you another cooking board. Yeah, I'm going to give you these three to mash up as best you can. Alright, let me just go and wash my hands through a quick. Because Tarn and Jim haven't actually got a garlic crusher here. So if you've got a garlic crusher at home, try and crush them instead of chop them up. It just adds the flavour a little bit more. You know if I like it because I'm going to start taking a mick out of here. You're going to take the mick out of me. Well, I'm about to because I've just seen you cook. Alright, so we have pretty much got there. It's now 2018, it's the 17th of June. Mark has cut up the... The half is onion. Yes. I'm putting in some ginger. Love a bit of ginger. All I want you to do once you cut all that out, mate, is just add that to the bowl. Okay. But if guys haven't actually, I already haven't seen you. Yeah. What would they expect to see over on your channel? What kind of craziness are you doing over there? Nothing really. Nothing really. Nothing important. So I met someone the other day in a calf. Yeah. And I tried to describe what I was doing. And she then, her friend then came into the calf. And he was like, oh, we've got a comedian in the building. And I was like, oh, I'm definitely not a comedian. But I would like to say that my videos are like sort of fun, relaxed, nothing too serious. Yeah. I like to throw a little advice video in there sometimes. Oh, what kind of advice? Just about like, growing up. Yeah, cool. Leon's something he's still not quite as good as you do. Yeah, if you're coming, watch him. That's video. Just kidding, bro. Yeah, growing up, just being yourself. Yeah. Loving yourself, all that sort of stuff. I think it's really important. So, it is. And then, when I'm not doing that, I'm just going crazy. I'm just going crazy doing crazy flamboyant thing. Yeah, that's me. Nice chunky marinade here. Oh, boys. No, I'm on that. I like that you're just taking charge of this thing on it. It's quite nice. I can just lay back. You can just chill out. I'll just chill out, have a chat with Mark. And then I'll just take over. So, doesn't smell quite spicy enough for me. Because I'm a bit of a medium-stroke hop. This is a lot. Literally about a month ago, Leon stopped having lemon and herda pannos. Yeah, for sure. He's a medium-out of push. Yeah, before I met you, Mark, where you sitting on a Richter scale. I used to be playing Jame when it came to none of those. We can't be friends. But now, since I've got an intern curry, yeah. Ah, curry. I'm a cook for him. Do you have a flavour curry? Oh, you do not eat that enough. I don't know. I've got it yet. Yeah, I would see Korma. Yeah. And then I like the really spicy one, like, I think it's Jeff Rezzy. Yeah, I like it. Oh, you like it. Yeah. Right, so. Do you want to get your hands dirty? Yeah, always. Oh, you got to do. I'm going to do the face-to-face part. Korma can straight across. So, I... So, I do, you guys, with, as you know, of any marinade, it's better to leave it for as long as you possibly can. But what I would personally say to get the most flavour out of this, do it, cover the chicken, wrap it in cling film, put it in the fridge for 24 hours, and then you'll get plenty of flavour. But what I want you to do is massage that in both sides, completely cover it. Okay. Right, so we've kicked John out of this shop, because there's only two jobs. To go with our chicken, which has just been flipped and smellin' freaking amazing, the wedges are nearly done. We're doing a salad. I'm doing a little bit of a summary one. Your cutting the pears up for me, aren't you, Mark? Yep. It's giving it a good go. It's a nice little chunks. And to go with that, we've got some Romani lettuce, and we put some avocado in there, because every salad nowadays has to have avocado. We've also got some pomegranate seeds, some red onion. We're gonna put a little bit of dressing on just to keep the calories down a little bit. We're gonna use lemon zest, I suppose, to some balsamic vinegar and that kind of stuff. And also some nut and seeds. All right, let's get this going, Mark. If you want to get the wedges out of the oven, I'm just gonna fuck me. That goes my mouth. I'm pretty worried about the heads, bro. Right. Do you want to cut this up? If you want to just put some salad on the face, make it look pretty. One, you just put the chicken on the big salad. Because that's how you would eat. You bet it all looks pretty. I always just mess it up. And then you move it all up, and it's not gonna look pretty. Okay, I'm gonna do this. I'm gonna do this, and it's gonna stress me out, but I'm gonna do it anyway. Are you all right, mate? Yes, but faster. This chicken smells incredible. Where those wedges mate? Here. You're gonna have to cut that mate. You screw the shot up, it's fine, mate. You still your own thing. We'll work around you. Thank you. Thank you. I didn't appreciate it yet. Right, so there you have it guys. Homemade Nando's chicken salad. We've got the pair avocado pomegranate salad. Chuck in, getting bowl poised. Oh, yeah. We've got the chicken medium. You can make it marinade as high as you'd like. We've also made some of the sweet potatoes. We'll show you all how to do downstairs. What do you think, boys? Mmm, yeah. All good? I've got some salad in there as well. Fantastic. So guys, thank you so much for watching. Mark, it's been an absolute... Please just do that. Mate, it's been an absolute pleasure having hosting your own channel. Thank you. Thank you. And make sure you head over to watch the video that we made over on his channel. Give the subscribe button a tickle. Give this one a tickle first. You know when you eat a hot wedge and you can feel it going down. It's more than a quarter. So we will see you again this time next week. Guys, love you all, and goodbye. Bye. Bye.