 So today, we in Tom woke up at 4am to go rainbow trove fishing. We're expecting to get four fish, unfortunately we only got our one and we're up for about nine hours today so we're up for quite a while. So instead of us smoking our four that we were going to get, we're going to pan fry the one that we did get. So we'll show you how that's done. So I'm lemon, the cheap top quality stuff. We have a lemon spice mix right here. We have some rosemary, oregano, olive oil, which is really good. And we got pepper and salt. So first we're going to add some salt. Then lemon juice, we really don't know why that goes after it but we heard it's the proper professional way. That's good. It's going to rub that, spread that around. So we got the pepper. We love the skin side on because it's better for pan frying the fishes and curl. Then we got their lemon and herbs. It's going to spread that out. It's going to get this more. And it's a little bit of olive oil on the top. Now we're ready to pan fry. So you could use oil or just normal butter. We're going to use the same oil that we used on our fish, the oregano rosemary oil. We're going to put quite a bit on here though. And then the skin side goes down. And then we're going to put on medium heat and put a little on top. Wait till it's cooked, three quarters way through and then we'll flip it. So as you can see our fish is now three quarters way cooked through. We're just going to flip it. Now it's going to flip it. So we're going to flip it on and turn the heat down. It's not going to take much longer after this. So our fish has been out of the pan for about last two minutes. And we're just going to pour our skin off. You can keep the skin on but we're just going to pull it off. So it's going to get that looks really cooked well. Oh yeah, looks great. Now we're going to make some fresh homemade tartar sauce. So we've got a quick easy way to make tartar sauce. We've got one cup of mayo. We've got that in there. We've got one teaspoon of onions. We've got now two teaspoons of freshly squeezed lemon juice. We've got relish. It's teaspoon. That's just one half there. Then we've got some salt. Mix it together.