 Hi everyone, I'm going to make strawberry tart because strawberry science is in Japan, but you can use any kind of fruit you want. I'm going to show you a basic way of making tart. So you can arrange the way you want. I'm going to use sugar substitute, but you can use regular sugar. So what is good about making from scratch by yourself is you can arrange the way you want. I hope you enjoy my tutorial and I hope you can try it out. First we are going to make the crust. Crimp the butter in a large bowl. I'm using the sugar substitute, but if you want to use the regular sugar, use powdered sugar. Add 1 egg yolk. Sift in flour. Fold in with spatula. At first, it becomes like Parmesan cheese. It comes together after a while so mix with patience. Wrap in plastic wrap and pull in a fridge for at least one hour. Meanwhile, make the filling. Cream the powder in a large bowl. Again, I'm using sugar substituted but you can use powder sugar. Add one egg. Add cornstarch. Add one egg. Add cornstarch. Add a amount of powder. And a few drops of vanilla. Now preheat the oven. Roll up the crust between two pieces of plastic wrap. Transfer the crust to the pan. Don't worry if it's not perfect. You can press into the pan. Like they prick the bottom of the crust with a fork. You can make cookies with remaining crust. Fill the oven filling and smooth the top. Bake for about 25 minutes. Meanwhile, make the syrup. You need sugar. I'm using sugar substituted. The net hot water. The crepe record is optional. Then mix well. Strangely jam to remove any large clumps. When the tart is done, place on a wire rack to cool. When the tart is cooled, remove from the pan. Brush the top with syrup. And then spread the jam. Leave one strawberry hole and cut others into halves. Place the strawberry hole in the middle and arrange the halves around it. Mix the remaining jam and the bit of syrup to thin down the jam. Then coat the strawberries with the jam. Ming leaves are optional. Don't forget to make the tastings. And now it's done! Thanks for watching. I hope you enjoyed my tutorial.