 3 hours later, I should have a nice degree of ego in here. What's up, so there's your boy Chris here, Caribbean, put that comb vibes in a pinniquet and as usual. If you're following me on Twitter you'd know I've been raving about getting ox steels on sale. Ox steels is usually mistalked, steel as far as price goes. And it works so well because I'm trying to do more comfort food for us coming in. So I thought I'd do a bonus recipe for you. This is a recipe I didn't many, many moons ago very. The quality wasn't all that great. I had a couple requests. Chris can you redo these? I think there's a gentleman from the US and one, another gentleman from down in South Africa. We're raving about this. We're doing stewed ox steels. Not ox steels, still. Stewed ox steels. Vives it up. You're gonna like this one one month. I'll just quickly show you the sort of prerequisite for getting this recipe together. One of the things we need to do, and first of all what I would recommend doing is have your butcher cut it up into one inch pieces because that bone is gonna be hard. I don't think you have a machine at home to cut it up. Because you're cutting it and because we like washing all meats in the Caribbean. Now when you cut it with a band so it will leave a lot of grit and stuff like that. So what I'm going in here with I have one line. Cool water. We're just gonna squeeze that line in there. Give it a good rinse. Scrip off any extra fat and stuff like that and give it a good wash. Rinse it with more cool water and then drain it. We're gonna season it up after. So we've got the cut and cleaned ox steels now. We're gonna season it and marinate it for a couple hours at least so we're going in with salt. We're gonna hit him. Heins it up with a little ketchup. Cool, that just give them a little prop stable. Who made Caribbean green seasoning and I have a recipe on CaribbeanPot.com for this. We're going in with about a tablespoon of that and if you're not familiar with green seasoning it is a combination of all the herbs that we like using in the Caribbean and we make it into sort of an everyday paste. Some black pepper. A little Worcestershire. For my silent something we're gonna go in with some ground or spice. All the ingredients I use here today will be listed down in the description of the video. You can also find the recipe on CaribbeanPot.com. I have here half of a large tomato diced half of a medium onion diced. I've got some parsley. An entire scotch bonnet cut up. You can float this whole when we start cooking it but I like it. I want that cake man. I want that Caribbean sunshine. So that's going in there as it is. Now if you brave any handling this pepper like that please wear gloves or wash your hands. Well either or you still have to wash your hands with soap and water after and I've got yet two small scallions and I'm missing one key ingredient and that is some grated ginger. So bear it me first like. So in with that grated ginger and I don't like peeling the ginger and all that just that's going to add some nice flavor. Just make sure it's nice and clean and washed and skin that is. So you want to give it a nice dose of that ginger. All you need to do here now is to give that a good mix and allow that to marinate. Overnight would be best if you're greedy like me. Two hours will have to work but I'm really craving this sort of niceness when you're talking about comfort food. It doesn't get much more comfort in than a good stew or stew. So a couple of hours and then we're going to get to putting it all together. I've got a nice heavy pot here. This is my Dutchie pot. You need a heavy pot to really get this stewing process done. Perfect and this is all about timing here. So what I would recommend doing. I'm going to go over a tiny bit maybe about a teaspoon of vegetable oil in there and my pot is on high on a high flame and what I would recommend doing is because again it's all about timing. Have the season then marinated. I'll still close by. We're going to go in now with some brown sugar. Just going to crush that down there. Give it a bit more maybe about a tablespoon and a half or so of golden brown sugar. And this is where the timing part comes in as in stewing as we do especially in the southern Caribbean. We want this to go frothy. It's going to melt. It's going to go frothy and it's going to go in amber collier. Don't want it to go black. If it goes black, shut everything down and start over. It will be better. You want it to go in amber collier and then we're going to start adding the seasoned ox steel in here. You're going to see the corners. The edges start to go amber and this is where first of all you need a dry spoon because that is melted sugar in there. Make sure it's a dry spoon and I want to start moving it around because you want all of it to go amber. You can still fast start to go because my heat is on high. You may want to put the fan on or where you're stored on to pull out some of that smoke from your house or open up your windows or put some of that time. I'm going to keep moving this. Notice how it's going frothy. And the color is almost there. It's all about timing as I said. So I'm going to start taking up some of that marinade. It's ox steels and get ready to add it into the pot. There we go. Now here's the thing. It's okay if some of the marinade goes in there but please keep up all that's in the bowl as you marinate it. The ox steels in. We need that. Turn the heat down to medium. Put the lid on there and let that go for about 10 minutes. You'll notice it will spunk up its own natural juices which is exactly what we were hoping for by putting the lid on there. I'm going to crank up back my heat now to high. I want to burn off all of that liquid that's in there. 10-10-15-15 minutes to flavor into the ox steels. So it goes that heat and burning off all of that liquid. And speaking about liquid, what I have here in the same bowl that I marinated the ox steeling, I've got two cups of water in there. You just have to move it around to pick up all that goodness on the bottom there. That's going to go in here as soon as all that liquid burns off. The surface here that's silhouish means all that liquid is gone. You're left with the oil that you started off with at the start. And you notice the nice deep color that's going on here. This step lets you infuse that to bring all that nice color that you're looking for. It's about braising now and this is where patience is going to come in. Now if you want, you can put this in at this point into your pressure cooker and let it do its thing. I'm going to go in with one can of coconut milk. Get that a quick stir. And I'm going to go in with all that liquid. And the remaining marinade that was in the pot there in the bowl. All of that's going in there. Give that a stir. You want to bring this back up to a boil. So put the lid on there. Bring it back up to a boil. And then we're going to reduce it to a very, very gentle simmer and let that go between two and a half to three hours. We want this meat falling off the bone. Okay, but that's serious bubble going on here. So we're going to turn the heat down all the way to low. Let back on. And like I said, let that slowly braise in there. If you need to add some more water near the end, you can certainly add that. It's been bubbling over a couple of hours. So two hours, you know, let's most of that liquid is starting to go down now. My gravy is going to start to thicken up here to think if you find that you're running out of liquid here to really brace this down, you can go in with another cup of water in there. Put the lid back on and let that go for another hour and total three hours. Maybe more depending on how old the animal was. And I'm just slaughtered for this up still. Three hours later, I should have a nice degree. We going on here. Chris, here Caribbean pot always applies to have you guys here in the kitchen with me. Tasted for salt at this point as well. So look at that gravy now. Wash and rice and peas and boil provisions. Just plain oil rice, anything. Tasted for salt, adjusted accordingly. And here is where I like going in with some chopped green onions or scallions at the end here. Always a pleasure to have you guys here in the kitchen with me. Remember to check out Caribbean pot.com. The only difference with the recipe on Caribbean pot.com versus this one. I added coconut milk. Just, you know, spice things up a little bit. Let's see, spice. You