 Part four. So we're going to take a cereal box and cut them into thin strips. I would say no more than half inch strips out of your cereal box. Alright and then you're going to start finishing off the outside of the couch. So you're going to put all the bedding back that was attached to the couch. This is the same old bedding. Just use your staples and put the bedding back onto the side of the couch as well. And then I'm going to take the fabric in the very front before I put the bedding on and I'm going to staple that down as well. And then you're going to take your strips and you see this is going to be the side panel piece and I'm going to show you the old piece and where I was able to iron over the new piece of fabric with all piece of fabric to get that crease there. And it's going to make sure that it fits as you have enough fabric in the back in the front but when you cut out your fabric it should have allowed for that anyway. And then you're going to take your cereal box strip and you're going to line up at the very crease of the arm. Use your staple gun and start stapling your cereal box strip to the crease and that will basically give the side panel a very finished and crispy edge underneath the arm and there you can see it almost done there. So this couch is a little different. It had this track that was able to curve in almost like a UC shape and I'm just going to staple it down with my staple gun because this is exactly how it was when I took it apart. There were usually I've seen nails but this was the first time I've actually seen a staple holding in this track and this is basically the be going to help give the fabric that curved edge on the very like a middle section of the arm and I'm going to open up the teeth that are inside this track with a small flat head screwdriver and like I said I reuse pretty much all of the materials from an old couch. And just get those open so then now you can feed the fabric, the new fabric which has been in a little bit as well but you're going to feed the new fabric onto the teeth there and that way the fabric will catch onto the teeth to hold it in place. I'm sorry my hair got in the way I didn't know my hair was in the way but you can still see a little bit how I'm feeding the fabric onto the teeth and so it can catch and then you want to just use your hammer to kind of smack it on down and keep it tight and then I also found it helpful to use my flat head to help push the fabric inside so it could catch and be stuck like you know like a few teeth and claws scratching some fabric if you know I don't know bad analogy but basically that's it just use your flat head to kind of push the fabric onto the teeth and then use your hammer and then you knock it all down there. This is creating that curve that you may have in your specific cultural loves you and then now it's time to close up the side with this tack this track or tack whatever you want to call it and I'm going to create a crease and I'm going to use an iron to steam that crease out because you're going to want to be able to follow the crease when you're putting in this track and then you want to place the I guess the needle or the nail in the center of your seam allowance and I'm also lining it up on the edge of the iron crease turn it over and line it up make sure the fabric is smooth and then you're going to use your hammer and knock it all down you can use a hammer or a sledge hammer totally up to you. All right and that's all done and that's how it should look finished. So we're working on the back so we worked on the bottom the top the bottom and then we're working on the front and now it's time to work on the back so just use your staple to finish it off by pulling and stapling down and the here since I could now take the legs off and you're catching me to have these I just had to fold over my fabric and then staple it down around the leg just like a look nice and finished and then I went ahead and I stapled down the bottom all right and that's what the back is supposed to look like next so we're going to take our box strip cereal box strips and you're going to pretty much the same as you did with the arm just go ahead and flip over into measure it make sure that it's nice and smooth. Hub one high hand holding it and then go ahead and staple your box strip in place. Now you choose a hammer to make sure that some of the nails that didn't go in going and I'm just going to finish up this process and I'm all done. So time to work on the sides you're going to do the same process as you did with the front. I kind of I bought it I didn't create the crease but you can definitely do that if you want to but I'm going to try it into the edge of fabric on a straight line. Turn it over and then use my hammer to knock in all of the nails on the track. All right then you want to take the bottom pull it tight and just start stapling in the back fabric onto the bottom of the couch. All right and this is pretty much the last step. I'm going to take the message that you took off in a very beginning and just going to simply staple it back on. This is the side of relief part of the project and it goes from this to this. I absolutely love, love, love my love scene in my new office. Thanks for watching guys. Bye. Hey homies, you can find more DIY tips tutorials at the handyholdgirl.com and stay at the date but subscribe me to my blog and my YouTube channel. And you can also follow me on Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter and Twitter. See you later guys. Bye.