 Artificial flowers, they are the splendor of the botanical world. The pickle is, they get dusty, and dust has no manners. Let's clean it. Hey everyone, it's Michelle with Peachy Clean. How many of you out there are guilty of being bad house plant parents? These house plants, am I right? They're so meaty, water me, put me in the sun, pick off my dead leaves. Ain't nobody got time for that? Artificial flowers on plants are great for the glectical house plant parents, and a friend of mine was kind enough to borrow me some of these dusty flowers. These are few shots of what these flowers, berries, and leaves looks like prior to cleaning. Eel. For your very dusty flowers, fill a bucket with warm water and a touch of soap. Don't forget your favorite cleaning toothbrush. Dunk flowers, leaves, berries, and yes, even eucalyptus. And what the heck, let's throw in this goofy looking thing. Swish them around a bit and gently use your cleaning toothbrush to clean the petals, leaves, berries, and other miscellaneous rickrack. You can then give them a shower under some running water. What's that you think? You've got company coming in 10 minutes? Well, for arrangements that just need the quick touch up, you get to go on locations all the way to the far reaches of your driveway. So, I picked up a can of this silk and dried flower cleaner from the local flower shop, and we're going to see how this works. Apparently, it blows off slash disintegrates like dust. This would also be your best alternative when dealing with anything too delicate to submerge in water. I should say, while doing my research, I did come across some information about using salt to clean flowers. The idea is to fill a plastic or paper bag with some salt. Throw in your artificial flowers and shake it. The grains of salt are supposed to knock all of the dust off the petals and leaves. Well, when I tried it, it didn't do anything but make a mess. So, for all of you out there in Cyberland, if you've had luck using this method, please tell me what I'm doing wrong. Well, artificial flower enthusiasts, didn't we have a peachy time cleaning out these flowers today? Do you have any tips for me on cleaning artificial flowers? If you do, please leave them in the comment section below. And if you liked this video, why not like the video. Thanks for watching, and we'll see you next time, PGP.