 Hey guys Lisa Roeberry here welcome back to my channel. Today we are going to be talking about Mason jars. I love Mason jars. I don't live in the country. I don't have like a country chic theme to my house. I just think they're absolutely adorable so I wanted to share them with you. I mean I even have Mason jars that hold my makeup brushes. I just think they're super cute so when since you started creating Mason jar inspired warmers I was ecstatic so I started collecting them and I am excited to share them with you today in case there's any other people and I know there's a lot of you that love Mason jars as much as I do so it all started with this guy here chasing fireflies. This was the warmer of the month for September back in 2014 and it was a huge hit. Like I had a pre-order list that was going that this warmer is the whole reason I started pre-order lists and that was the first month I did it. I had a huge list and even the people that were on my pre-order list they had to wait like six to eight weeks for theirs and people who were placing orders when it was already on back order. It was taking some people like six months to get so this was a popular one. I'm really really glad that they decided to keep it permanently. It's just I love this so let me kind of share with you how it's designed. So this is essentially the entire dish because this will sit on top of a bulb and base like you will see and one of the other warmers that I'll show you. I was just warming this so the wax isn't it's pretty solid at this point but I didn't want to like jostle it around too much. So you've got your wax dish here. It's silver on the sides here to represent the lid and then it's light blue on the inside and then the rest of the warmers all light blue on the front it says remember to stop and chase the fireflies and then you've got fireflies that are all around the warmer. It's really really pretty when you light it up you'll see with the smaller version of this when you light it up the little bodies of the fireflies light up. It's so so cute. I just love this. I keep this in my kitchen so this is where it all started is chasing fireflies. So that is the full size. We did design this to be a night light warmer as well. I have attached this to the tabletop base but when you order the night light a version of the chasing fireflies you get a little plug-in base with a toggle switch on the front so you can use it that way or you can attach it to the tabletop base. So once again it's an exact replica of the full size warmer but it's just smaller. It's so cute. So it still says remember to stop and chase the fireflies plus you've got the fireflies that are all around the warmer. Super cute. You've got the silver top and the blue dish inside. So once you have it lit let me show you. Sorry my camera sucks you guys. So it's more of like this really soft amber light color. It's really really nice. I like it. It's really pretty calming. Yeah I just love this. A lot of people think this is really a pretty summary type of a warmer. I keep mine displayed all year because I just I just love them. So this is the night light version of chasing fireflies. Now for some holiday mason jar warmers. Oh my gosh this is making a ton of noise. Okay I'm gonna put the base down. So this is once again this is just design the same way as the chasing fireflies warmer where it is essentially the whole thing is the dish and it sits on top of the bulb in the base. So this is let it snow and this is available now in the holiday section of my website that I will always have listed down below. This is called let it snow. It is completely all white. The entire thing is all white and it's kind of like it's it's a smooth finish but it's kind of like it's like a porous feel to it almost. I've seen some people actually paint this and you you can totally do that. I just decided to keep mine white. So I love the detail as always. You've got some kids that are building a snowman. You've got some houses in the background with some trees. Some kids that are going sledding. You've got a little street lamp there. More kids in a Christmas tree. It's just I just love the details that go into these warmers. It's just it's amazing and it's modeled after a mason jar what could be better right? So when this guy is turned on it's kind of the same. It's a really soft white light. I'm really sorry that my camera sucks so much you guys see if I bring it back a little bit. It's just it's a really soft white light. I just love this and like I said you've got the details all the way around. It's just really really nice. So I like that. This is let it let it snow. Like I said you got you get the base and the light bulb that it sits right on top of just like that. So that's $35 in the holiday section of my website. And then of course we all know what I'm going to talk about next. It's winter frost which is the warmer of the month for this month and for December as well. So I've beat this to death. I just I love this. It's so so pretty. I one of the things I love the most about it is the fact that we went back to a traditional structure with the dish that is removable. So instead of having it sit on a base and bulb this is this is your base now and then you've got your bulb inside with the mirrored glass inside and then you have your dish here. This is a 20 watt bulb that comes with this guy. The other two full size warmers are 25 watt bulbs not that that matters. It's still you still get the scent throw from this. Do not put a 25 watt bulb in this. You will start a fire. You can burn the dish and make it smell terrible. It's just this warmer is meant to have a 20 watt bulb in it. That's why it comes with a 20 watt bulb. So don't please don't put a 25 watt bulb in there. You will also avoid your warranty. So I love this. I love the color of this. This like iridescent blue frosty blue color. And then the snowflakes are just gorgeous in this. I'm going to turn it on even though my camera sucks. It's just so beautiful. And when you turn this on and the way I have it placed I have it placed in the corner of my living room and it just it casts these snowflakes on the walls and it's just beautiful. I just I can't get enough of this. And then when the wax is melted you can see like the mirrored inside. It's just it's gorgeous. This is by far my favorite armor right now. Gorgeous. So this is 36 dollars through December. So definitely get your hands on this while you can. I love this. I wanted to share this for anyone else who has a mason jar obsession the way I do. If you have any questions definitely feel free to let me know down below. This is my mason jar warmer collection. Thank you so much for watching. Please subscribe if you're new and I look forward to seeing you my next video. Bye guys.