 We have my Kenwood Jeff mixer. Small problem though as you can see the plastic has gone yellow. So I'm not sure if it's picking up, I think it is. All along here this has gone yellow. That's nice and white. This I've treated already that was yellow. So what we're going to do, I'll show you how we sort this out. Right so the idea is we use hydrogen peroxide. So this is the bottle of eBay, a few pounds, but you need 40% volume, sorry 40 volume and 12% and yeah it's good stuff. Just don't get it on your clothes. So what we're going to do is now put some probably on the front here. Yeah I think that's it. What we're going to do is put a dab on some paper. You might want to put some gloves on for this. And then we just, that's quite a bit actually. Let's just block that up a bit. Right and then we're just going to rub it on just on the yellow bits. So this one's obviously setting the sun on one side. It's been in the kitchen. One side is completely fine, but this bit has completely changed colour. Let's just do that as well. Right I think that is it. So the next bit we want to cover this because we don't want it dry and we don't want it dry. Right I was looking for cling film ideally but we haven't got any. So I'm using no bag which are solid tape. These bits round and then basically we're just going to leave it in the sun. Right there we go. No cello tapes. We have to use masking tape and all we need to do now is put this in the sun. So let's have a look. This has been out in the sun all day now with the high-speed proxies and the plastic inside. And there we go. So that would work pretty well. Maybe a bit of yellow there but all of that looks good. So I'm quite pleased of that. I'll do it before and after at the end of this video so we can see. Okay thanks for watching. What I did throughout the day actually before I forget is that the hydrogen peroxide, which I'll wipe off in a bit with a baby wipe, but I kind of added it throughout the day because it was drying out because I didn't have proper cling film as to see it in old supermarket bags. So yeah. Anyway, yep thanks for watching. Bye.