 Hey y'all, so today I'm going to be making a cookie for you and it's called a Snickerdoodle. Now, the reason that I'm going to make them for you, I had not originally planned this, but I had mentioned Snickerdoodles in a previous video and a lot of you said, what's a Snickerdoodle? Can you make a Snickerdoodle? Tell me, what is a Snickerdoodle? So I decided I would just go ahead and make them so that everyone will know what a Snickerdoodle is. Absolutely one of our favorite cookies. So anyway, let's just go ahead and get this Snickerdoodle cookie recipe started. Okay, getting started on our Snickerdoodle cookies, you're going to need a hand mixer or a stand mixer. We're going to add one cup of butter and that's two sticks and make sure that these are at room temperature and to that we're going to add three four scops of white sugar and one half cup of light brown sugar. We're just going to blend those together until everything is nice and smooth. Okay, now while our mixer is on a just a lower speed, we're going to go ahead and add the next ingredients and that is one egg and one egg yolk. So one of the eggs, you're going to go ahead and drain all of the white off of it and to that we are also going to add one tablespoon of vanilla. Okay, our next step while it is mixing, we're going to be adding a teaspoon of baking soda, a teaspoon of cream of tartar, one half teaspoon of kosher salt and one tablespoon of, I'm sorry, one teaspoon of cinnamon, just one teaspoon. Okay, now to this, we are slowly going to add in two and three four scops of flour while this continues to mix. Okay, awesomeness boy, you guys with this cinnamon, oh my goodness, this smells so good. Just wait until you smell them baking. Oh my goodness, love to cook with cinnamon. Especially this time of year, just don't you know, make sure how smell like fall, love it, love it. Okay, so I'm going to go ahead and clean up here just a bit and get our cookie sheets ready because we are ready to roll these into balls and get them onto our cookie sheets. Okay, so our oven is on 325 degrees, now we're going to go ahead and get our thicker doodles all onto our prepare pan. Now you can either spray it lightly with a cookie spray or use parchment paper. So I'm just going to roll my Snickers doodle cookies into a ball and raise them right onto the parchment paper and I'm going to do a dozen cookies on this cookie sheet. Okay, so my next step is going to be to roll these cookies in some cinnamon and some sugar. Now here I've got a fourth cup of sugar and a tablespoon of cinnamon. I just mixed it up really well together and I'm just going to roll the cookie into the cinnamon and the sugar, oh my stars. I absolutely love these. Okay, so these are going to, like I say, go into a 325 degree oven, 10 to 12 minutes. Now about halfway through my cooking time, I rotate my cooking sheet. So if I slide them in this way, I'm just going to take them out and turn them around and pop them in the other way for the rest of the cooking time. So anyway, 325 degrees for 10 to 12 minutes. Okay, so the last batch of Snickers doodles coming out of the oven and they smell so yummy. Now to let you know that this batch, this recipe makes 3 dozen, just about 3 dozen cookies. Okay, y'all hope that you will give these a Snickers doodle cookies a try because they really are so yummy and make your house smell so fabulous while they are baking. So anyway, y'all, I appreciate your watching. I'll see you again next time. Bye now.