 Hi everybody, so some of you might be wondering why am I not wearing any pants? Well, today I'm going to show you everything I know about crinolins or what you might know better as hoop skirts. So the one I have, I'm afraid I don't remember where I got it. It was off of eBay, it was only $15 for a full six tier one and I'm sure if you just go to eBay and search for crinolins or hoop skirts you can find tons of them that are really cute. So I'm just going to show you what I have here. So as you can see I have this six tier and it has a diameter of about 55 inches and what you do to actually put it on is you have these draw strings at the top and you just loosen them as much as you need to and step into it. It's fairly wide so these crinolins are really one size fits all and you just step into it like so and pull it up to your waist. Then you take the draw strings and just gather the fabric down so that you can pull the strings tightly but not too tightly around your waist. And it might be a little bit easier if you can't get a good grip on the strings to just sit down on the ground. So when you're done tying it off then you just move the edge to the back and there you go. And as you can see with this one it's made from very lightweight metal boning and here very similar to spring steel boning and you can see it's it's very light and it sweeps around you quite easily. What's nice about this crinolant is that you can actually take the boning out and put it in the wash. So you can see here you have the boning that's in these satin little boning channels on the underside here. And the boning is not one continuous circle. It is actually just a long piece that's clipped together by these little plastic ends here. So you can fly the plastic ends off, take out the boning and then just throw it in the wash. The one thing that I would want different about this crinolant is if you look at the profile here I would rather have instead of it being equidistant out in the front and the back I would like to have it a little bit more like this. So what you would have is a little bit less space in the front and a little bit more fullness in the back underneath the dresses. One way that you can do that is an easy modification is just to take two pieces of string and sew it on the inside of the front here and then just take those pieces of string and pull it around your bum and tie it off. So the tighter that you make those strings on the inside the more you're going to pull the front towards you and then the more the back is going to pop out. I just hadn't had the time to do it with this one in particular. So the hoops here are actually quite flexible so you don't have to worry about not being able to fit through doorways or skinny hallways or anything like that. It's also very good for storing because you can really kind of like rumble it up and throw it in a bag and when you take it out it pops right out again. Now I'm going to teach you the different ways to sit down. To sit down on the ground is extremely easy. Very self-explanatory you just nail yourself down and smooth out your skirt just taking out all the air and there you go very elegant. Now to sit on a chair is very different. You want to choose chairs or benches that don't have any arm rests because those arm rests aren't going to give you the space that you need for your skirt. So here's my chair here. Now with these modern crinolins with the very flexible hoops you can sit down fairly normally just uh, perched down on the end of the seat and because the hoops aren't stiff they're not going to pop up like this and show everything underneath. So you can sit fairly normally like so. However if you want to be proper about it what you would do before you sit down on the chair just take your foot and lift it up like so and place your hoops on the back of the chair and then just put yourself down making sure you're not rumbling or sitting on any of the hoops in the back and there you go. So I hope this was informative to you. Hoops skirts are really cheap and also a lot of fun so I recommend everybody play with them at least once in your lifetime. I'll talk to you guys later. Bye.