 Hey, hey, come here. Are you ready to show them how to color sand and buff? Come on, come here. Get it, come here. You ready to show them how to color sand and buff? You don't like that color, do you? First time out in the shop, it's always a bitch, ain't it bud? All right, are you ready to show them how to color sand and buff? Well, let's get her done, okay? There you go. Welcome to DIY AutoMotive School with my friend Pete and Mini, the Body Shop Girl. It's everything you need to know about cars and more. Okay, what we're going to do today, we're going to learn how to color sand properly. I got a bunch of videos about color sanding. Some of them are going depth and some of them are just kind of whipping through, but this one is going to be in detail of what you need to use, how to use it in the proper way to sand to get the job done quickly. I'm going to show you two different ways of doing it. And one is with a DA sander, and the other one is by hand. Let's get started, and let's see if we can get her done. If you look down on the floor here, what you're looking at is a nice, clean, five gallon bucket of water. It's just regular old tap water. There's no soap added to it. There's nothing added to it. I do not use soap in my color sanding. You're going to hear people say, put a couple drops of dissoap in it. It makes the sandpaper glide across it. That's basically what it does. It glides across it and doesn't sand. What you want to do is use nice, clean water. That's it. Nothing else. And make sure that your bucket is thoroughly clean and doesn't have no trash in it before you fill it up with water. Dust particles and trash and sand specks. If it is mixed in with your water, will ruin your paint job. It will leave gouges in it. It will also leave small, microfint scratches. And when you go to buff the car, you're going to think, what the hell did I do wrong? I did exactly what I was supposed to do, and I screwed up. So make sure that your water bucket and your water is thoroughly clean every time that you start this. So as we look right here, we have a door that goes to a 1969 Carmen Gia. Now, the procedure that I'm going to show you basically covers any automotive related type color sanding, wet sanding buffing procedures. And the first thing we're going to do, we're going to go over what we need and how to use it. The first thing you need is a good sponge. Nice, clean sponge. Make sure that you do not drop your sponge on the floor. Especially when it's wet, it will pick up dust particles and sand particles and microfint dust that will scratch it. So always keep your sponge nice and clean. Another thing we're going to use is a hard rubber squeegee. This is a wet dry, hard rubber squeegee. And what that's for is to squeegee as your color sanding, and that's going to show you your highs and lows and you're clear. Now, when I say highs and lows, I'm talking about orange peel, for instance, or you might get some dust particles in your paint. Okay, what this is going to do when you squeegee that, and I will show you that, it's going to show you the variance in colors, okay, of where your high spots and low spots are that you have to sand down properly. We got us a double-sided wet sanding block here. It's a flex block. Okay, on one side, it's usually black and the other side is gray. Now, what that does, this is a two-tone gray. It's a dark gray and a light gray. Okay, you got a soft spongy side on one side and you got a hard rubber side on the other side. I'm going to show you how to use that properly to make the job quicker. And of course, we got our sand paper. Okay, now, we're going to start out with 1,500. I do not start out with 1,000 or 1,200. I always start out with 1,500. Okay, there is times that you will have to start out with 1,500. If you get a lot of orange peel in your paint, okay, you're going to have to use start with 1,200. I've been doing this for 30 years, 28 years to be exact. So, I know how to lay the clear down where it blends in and flows out good, where I don't get a lot of orange peel. And most of the paint jobs I put out, I could actually just let them go out the door like they are. But I want to do a top quality job on everything I do. So, I always color sand and buff everything. Okay, so we're going to start out with 1,500. Now, this is a wet sand paper. This is how you purchase it. You purchase it in a sleeve, okay, which includes 50 sheets. Okay, and it's not that cheap. That's $38 of a sleeve. Okay, for this brand right here, I like to use the top notch brands. I don't use aftermarket brands or inexpensive brands of sand paper because you got to understand this is the finished product. This is the last thing we're going to do to give our car that show quality look. So, it's always good to use a high quality sand paper, okay, and do a proper job. So, what we're going to do is we're going to start out with our sanding block. Now, the way that you want to fold the sand paper onto your block, you want to start folding on the soft side. I always start your fold on the soft side. That's going to give you, let me show you, we got one, okay, so we're going to have three pieces of sand paper, which is going to use it all. See, we're going to basically use the soft side, okay, we're going to use the soft side more than the hard side. So, we want to make sure that we got the folded end, okay, on the soft side. So, I always start your fold of the sand paper on the soft side of the block. Okay, make sure you got a nice tight fit around there. If it hangs over a little bit, that's okay, you just fold it over. Okay, so you just sponge, as you see, and go ahead and dip it in your water and vigorously let it pour onto the piece that you're wet sanding. Now, you want to leave your sponge there, so all you got to do is just give it a little tap. See, you don't want to always, because you don't really need that much water like you think. And then you want to take your sand paper, okay, with your block, and go ahead and dip it in the water as well. So, what we're going to do is we're going to start sanding with the hard side. Now, what the hard side is going to do, it's going to take that shiny, glistening, ice skating feel off it, like your hands just rolling across it. Okay, using a hard surface will break it down quicker. Do you see what I'm saying? And we're also going to look at this door as a pattern. We're going to look at it as a grid. Okay, I'm going to do this in three sections. And when I say three sections, I'm only going to concentrate on this much of the door, and then I'll move to the center section, and then to the rear section. The reason you do that, okay, is to ensure that you get all of the orange peel out and all of the tracks. If you go ahead and just sand the whole thing at one time, what's going to happen is you're rushing through it. Okay, basically, if you cut it off in sections, it actually goes a lot faster. So, we take our sponge, just like you saw, and we're going to start out on the hard side. Remember, I told you to start your folder, your sandpaper on the soft side, so you got two pieces of sandpaper to use. And all we're going to do is just go over it. You can see that it's turning white, okay? So, you're just going to go over half it. Now, I'm not giving it a lot of pressure. And I'm using my fingers, okay, if you notice the way that I've hold this, I'm using my finger as a guide to go around the edge. Okay, we want to stay away from burning this edge. So, I'm using my finger. Now, I'm going back and forth, and I'm getting to this point right here, see? So, now, what I'm going to do is I'm going to come in here, and my finger is a guide to keep the sandpaper away from it if you can see that. Okay, so, I'm going to go ahead and get that. Then, I'm going to come up, I lift up on the sandpaper and bring it up on the top ridge. Okay, and now, I'm using my thumb to stay away from that. Okay, and then, I'm actually going to go ahead and get all this. And you can see that the clear is turning Milky White. Okay, and all I'm doing is breaking the top coat of the clear. Then, I'm going to lift it up. Did you see I did that? I didn't sand across it. I lifted it up. Now, I'm using my thumb as a guide. Okay, I'm going to get that right there. We're going to take our squeegee, and we're just going to squeegee it off nice and easy. We're not going to get fancy with it. We're not going to shake, rattle, and roll. All right, we're just squeegeeing off just so we can see what it looks like. And if you look real close, this is what I'm talking about. If you see the spot, now, I just touched it with water. Let's squeegee it off. There you go. If you see, you can see dark and light spots. You can see little lumps. Okay, that is orange peel. We want all of our door to look just like this area right in here. Okay, where it's solid, and you can't see nothing. Now, I also noticed that I got a couple trash specks you can see right here. Okay, so it's very, very easy to find these once you use the hard side of your block as a starter. You can see on the edge right there where there's orange peel. And you can see right in this area where I didn't sand it. Okay, so what I'll do is I'll go over it one more time with the hard side of my block to ensure that I... Thanks for watching DIY AutoMotive School. Classes don't stop till you know everything.