 Hi guys, we're going to talk now about Sands of Irias, which is commonly called the snake plant. It's not a pretty name, but there you have it. This is Laurenti, which is your basic cultivar, the one that we use the most frequently, the one that's been on the market forever. It's got the yellow margins. This is the silver one. It's much paler, easier to burn in hot sun. A lot of people think, oh, you can't burn a snake plant or a Sands of Iria, but you can. If this one got dry in the sun, it would burn. And this one is the darker one. This is Xelanica. It's got beautiful green upon green markings. And the reason I'm really pointing out these cultivars is because oftentimes people will order one and they don't remember which one it was. And if you have a row of them, you do want to make sure you get the right cultivar again. So remember Xelanica, dark, silver is the light, and then your basic standard is Laurenti right here. Now a lot of people don't really seem to get the care of these. A lot of people will revert to the, give it a little drink as far as, you know, because that way I won't kill it by over watering it. But you can kill it by under watering it too. And we've talked a little bit about this in other training sessions. These have really thick, nice roots. If you water it just a little bit every week when you're in your accounts. You're going to eventually, the roots will die off. You're going to eventually have very short roots. And these will wiggle around just as badly as if you overwatered it. So recall from former training videos, the thickness of these roots. These are too big. I'm not going to pull them out today. They need to be kept moist. So water it fully. Let it dry down. Make sure you're not ignoring the center. Sometimes I go into accounts and the outside looks good. Inside is dead from lack of water. You can underwater a plant to death as well as overwater it to death. Although overwatering is probably the most frequent cause of problems with these guys. So just remember keep your cultivars straight if you're ordering one. A new one for an account. Remember to water well. Let it dry down. Keep it clean. Just like any other plant. It benefits from being spunged off. Sprayed with a little leaf shine product. They look beautiful when they're well cared for and kept full. You have any other questions I'm always available to answer them. Have a great day out there. See you next time.