 So the project that I'm going to be reviewing today is the House Mile automatic and this is a GC42047 in one multi-use programmable and this is a pressure cooker, slow cooker, rice cooker, saltay, yogurt maker, steamer and warmer all in one. So just says a thousand watts six liter. This is the box that I came in so this is the official unboxing. So, okay so this is the tab in the unit comes. Let's type it off. Okay, I'm going to take off all of that. Please tear up this note before using. Okay, take it off. Okay, let's open the unit. Okay, so inside I came in some accessories. Looks like steamer rack, measuring cups, ladles, it comes with protective sheets on the bottom. Let's go to this plastic off. So that's the inside of it. And so let's see. Here, I'm going to take the inside. And I'm almost sending that to you. Very nice. This is the condensation. Okay. This is the condensation cup. It catches all the water that comes out from the pressure cooker. You definitely don't want to lose that. I remember reading up on that. So let me get everything cleaned up here and we're going to do a recipe. So to turn the unit on, you're going to plug it in. Okay, so this is the healing element. And I'm already going to load the inside here. And I'm going to press the pressure setting button because we're going to turn the machine on to saute method. And I'm going to turn the timer on. So this is the front display. It's rice cooker, cake, soup, bean. You have a time preset button. You have a taste button. You have the plus and the minus and plus button. You have the pressure setting button. You have porch, fish, ribs, and poultry. So I already pressed the warm button because I wanted to begin to warm the unit up. But I'm going to go ahead and preset my time first. So because I'm doing my chicken stock, we're going to use the pressure setting today. So I'm going to hit the cancel button to turn off the warm. And I'm going to cook my chicken broth for about an hour. Usually it takes about four hours. You know what? We're going to take it to 45 minutes. We're going to just take the ultimate challenge. So it's going to blink to this play screen. And it's not blinking. And then this light comes on to indicate that it's heating. Okay, so this is an easy recipe. So I have a chicken back here that I saved from a chicken that I cut up. And then I take that in. So you hear that sear that this you know that the saute function does work. But I'm not going to saute anything. So I'm going to put in the water. And then I have here a onion, large onion that I just split in half. I have a large carrot that I just shaved. I threw that in, threw it in there. I have a few cloves of garlic as well as some celery. So I throw the celery in there. And then I got some salt. So culture salt, black pepper and oregano. Stir everything here. And what I'm going to do is just put the lid on the pressure. So you have the unlock. It has a... I hope you guys can see that. The lock and unlock. We're going to place it where the unlock is facing front. And just line it up with the side of that handle. So this is going to press it down a little and then turn it to lock. Then here is a valve that's on top. This is the steam release now. Always make sure it's pressed to the left. Because the left is the seal and then the right is the release. So automatically the machine is just going to run its course. You're going to hear it beep after 45 minutes. And we'll be back. So I'm going to hit the pressure release valve to the right. Well, I'm going to hit the cancel button first. Turn the machine off. This way screen goes to zero. The light is off. I'm going to hit the steam release to the right. I'll be back on the valve and see you come out. So all the pressure has been released. I'm going to... Let's see. Well, we can tell this that my chicken is shredded. The carrots are very soft. But I'm going to put this in there for another 15... Well, we'll do another 20 minutes. Because I like the carrots to really infuse in there. It's not bad for 45 minutes. There we go. For 20 minutes, I'm going to hit pressure. I'm going to hit the plus button. Go to 20 minutes. Let go. The screen is going to blink for a few seconds. And the heating light is going to indicate that it's heating up. And now the heating light. So this is going to heat up. Then it's going to cook for 20 minutes. So we'll be back to release the pressure. OK, so it's done. I'm going to hit the cancel button here. Everything cleared. I'm going to hit the pressure release valve to the right. OK, let's see what the chicken broth looks like. I'm going to turn it to unlock. The smell is amazing. So there's a little groove here on the side of the lid. I can just put it under the edge of the pressure cooker. And it will hold there. Which is one thing I like about this. We know that it's done because of the test that we did earlier. The chicken is, yes, all the meat is followed off the bone. So I'm going to give this a taste test. You see what it... Wow. That's pretty freaking good. So what I'm going to do is... I'm going to let it cool completely. I can strain it and strain it to a cheesecloth and use it for my soup or whatever I'm making. So that you have it right here. This beautiful one color, beautiful flavor. What I'll do is let this cool and all that fat that comes up to the top once it chills and refreasurator, it will solidify. I'll just cool all that solid fat off. So you guys see the nut over chicken stock. So all that fat that's on top that's chilled, it's chilled. I'm going to strain all that off. So for the rice function, we're going to start in a salt and mole for the rice. So we're going to hit the rice and the machine is going to indicate that it's powering on. And now it's heating up. Once it heats up, we're going to begin with the salt. I'm going to heat my omens so I can get hot. And I got sausage here that I put on the inside. And don't use the metal to break anything up inside of this pressure cooker pot. Make a ruin it. So classic or wooden only. Before I do have here some peppers that I diced up, and some some couplers safely used that I cut it very fine. I'm going to add that. So I'm just going to saute this just for a moment. I'm going to continue to use my spoon to crumble up the sausage. You can use pork sausage or turkey sausage. But you know, you choose to use. I'll also put a green onion in there also because I want it to be flavor to be melted. So I just kept cooking this. So what I'm going to do is add rice. I'm using light brown rice. Okay, the chicken stock that we made earlier, I'm going to add that. And the black pepper to merit. I don't think it's going to need any more salt. Because I know that my chicken stock is well seasoned. Plus the sausage in here has a little bit of salt. And this is tamarind. Or turmeric. Some people say it in different ways. So I'm going to put the lid down here. Sorry about this, but I want to put the lid on there a little ago. And I just hit the rice button which is 12 minutes. So it's finished. I'm going to get the lid down. I'm going to be right back. So all the pressure has been released. I'm going to open it. Let's see what it looks like. Oh wow. It smells amazing. It looks amazing. Okay, so I'm going to put the lid on and just let this sit. But it's done. But I'm going to let this sit for about 10 minutes. I just want to flip it. And we'll be back. So some of the rice and the balls so you guys can see it. Definitely looks wonderful. So here is the rice. I hope you guys can see that. Good close up. I have some here on the side that I've already. So I won't eat off the main serving bowl. So I'm going to go ahead and give this a taste. Hmm. This is so delicious. And it didn't take no time to whip this up. 12 minutes. We have good old fashioned southern and dirty rice. One hour you have chicken stock. If you guys like this product, check the description box and head over. Get you one. I love it and I'm happy with it. Thank you so much, House of Mew. If you guys enjoyed this recipe, please give me a thumbs up. Please leave me a comment. Let me know down below what you'd like to see next. And please remember to live and be well. But still, we can't. To come together to love one another. I appreciate all of you. And thank you so much for subscribing and supporting me.