 Hey guys thanks for stopping in. I just realized that May is burger month so I figured I'd better contribute. So I'm going to do like a bacon cheese burger on sourdough or a patty melt I guess you call it. So I'm going to do this on my stove top cast iron griddle. So let's get to bacon bacon. I'm going to cook my bacon in a toaster oven because to me it's the easiest way and it usually cooks nice and evenly. This is a different kind of bacon that I've never tried before. It's a square cut uncured bacon chopped and formed 55% less fat. So hopefully it'll be good. It smells good. I set my oven to bake at 350 degrees. I'm going to let that bacon cook for a few minutes until it looks done. I'm just going to use a frozen burger patty for this. These does 81% lean 19% fat burgers. These are third pound burgers. And these are pretty decent burgers. They're not as much fat as some of these ones that really shrink down enough. And these you actually get a little bit of meat out of them. So get one off of here. There we go. Hammer's the best way to do that. My cast iron griddle is heating up over here. I turned the burner all the way up. So we'll go in and get our burger patty on there. The bacon's been cooking for about 10 minutes and it smells pretty darn good. So let's check on that. I think that's probably done. I'll go in and shut that off right there. Just let that sit there. Why the burger cooks. My burger's been cooking for about five minutes on this side. So it's probably ready for a flip here. Looking good. Well my burger's cooking. I got out the rest of my ingredients. I have some good sliced sourdough bread there. And I'm going to use some sliced velvet cheese and some sliced abardi cheese. And I'm just spreading mayonnaise on the outside of my bread rather than butter just because I like it better that way. My burger's been cooking for five minutes on that side now. And I think it's about done. You can see the blood bubbling out at the top there. So I'm going to get it off of there. All right. I turned the stove burner off for now. And I wiped the grill off. Let's see if I can put this sandwich together. Okay. Manning is on the outside of that piece of sourdough. So that goes down. I guess we'll go ahead and put the two slices of Havardi cheese on that bottom piece. And then we will put our burger patty on top of that. And let's see. I guess we'll go. Let's see. I guess we'll put the bacon there. Go with three pieces of bacon. And there's one left over for me to eat. Okay. Now what? More cheese. We'll go with the two slices of American cheese. And then we have our top piece of sourdough. Man, the sourdough bread smells really good. Okay. Now I'm going to turn the burner back on kind of a lower heat. And just let this cook until all that cheese melts. So we'll be back in a little bit. That cheese looks like it's melting pretty good. Let's see if I can flip this thing. Oh yeah. Nice. This looks pretty good to me. Let's have a bite and see how it turned out here. That's pretty good. I like this bacon. Dip that in a little bit of ketchup and mustard this time. This is good. There's my contribution to burger month. Thanks for watching you guys. And I'll talk to you next time.