 Good morning. This morning we are going to show you how we prepare Belgian waffles. I've been trying to make good Belgian waffles for over 30 years. I've tried different kinds of waffle makers, electric stove top, tried different kinds of recipes. What I'm going to talk to you about this morning is what I've been using for about 10 years. And this works every time. I use anjumima, original recipe. I used to use premix, but it turned out that premix just did not cut it. So this anjumima original recipe requires the use of milk, eggs, and oil, addition to the mix. The waffle maker that I use, there's nothing unusual about it. It has some kind of coating on it, but it's not a nonstick coating. They've owned several of these things. They look sort of black in the inside. And it's, they claim to be nonstick, but it doesn't look like teflon or anything like that. The first thing that I do before beginning to make the mix is turn on the flame and start eating the waffle iron. The waffle iron has to be hot in order to keep it the batter from sticking. It has to be completely heated, uniformly heated. As you can see, the flame is not that high. It's like a medium flame. This is the perfect size for making waffles. It takes several minutes, maybe 10 minutes, to properly heat up this waffle iron. And I rotate it, but it wants every two minutes in order to make sure that it's uniformly heated. Because I'm single and don't have anybody else to cook for most of the time, I alter the recipe. I use a one half cup of flour of the mix. I add one egg. This is a little bit more concentrated than it is called for the recipe, but it all comes out the same. I use a tablespoon of oil. And then I add milk to get the proper consistency. It has to be pretty thin. When it comes off the spoon like this, I add the rest of the waffles. When it comes off the spoon like this and this consistency, I know that it's right. Meanwhile I'm turning over the waffle iron every couple of minutes to make sure that it's uniformly heated. Now we're going to add the mixture to the waffle iron. It's important to spread it around so that it covers uniformly, but not too much. You don't want it to overflow. This is what it should look like. And immediately you close it and turn it over. Very important. Otherwise it has a tendency to flow out and not make a uniform waffle. To see this is the time it's about 8.43 when we started baking the waffle. About every two minutes I turn over the waffle so it makes on both sides. There's a little wire thing that keeps the waffle maker closed. It's very important that you have that securing the handle. Otherwise the waffle mixture will raise up and it won't make contact inside the waffle maker completely. So we're turning it over about once every two minutes and it takes a long time to make a waffle. You'd be surprised it might take 10 minutes. But I don't look at the waffle to see how it's doing until it starts smelling right. You can sort of tell when it starts to get done. Then I'm very carefully open it up and open up the waffle just to take a peek at it. But very carefully because if I open it up too soon the waffle will separate. Okay, about 8 minutes has passed, 9 minutes maybe. And the waffle is smelling good so we're going to take a peek at it. Okay, it looks really nice. Looks like it came out pretty good. Now we're going to look at the bottom of it to see how that's going. And that comes out pretty good too. And now we have a nice crisp waffle. Really nice. Mmm, tastes good too. And look at the waffle maker. Nice and clean. Nothing stuck. By the way I never use any detergent on the waffle maker. After removing any small pieces of waffle I might rinse it in clear water, let it dry and then I put it away. That's the only maintenance that I do on it.