 Welcome to Studentomics TV. Today we have a really special guest. We have JP Philatio on today. JP's a football coach, professional wrestler, super athlete, dad, pretty nice guy. Well thank you for the introduction but I wouldn't put myself in all those categories but yeah I'm a football coach for high school. I'm a mathematics teacher. Yes father, husband and I do a little professional wrestling on the side. Little bit. Just a bit. So we're talking about how to save money in a budget. When it comes to eating out, I need food and getting in shape. You guys have some amazing shape in your late 30s on a budget. How did you do this? Well thanks for reminding me I'm in my late 30s. When I feel great, I feel great. I feel great. I feel better than when I was 20. You know with the intermittent fasting plan that blog that I wrote for you. You know it tells you all about it but it's been an amazing ride. Somebody introduced me to it back in the day and I just never have gone back to eating regularly again. Always intermittent fasting. So tell everybody what's intermittent fasting and what's so cool about it. Okay so intermittent fasting is great. It's a great way of life. It's not really watching totally what you eat but watching what times you eat. So I do a six hour eating window. So what that is is six hours of eating a day and then after that it would be 18 hours of fast time that I don't eat for. During the 18 hours though I will probably consume black coffee. Oh yeah. I love it. I love black coffee. So do I or espresso. Any black tea is fine. Just nothing in it. So no calories and obviously some BCA so that you don't muscle waste. And some water. Some carbonated water. It's good. So isn't breakfast the most important meal of the day? Absolutely. Breakfast in the case in the sense that breaking your fast is the most important meal of the day. Yes. Breakfast itself doesn't have to be at 8 o'clock in the morning. You could just with the intermittent fasting plan you could just you know get ready in the morning take off not even worry about packing a lunch or anything. So when you go when it's time to eat you know it's always preferable to train on a fasted in a fasted state because your GH level is just spike. So when you want to actually eat is probably after you have worked out in a fasted state. So when you break your fast that's the most important meal that you're putting into your body. So you want to probably start that off with some good nutritional stuff. And then you know you try to watch your diet as much as possible. But you know you can eat regularly and still get in shape with this program. It's crazy because you save so much money by not having breakfast. Breakfast is a waste of time and money because you know you have to wake up early you gotta go through a drive through a way to line pay $10-15 and say you just you just skip it. Maybe for guys like you I don't go to the you know to the window to order breakfast. No no I'll make my own breakfast but you know yeah you get to skip the breakfast it's it's great you can just go you don't have to it's time is money that's really what it is. Time is money remember that always on forever. So you'll never get to you know write that article write that book do that extra course if you're spending all your time you know preparing meals and all that stuff. So what do you eat then? So what do I eat? Is it something special? Not really I just I eat whole some meals every day. Yeah vegan are you? Not a vegan. I cannot be a vegan I wish I could but it's it's much healthier for you but I cannot do it. So yeah just eat I try to eat organic things obviously whenever I can when I have an affordable place to get them so I go to Costco to get any frozen vegetables or nice plug-in for Costco there but anyways for the vegetables eventually. But any vegetables fruits they sell organic big bags so we tend to get stuff from there my daughter has a special eating program too that is all organic so we try to do our best with the organic stuff but nothing really out of the ordinary so I don't limit my rice I eat rice almost daily I eat potatoes I eat all man potatoes crazy. Crazy. Crazy. You have to censor this part out. Yeah exactly but yeah I never limit my carbs this is not a low carb diet it's not a low fat diet or anything like that it's I eat regular it's not low fun either yeah not low fun for sure but you know and then when I have a cheat day that's fine yeah yeah you know if I have a slice of cake or whatever it is I make sure that I have that slice of cake or ice cream during my window right so I don't have it in where I'm supposed to be fasting and of course you know the fasting program you can always do a different six hours a day I actually in my article explain starting at eight hours is a good place to start because that's pretty easy I think the best thing to do is just skip breakfast have a coffee go to work and I just have lunch yeah exactly have lunch and just don't eat late right if you're having lunch at 12 and don't eat past eight o'clock right there you're basically intermittent fasting then you can all set of breakfast do something productive wake up right that article working on book absolutely go for that work out exactly so and then you can eventually bring that down to six hours that's what I do but you know of course the window time can always be adjusted yeah so if you're having that light late party or you're going out with friends Christmas so if you're going I put you in whatever it is if you're gonna have wine at home with the wife oh yeah with the other girlfriend well that's I'm very bad but anyways yeah if you're gonna have some wine in the hot tub with the wife oh what's this PG dangerous what you want to do is you want to make sure that whatever you're gonna have time you're gonna have that late dinner late wine or whatever make sure you count backwards by six hours so you just start much later you know whatever you just have to adjust your windows so you can go and have your your fun right so if you want to save money try intermittent fasting right now the articles in the comments thank you thanks for having