 Alright, so I just came back from vacation and my garbage disposal is not working anymore. When I present this little button here, I don't know if you can hear it, but it's humming. It's not the first time it happens to me, so I knew how to fix it and I thought that I would film it so you can fix it at home if you have the same problem. My garbage disposal is a world away, so bear in mind that this fix is going to be specific for this brand. Alright, so the first thing to do before we go inside the garbage disposal is to actually unplug it. It will be safer this way. So you go under the sink and this is your garbage disposal here, this thing. And as you see, it is plugged in here, so we are going to unplug it. The first thing to check is that nothing fell into the garbage disposal that is preventing the blades from turning. So we are going to remove the little cap here, this, and we are going to see what is going on in there. So you see the blades are these little metallic thing here and I actually cannot see anything like any stone or anything that is preventing the blades from turning. What I see though is some rust. Okay, nothing fell in the garbage disposal, so at this point I know that with my brand as a world away, I need to use a long and strong stick to turn the blades. But be careful, if you have another brand you might have to use a wrench to turn the blades in the, so below this sink, so make sure to check the brand and the way you have to fix this. I'm going to use, and I know that it's not really proper, but I don't have anything better than this to turn my blades. So this is what I'm going to use right now. I think they are turning. Sometimes it can be more difficult than others. One time it was so difficult that I actually had to use a drain O and actually WD40. It seems like this time I'm getting them to turn, so we'll see. The next step is to replag the garbage disposal. And now we'll check and it's not working. I just remembered that the problem is the fact that there are two little blades in a garbage disposal and these are turning without any problem right now. But the part that needs to also move is basically the around blade that is attached under these two little blades, and this part is not moving right now. And this is why I haven't fixed my garbage disposal. So I'm still making sure that it's unplugged. I'm going to make sure also that it has enough WD40 in there. And I'm going to have to use a little bit more muscle to get the whole thing to spin. And so we are going to see if we can do this together. I'm trying to move the little blades a little bit on one side. And then on the other side to R and I'm finally getting somewhere. So I can feel the larger, yes it's moving. The larger round parts moving. So I'm getting there. You see it requires a little bit of strength, but you can do this. It just for your patients and a little bit or a lot of WD40. By the way, if you go to Home Depot and you ask them about WD40 and you tell them it's for your garbage disposal, they are going to laugh. And they are going to tell you that what you need is really a wrench. But I found this trick by looking at posts of other users of WorldWay users. And it's actually WorldWay that gave this trick. So it's keep, you know, take the WD40, don't buy the wrench because for a WorldWay the wrench is not going to do anything for you. And just be nice to the Home Depot guy and say, okay, thank you for your advice. I'm going to do it my way. Okay, it's finally almost there. It was turning, but now it's not turning, that's much easier than that. Okay, now it's turning. All right. So now I got the whole circle thing to turn and top of the plate is turning too. So next step, I didn't leave anything there, I re-clog. Moment of truth. It's working. I fixed it.