 Hi guys, tonight I'm going to be making chicken with vegetables. I'm going to be flouring the chicken with a gluten-free rice flour that I've added salt, pepper, onion and garlic powder and paprika. I'm using a bowl of in-skin on chicken brusque. I'm using a total of five right now. I have only three in the pan. I put some vegetable oil and heated that up and I'm going to brown them on each side. I just want to get the chicken so it's nice and golden brown. I removed the first three pieces and now cooking the final two pieces. Cook this much chicken as you need for your family. In the same pan that I ground up the chicken, I added a red onion chopped up. I kept the oil and all the drippings because there's lots of flavors in there. We're going to cook this till it's just about done. The onions are just about done. I'm now going to add garlic to case. We love garlic. I'm going to want to cook that for about one minute. You don't want it to turn bitter. I'm going to deglaze the pan by adding some white wine. I'm going to let that cook down. Oh, that smells so good. It's going to take a few minutes for that before it cooks off. Use as many vegetables that will take to serve your family. I used one bag of baby carrots and I used six medium-sized red potatoes. Add your vegetables to the pot and give it a stir so it's covered in the onions and the garlic and the wine. I'm going to cook this for five minutes. Now I'm going to add some gluten-free chicken broth. I'm going to start off about three cups right at the moment. I want to get this to a boil. I'm going to add some dried parsley or you can add fresh parsley. The broth has now come to a boil. I'm going to pour this into a large baking dish. Now we're going to top it with the chicken. Just to just nestle it into the broth. There's a really big chicken breast. Now I'm going to cover the pan with some tin foil. I'm going to bake it in a 350 degree oven, cover it for 20 minutes and then we'll uncover it and let it cook until it's done. After 20 minutes I remove the foil and I continue baking the chicken for another 45 minutes or so until it was done. I used my digital thermometer and served it into the chicken when it reached an eternal temperature of 165 it was done. I took a sharp knife just made sure that the vegetables are nice and soft. So dinner is ready. I served the chicken and vegetables in a bowl. First I take the chicken out of the pan and cut it off the bone. Then I add the vegetables and the broth. It smells wonderful and tastes great. I'm serving it with my red lobster cheddar cheese biscuit bread which I will put a recipe on how to make that as well. Thanks for watching. Have a great day.