 It was quite greasy, you can have a look in here, there's a lot of greasy residue in it and a lot up behind all of the light fittings there. I will obviously be really careful with this. I might actually take them out to start. And we have turned off the power, the main power so that we have a shocking experience doing this. And you do have to be careful with electrical bits. So it's safety first, but I'm going to give it a shot of steam and I've got my safety lock on here, so I'm going to take that off. And I'm going to spray in the part of the motor and a lot of grease, take it off there. Obviously these things are designed to have moisture, you're cooking all the time and there's a lot of dirt. So I'm going to put all of that oil on the steam just to soften it a lot and also help to get in. Whoa, that was a nice big stopper. So now that I've got the oil there, start spraying. And it's like you said that I get all the air in, that I have to be really greasy, giving it a run-save over the steam. And I will do the whole a little bit lighter and whatever runs down there. And sometimes all the air is covered nice, right? And really, if the steam is great in the definitely hard to reach places, on top is the result. And then I'm going to spray steam, have the fire and see what stays in between the rails and the hover. And then once I've done that, safety is back on that. I should be right to just give it a light down. Could you give me one of those the white tails there please? I do like moving telling because it's really absorbent. And to just pick up the moisture and the grease. And this will eliminate a lot of scrubbing that we used to doing. And also take down a lot of a fat and the grease. Which will come out all the difficult spaces and I'm going to just keep on mopping it out. I want to make sure that you get it all dry and leave it for a few hours too before you turn the mains back on. And also a little bit careful around some of the rails and that can be quite sharp on the inside here. But certainly I've tried many different methods and I find this. To be really effective. If you have a look here, you see like the fat drips out from all of these spaces. And they normally are really difficult to get in even with the scrubbing brush. I love the feel of it because it's just tell all the grease. It's right off. It's really good for the technician too not to have to scrub a lot because our older methods was using a lot of scrubbing. It's a difficult angle and it can be really tough on your shoulders. And easy to have injuries. So I really love this process. I'll also take some photos and upload it with this post. But I am a fan. I'll see you later. So I want my crew.