 Hey guys, all right, let's get to it. Here's the before of the closet that I share with my husband. It is a total mess of pre-baby, maternity clothes, and everything in between having three kids in six years. So when Presley came home with this clothing drive flyer for charity, I knew that it was finally time to tackle this closet, and we did it in one day. All right, so step one, clear everything out. I took everything from my closet. There goes nothing. Excuse me. And dump it on my couch. Oh my gosh. I have to warn you, this is somewhat of an overwhelming approach. Not funny, but it certainly forces you to start. I think I've committed. Number two, sort into piles. Definite giveaways. All right, so many pre-kids. Keepers, some things you can't get rid of. We'll hold on to this. Things that need to be ironed are clean. Things beyond repair. This used to be my favorite sweater, Presley. And stuff you aren't sure about. Maybe that. Try on. That was definitely the biggest pile. Look at, I think my trion pile is getting way too big. My advice here is to be decisive. Don't use that anymore. Be quick. Know that it's going to get worse before it gets better. I've got it all under control. And just got to keep going. You just got to tackle it. Step number three, try on. You guys, I didn't realize just how much my body and my style has changed since having kids. I'm so short this day. I seriously can't do it. I'm not putting this in the air yet. This was tough. I made a decision to not hold on to old favorites, hoping that maybe one day they would fit, and really focus on what looks going on me now. And if there were similar items, I don't need all of these. I really wanted to pick my favorite, so I had less redundancy in my closet. Nice. And guys, it is extremely helpful to have someone there for encouragement. Katie from the office was nice enough to be there and give me her fantastically honest opinions. It's bad. No. And when we were done, I was just so proud of these two huge garbage bags of giveaways, because I know my clothes, especially the work stuff, are really going to help someone. Number four, arrange your clothes back in the closet. I was kind of obsessed with switching to wooden hangers. For my pants, I tried these awesome open-ended ones. And then I piloted everything on categories on my bed, like tank tops and dresses, and then it was finally time to put them back in the closet with this little interruption as possible, putting things that I wear less frequently in the back and vice versa. And you guys just want to mention that with wooden hangers, you can't fit as many clothes in. I actually think this is a really good thing for me. Also, for items that slip, you might need these anti-slip grips. And then finally, clear the floor. So you guys, this is supposed to be a walking closet. It definitely was it. So I started by getting rid of whatever this is. I'm really sorry, Ross. And we hung up the belts and the scarves. There you go. And then we got this great storage bench that you could open up and put the duffle bags and random stuff in just to keep them out of sight. And now the kids can sit and hang out in my closet. Hi! We didn't go crazy with like, walkie-burst handle layers, but Presley did make a couple drawings that I think look really cute. We hung up my jewelry, which looked great. Alright guys, so here it is, the before and the after. I can't tell you how much better this feels. I'm actually happy to walk into my closet and pick my clothes out in the morning. I just can't recommend this enough. You really just have to set aside a day, get it done, and you will feel so good. So you guys, I hope this inspires you. I'm going to link up everything we used in our new Amazon store. Yes, it is about time we have this. All of the stuff we used in our videos is now in one place, so I will link that below to check out. Thank you so much for watching. I'll see you next week. Bye guys!