 Hi guys, welcome to another Optigritte Wall Fruit Adventure, my favorite type. So today we're going to be exploring one of New York City's new trends because like myself you've only heard of hot pot, but not dry pot. So today we're going to take you guys on a culinary adventure where we compare Chinese dry pot and Chinese hot pot. Now both of these styles use the same raw ingredients and are both spicy but that's where they're similarities and so come with us. Alright, so first we're going to take you for some dry pot and mala project in East Village and then we're going to head off to hometown hot pot and barbecue in Nalita. Aren't you so excited? This is the first time here that I've had it. Yep and it's freezing today so it's perfect for hot and spicy food. I'm excited to go. Mala project! Mala project! Mala project! Mala project! Mala project! Mala project! Mala project! Mala project! Mala project! Mala project! Mala project! Mala project! So my name is Chloe. I'm PR here. I do marketing and branding too. The name mala, ma means nomin, la means spicy so we're super focused here. Dry pot actually you customize ingredients and then the chef they make it in the kitchen. Compared to hot pot where it's you know so festive and it needs everybody to participate. Actually for dry pot you can enjoy it alone. So it came from a little town in Chongqing, Sichuan, in China. People live in a very moist environment there and they have plenty of vegetables. What's up guys so we're at Mala project in the East Village and I cannot believe we're sitting in front of all these amazing spices. Yeah! It's like when you walk into those Chinese herbal stores and you're like what is that? Who knew that they put so many of these ingredients into what we're going to introduce to you? Dry pot. There's actually 25 to 27 spices. So for example we have dried mandarin, orange peel, female jinseng, some post-amaled jinseng, some bay leaves, cinnamon, cloves, star anise, licorice root, cumin, dried gauengal, it's very well. Pepper corns and pot peppers and some stuff I've literally like kibbles and bits. Yeah. I don't know what that is. It's 12 ingredients. And they're going to prepare it and then bring it out here for us to enjoy. So we can't wait guys. Oh my gosh! This is all for me! First we have what the appetizers? First for leftover rice. And then we have sticky rice stuffed lotus root and some fried pepper with thousand year egg. They have some bomb appetizers. This is so unique because all the ingredients we picked is typically what you would put into a hot pot. Yeah. When they cook it because it's in a wok, like I feel like all the spices you could just see, like it surrounds the ingredients. I'm going to try the beef first. So it's still kind of eaten in a style that you would eat hot pot. I think so. Yeah. So when you have like a one person portion, it will be smaller than this, right? This is like a party size tray. Well from the menu it says here, for one person you pick three to six items. Two people eight to ten. We have twelve in here. So we got beef tenderloin, kanuki mushroom, kenglo, isa mushroom, fish balls, bok choy, some noodle, cabbage, fish fillet. Okay. Like right now my mouth, the flavor is dancing. Meir and I haven't had dry pot before. So what do you think is the biggest difference between this and hot pot? So hot pot, when you eat the ingredients, it feels like just, you can tell it's just the ingredients but here everything is just enveloped with all of these herbs and the things that we saw earlier. We got a spice level of just spicy, you can go extra spicy. I want to just get in the hottest one. This is not spicy. Guys you have to try this lotus root. Mmm lotus root me up. They have a lot of really unique appetizers. Like they have chicken testicles. So we call it lightly different. It's about the same thing. What else do they have? Duck neck, pig ear. One of the major differences in the selection to me is in dry pot. If you like innards, there's just more of an array of innards because for a lot of these isers you cannot boil it because it doesn't taste good. It's so good. It's sticky and then there's leftover rice. Mmm. There's pepper, that's so good. It's like sour and spicy and oily. It's so good. Oh my god. All of the taste buds are activated right now. And then why did you use spicy? I don't know why I did that. Oh my god that rice is legit. Why is it called leftover rice? I think it's typically like fried rice is leftover anyways because you take like day old rice. You know what this tastes like? A rice version of chagui tiao. I definitely think this is so much more flavorful. Like a pack of punch. All the the punnumins that they've used, you can really taste everything. I don't know. But there's just something special about hot pot that I cook it. No, just the whole thing. It's just so weird. I don't know what it is. Mazzly and friends. You know what it is? It's an experience. It is. It misses that community element. Exactly. Do you speak about community feeling people who are not double different. They would hate seeing it like how I'm coming. I used to be really bad at like picking it up and being like, no I don't want this one. Oh, that's a really bad chopsticks manner. Is that? Yeah, they say you shouldn't do that because it's the same as rummaging around the grave. Also for adults, they see that you don't have manners. Batman? Yeah, because you're picky. But they're just like, no. I'm definitely trying. That was when I was a little. I don't like when people give stuff on my plate. I'll just be like, let me get it my sale. Really? Yeah, why you like that? Because I'm going to provide. It's whatever to me. As the person giving, it's just because I want to show you like, I care about you. Yeah, and you get it. She takes care of us. Sorry, yeah. You never feel like it's going to be me. The meaning is like, you're sick of it. You would be like, let's say you have a big thing of halal. You're like, I can't after like five minutes, you're like, I'm done. Dad, I want to try the eggs. Like I've never eaten this without the cornage. Eat it. Oh, it's really good. You don't like the thousand year old eggs? See? See? See? She put it on your plate and as a sign of respect, you have to eat it. You really don't. It looks like a- Oh my god, we forgot about the fish fillet. Oh, the fish fillet. Oh my god, oh my god. You're going to die. That's it right there. It's hot. We're going to get Australia's pollock fish fillet fillet. So now you guys have dry pot with us. We're going to take you guys over to hot pot. Woo. Hey guys, we're at a home town hot pot. Hot pot overload. Hot, hot, overload. We are jumping right in. Let's start again. Oh my god. So the one thing here is the flavor combinations. Think about it. You got your tamya, you got your curry, you got your tomato. Yeah. I mean, like every soup is going to taste different. Because I think each ingredient will be highlighted by different products. I agree. In front of me, I have the curry. Den has to me. Mia has some spicy mala. Yeah, there's like all this chili seed. Oh yeah, there's some maro friates sauce. And then in this little tripod, there's the herbal surf, the tomato, tomato, tomato, and the original. Yep. I realize the steam makes you just completely hungry. Continuously. Because it's just always boiling in front of your face. That's a really good point. Because the other, the dry pot was so aromatic when it first comes out. Yeah. It's just like great smell. Holy cow, the curry one is a revelation. Do you know what it reminds me of? It smells like laksa. Yeah, it's, it's, it's, it's, what is this? That's a stuffed tofu. When you put it in the curry pot, it reminds me of like roti, dip in it like the roti. Yeah. Yeah, the roti in the laksa. Oh my god. It sounds so funny for me to hear you guys say roti. What? Roti. Roti, that's how you say roti. Roti? Roti Janai. Any seafood in the tom yum is... Tom yum ha. Funny. Yum. Oh yeah, like the curry does really well with like okra and other vegetables that soak up the curry. And tofu. Tofu. You basically make like your own curry soup. And we need to put some noodles in this one. Yeah. Put the lettuce in there too. Yeah. Put earth in there. Yeah. Yeah. Do you have like a tip for eating hot pot? So these are some hacks. Yeah. Hot pot hacks. I claim that you're a cold one. So the you're cold one when you drink it before having hot pot, it like coats your inner stomach. I heard that. And so when you eat something really spicy, it kind of just passes through easier. Boop. I heard of this one, but I'm not sure if it's true. So I heard you're not supposed to put leafy vegetables into the hot one because it absorbs the oil. And one of my tips is to wear a really baggy t-shirt so you can keep eating. Okay. And one thing that you shouldn't do is what I'm doing right now is wear this light color top. And I'm sitting in front of a spicy pot too. I'm going to go in with the stuffed jalapeno. Cheers, meh, cheers, my aido. I'm not a fan of okra because it's furry. And it's like slime. And slimey. The okra is great. This one I feel like you need the curry. See, this is so much fun. I feel like I'm just looking at that. Yeah, put it in. Look at that. You cracked, though. Bye bye little shrimp. Wow. Can someone eat blood? No, I'm okay with that. You want some blood? Yes. I feel like it needs a stand up. I can't reach my full potential. That's just like fun element because you're in control of how you cook it, but how long what you want in it. Oh my god. The fish fillet and the tom yum. I have it here. Oh, yum. If I asked you to tell me which fish bowl was which, could you do it? No. I'll put one. Oh my god. This is the first time I'm not eating hapah with any sauce. Without sauce. And it's glorious. I think that's a real true test of the place is good or not. How fresh are the ingredients? Yeah. How well do they slice them? And how good is the soup? If I could eat the things without sauce. That's true. I think that that's a top notch place. I don't feel like we're eating as much oil as dry pot. That's why I feel like I can eat more. Dry pot definitely, it wasn't enveloped in oil, but it was oily. When you're at hapah, I eat so much. You guys have little dishes. You're eating in small amounts and you end up eating more. Yeah. Bogees. And also another. Oh my god. So we have watercress. Tong ha, which is my favorite vegetable. And lettuce. Oh my god, these are really good. No, this is awesome. No. No. It's like crispy chicken skin, but it's not. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. How much of all this spread do you think we can finish? With you here, everything. I mean, we have like four hours. I could do it. That's also how you supposed to enjoy hot pot. You like eat and then you rest a little. You're taking that. It's like reiterates the fact that this is like a fun and drawing thing to do with friends and family. Yeah. Because you wouldn't come here and just have a bowl by yourself. I bid into this hoping that there was something inside. I just did the same thing. There's nothing more disappointing than me like, oh, there's nothing in here. Ah, the wrong one. I'm done. So which one is it then? Are you sure? Oh, yeah. It's slimy little bowl. The moments of truth. Oh, yes. I feel like it. Yes, it is. It's it. I got it. I am. We got there in the previous and got it. I got it. Oh, we haven't tried the spinach noodle. I put it. Okay, so this is spinach. Lingueini looking noodle. The herbal poppy came red because of the crab. Oh, I tried to try the soup now. I'm trying to put it on. I can smell the shrimp and crab. Oh, yeah. You know what we shouldn't have done? We should have put the crab in here too. Oh, yeah, because Tom Yum has a lot of seafood. Okay. Here, crabby crabby crabby. I'm here. You let it crab. What is this? It's the... Oh, it's delicious lettuce. What is this? It's so small. Put the lettuce in there too. Yeah. Do you want some veggies? No. Oh, that's so sweet. She peeled it. You have to eat it. You have to eat it. Don't break my glass. Do you want? Yeah. Try the noodles. Try the noodles. They're delicious. Don't believe me. Ask the dishes. Try the great stuff. It's delicious. Don't believe me. Ask the dishes. As you can tell, Dan's really excited for beauty and the beast. No, I'm so excited. Yeah. At least I got to see you. One last time. Cry. She's like, don't say that. Don't talk like that. Cry. And then he's like, no. I love you. I love you. Cry. Cry. Cry. Cry. You may give me your balls. Do this, does Ganskinau, a gay, and taffin crew. It's the same. On dassistation, genu. Don't put that part in there. The beef in the tomatoes is like bossong tongue. Borscht soup. Tomatoes, potatoes, cabbage. It's like Chinese version of Porsche. Bossong tongue? Yeah. Bone base. I like how I'm trying stuff that I normally don't try to hop on. Because I feel like when I go to hop on, I'm just in my hop hop mode. It's like stuff I know I like. Alright guys, so huge success. We made it to both places. We're showing you guys the differences. And I feel like we've saved the best hop hop place for the video. Yeah, definitely. Loing my mind. Which ones are your favorite for all? The curry, the tom yum, and the tomato. I want to just drink that. For me, I like this one, the tom yum, mala, and the original one. It's really good. They just don't eat. They don't eat for like two days. Seriously. Anyway, for you guys enjoyed this video and learned a bit about hot pot and dry pot. And we think this one is more like family friend fun. Whereas the other one you can enjoy learning as well. And make sure you check out both places that we visited because of that. Oh, bomb! Alright, we're going to continue eating. Video. I just want to eat later. And we're going to continue eating. Good bye. Bye.