 So hooch is like alcohol, the prisoners make themselves. In Arizona it's so hot. You can use the heat to brew it all in the bag. Is that how you use it with the bag and the burping and the bag? Yeah, exactly. And you put... So, all right, what has everything you got to put in that bag to make hooch? Okay, you start off. You've got your trash bags. Yeah. And you've got your lures, your bag. Yeah. So basically, and you've got your... Know your box you put underneath your bed. Yeah. So, you put the net bag in the box and then you put the lures, then you put the laundry bag, then you put the garbage bag into the net bag. And then you get your oranges, you peel them, throw them in. You get hot water, you pour it in. You get the dry yeast, you put that in and you get a lot of sugar, then you pour it out. You leave it for a couple of days. It'll just stay there for a couple of days on the bed. And then you start to eat rice because with the heat, the yeast is acting with the... And the yeast is sugar. And it starts to form alcohol. But as that's doing that, it stinks. And bear in mind, there's guards every three hours to do a walk. So you go ahead, make sure that you don't put yourself on top. Because you could've just burned... You've got a time when you burnt the bag. Eventually, it's that big. You've got to open that bag to let the pressure out. What happens if you don't? Well, the bag will burst. So you've got to open the bag to let the pressure out. And when you do that, it just stinks the whole door now. So you've got to go around, then. And you've got like the old rooms and stuff like that. And you've got like a her spray. What the blacks get. And you get that cherry curl, it was called. You get that and you spray it around. So it just takes the smell off. But basically, your time, as soon as the gas comes on his walk, you burp it. Because you know he's not going to do another walk for three hours. And it only takes four days to actually brew, which is unbelievable. But it's hundreds of degrees. So it's really hot in there and it brews up really fast. So once you've done that, once it's stopped burping, you turn that and take it into the shower. You take the whole bag and buck-box into the shower. And you've got a few laps with you with like just pop-buttles so the bottles. And what you do is you pour it all, you just empty. You burst the bin bag. And then the netting, you close netting, will take all the pulp and all that stuff. And you ring it out like that. And what comes out is the alcohol. And you bottle it. You fill the bottle three quarters up. The reason why you do that. Because it's still actually cooking. You've got to leave it in the bottle for another day and a half. And you've got to burp the bottles. So and once you walk bird normal, you've got a hooch, which is very good. But if you make a big batch and you get a few of the lads at all the white lads, drunk, that's when I got into trouble. It was about the third time I actually made it. I got cocky. And there the batch of like 50. And like you sell them for $2.50, which it sounds like nothing. But $2.50 adds up your room. So in the US, currently what you sell them for? Well, I tell them for a two-in-a-pack and five soups. I see. OK. And one well man said it's 100 degrees. In Arizona, the temperature scale over there gets up to 130 in the summer, which on the UK scale is almost 50 degrees in the summer. It's after scale. This is a sonore and desert. It's hot. And you don't need much of the hooch to get you drunk. So you got all the youngsters drunk, then why? I got all the youngsters drunk, which in essence wasn't the best thing to do. And I don't even realize what you learned on it, basically. And then one of them said to me, it's another race. And before you know it, they're having a straightener. And then the Asian guy actually got the better of the white guy. And I normally never ever jump into a fight ever. But another one of the white guys, you met, jumped in. And then basically the doll went off. So there's almost a riot. So there's almost a riot. I'm saying white boy, boot up, meaning come on, we're going to the wall. And then the cops come in and they pull me out and put me in the hole because the tower is right there. So they can actually see what's going on. And it didn't help because I still had to be under me bed. And they have 15 bottles for everything. So I'm busted. So I have to go the hole. I've been the hole for 30 days. I come out the hole. I'm lucky enough to go back to my old home because normally, when you come out the hole, they generally just move you somewhere else. There's a stine in red and a stine in blue. Stine in blue, which for the more secure people, like trustees and people working in the kitchens and stuff like that. And stine in red was like more of the people who couldn't be asked working basically. And so I get back to me bed. And then that comes over. Adam, my friend. And he says, oh, the head wants to see you. So I'll shoot. And he goes into a boy. So I got to the excise, you had. You can't congregate. There's about three or four whites. He calls me over. And he said, look, he said, I put faith in you. And he said, you're fucking up. I said, well, no, I said, I didn't start the fight. He said, yeah, but you might as well have caused it. You got all the youngsters drunk. He said, I want you to look after him. Not giving him a train, Rick. I said, well, I didn't tell him to fucking drink. He did that I didn't force him. And he said, look, listen. He said, I'm stopping you for doing a hooch for the month. I said, that's fucking out of order. He said, say you're just out of order. He said, I could have you filled in right now. I checked myself. And I said, sorry. Because I was going to say, well, if you could have me filled in, why don't you fucking do it, you prick. But I checked myself. So I went back and I was really, really pissed off. But you know, I fucked up. So I couldn't make hooch for the month. And when he got busted with a hooch, what was the actual charge that they give you? Could they give you a discipline or a ticket? Oh, the discus ticket was an introducing alcohol. Introducing alcohol. Yeah. Introducing alcohol is a summer. It was like, I think they have different names and letters for it. It's like a C7 scene. Yeah. And alcohol, IE, prison, contraband. Yeah. So I got 30 days for it. It could have been worse. It could have been a lot of times before. Like they could have street charged it. But yeah, that was like, I mean, so many stories I could actually tell. Some were a bit blue, some am. And so I'll just keep it where it's. Yeah. But this was Wildman's Introduction to Prison Story. Knox, the O'Broad leader, out starts making alcohol. Almost causes a riot. We'll be back with another story on my channel here. Soon from Wildman, we're going to start a Wildman playlist. And maybe we can get Wildman on the true journey. That's what we're hoping as well. Thanks for watching this video. If you have any questions or suggestions of what you want to hear or wherever, I'm not happy to tell you. But some of you probably won't like. But there you go. That's prison for all you. Please subscribe to this channel on YouTube before and in the box at the bottom of the info box. I'll put a link over to Wildman's Facebook and stuff. So if you want to send him a question, you can contact him directly as well. I've started with the Timber Story I can get. It only gets better for me.