 Make a decorative accent table lamp out of a glass wine bottle or other fancy glass bottle and a string of Christmas lights using a drill press and a lasco 1 ½ inch diamond cordril bit. Here's what you'll need. A fancy glass bottle a ½ inch lasco diamond cordril, a fine grit T-22 diamond burr, a string of lights, a marker pen, a basin of water, a drill press and a rotary tool. Start by using the marker pen to place an X where you want to drill your hole. This is your cordril. This is your fine grit T-22 diamond burr. Fill a basin with water, place it on your drill press and sink your glass bottle into it. Adjust the position of the basin and the glass bottle to line up the cordril with the mark you placed on the glass bottle. When you're happy with the position of the cordril and the bottle, start the drill press and begin drilling your hole. I have my drill press set at the middle speed. Cut using very light pressure, work using an interval. I like using a 5 count on and 5 count off. This keeps both the bit and the glass from getting hot and allows the glass to breathe to escape from the hole. Resist the urge to push. Glass is fragile and you want to cut the hole and not break the glass by pushing. Light pressure is essential. Let the lasco diamond cordril do the work for you. Minimizing the pressure will allow the glass to be cut all the way through and minimize the chance for blow out as you finish cutting. The glass discs that you created should fall out easily and will usually be found inside your bottle. Carefully remove the bottle from the water allowing it to drain. Here you can see our completed hole along with the glass discs that we created. You can still see the X on the glass discs that we originally placed on the glass bottle. Take your fine grit T22 diamond burr either a 200 grit or 400 grit and put it into your favorite rotary tool. Use the T22 to carefully smooth both the inside and outside edges of your hole. You don't want to leave any sharp edges. Now, let's see how it works. For this project, we have selected a single end of the string of lights. No plug on the top end. Straighten out the string and then starting with the top end light push it through the hole. Continue pushing each bulb in order through the hole and into the bottle. Continue pushing light bulbs into the hole one at a time while guiding the light step. Now, let's see how it works. If the lights start to cluster too much around the hole area, you may need to turn the bottle over and shake it a little bit to loosen the lights up. Now, we're finished. Let's test it and see how it looks. You can buy Lasco Diamond Burrs at www.LascoDiamond.com or at Amazon.com.