 Hello everyone, my name is Lisa from my natural puzzle and today I'm going to be making a drink called Switchal and Switchal is actually an energy drink that dates all the way back to the 18th century. It's also known as Cital, Aqua Forte, Ginger Punch, Yankee Beverage and Swizzle. And I make it because it has a lot of great health benefits and for my son he has autism and a lot of times people with autism have a lot of gut issues and a lot of inflammation issues and digestion issues. So this is a really great drink for them. The recipe that I use uses fresh lime so that's great for digestion and it also has vitamin C and also uses fresh ginger. And I also throw in some fresh turmeric. Normally the health food stores carry fresh turmeric if they don't you can call and see if they can order it. But a lot of grocery stores are really stepping it up and a lot of times they're able to get it for you too. So look for that fresh turmeric. But it also uses apple cider vinegar which is also great at balancing the pH and hydrating them and just also great fitting system as well. So Switchle has a lot of different recipes out there to make it. The one that I use uses honey but others use maple syrup and if you want the added potassium you could use molasses as well. But the one that I will be making today uses honey and it's just a great recipe. So good and refreshing and just delicious. So let me show you my recipe. Let's get started. Okay, so what you will need is about four cups of filtered water at room temperature. One lime, one two to four inch piece of fresh turmeric depending on your preference of taste, one two to four inch piece of ginger depending on your taste. And some raw unfiltered honey and some organic apple cider vinegar. Okay, so first I'm going to measure out four tablespoons of unfiltered apple cider vinegar. There we go. Okay then I'm going to measure out six tablespoons of honey. Okay now I'm going to peel my turmeric and my ginger. Okay, so now you just want to finally mince your turmeric and ginger. Okay next I want to take your microplane and zest your lime. Okay next you want to get the juice of one lime. Okay, pour it in. Put the cap on and give it a good shake. Mix it all up. Get all that honey on the bottom next thing. Okay, so that's it. You can let it sit overnight or serve it immediately. And what I do is I always give it a good shake and then I strain it. What we're going to do is fill it with half of the switch all and the other half with water. So I strain it and I throw the rest back in. And you can fill the other half with water or if you like a little bit of carbonation you can use mineral water or sparkling water. I'm going to use some mineral water today. Make it nice and sparkly. And then I give it a good stir. And it's good to go. Hi CJ how's your lime drink? Is it yummy or yucky? Yummy. Yummy.