 Today we're going to show you how to plant ginseng seed. My name is Danny Colwell. Colwell is ginseng. I'd like to show you a little bit of how to do video on how we plant our seed. So you can blotten the lids plant while I simulate a seed. First thing we do is we might be able to take a piece of spot. We look at the leaf litter. We try and see if it's got the proper amount of leaf litter on the ground. What type of leaf litter it is. We don't want a lot of oak. We want lots of hardwoods, maples, cherries, bird's beach, things like that. So that you've got a good leaf litter. You've got a lot here. We're at this section, but we're going to fix that. Here's one of those favorite tools you're going to have to plant ginseng seed. It's a good old fashioned birdring rig. And what we're going to do is we're going to come in here. And once we've picked a spot out, we're just going to show you a small spot right here. And we reach out. We drag these leaves back right to your feet. And you're doing so. You want to get everything back at one. Don't worry about the scratch and dirt up. You're going to want to scratch up anyways. You come back over here to do the same thing here. And as I said, I'm just making a small one here. So you get the eye general eye. You can make it as big as as you want. Anywhere from 5, 10 feet wide, 20 foot long. I usually recommend that you work in thousand square feet. It's recommended to can because the one pound of seed is about 6,000 seeds in pound. And we recommend anywhere between 8 and 12 feet in square foot. That'll give you roughly one pound of seed to thousand square feet. And doing so, that'll give you about 40 times the acre. Anywhere between 25, 40 times the acre. You shouldn't have a whole lot of trouble with disease. What we're doing is we make sure we fix up a lot of our things like this. Get them out of the way. All your sticks, you rig your leaves back like a sand. And then you're going to show them your small one here. Then take and break it back the other way. Pretty hard. What you're doing here is you're loosening up the soil. Because once the soil is loose enough, once you get your seed in there, it's going to be in the dirt. I can't emphasize that enough. It's got to be in the detective team, literally. Get about half a handful. You just start sprinkling. And if you do this enough times every year, you'll learn how much the sprinkle says you get that 8, 10, 12 feet in square foot. You just sprinkle your seed on there like that. Close it up. Close it up five. Then what you're going to do is get back your burden rates. I'm going to take this rate. Instead of scratching like this, once you turn it upside down, we're going to lean down here, get low. You've got to skip this forward. What you're doing is you're burying that seed. So once you get that in there, you can hardly see the seed at all because it's buried in the dirt. There again, you've got to get your seed in the dirt. You know, some walking on this won't hurt a bit. Some people ask you think you ought to pack it in. I don't necessarily. What we do next is you grab a little bit of straw. And the reason we do this is because you can see you don't always have the right amount of mulch for your plant. And through the winter, you've got to have more, through the slumber, through the spring. You've got to have more trunk. Otherwise, you'll dry out. Dry that and keep dry, dry you'll lose. Even in the winter, you get really cold in the snow's blow off there. There's not enough mulch. Not to keep the moisture you get warm. It'll literally freeze you. Because that's seen that happen. And we will do it. While I'm putting this down, one thing I want to mention is when it comes to seed, I always recommend that you get, get your seed in any plant and stuff. Off the wreckage will grow. Somebody has already grown. Gensang in the woods. Because they know what they're doing. They've been doing for years. There's about a few wild simulators. Gensang grows out there. There's some grown in the woods. Few larger farms like myself, a couple others. That will, you can call, you can get a hold of them. And they'll literally answer any question you have. Once you put that little bit of seed that's straw down, you can get that down a little bit. Then once you do, you grab a hold of your leaf. Grab a hold of that leaf litter. Just scrape it up. You put it right on top of it. Take it back up. Put it right on top. What we're doing here is we're adding that little bit of mulch. Right back on top of that. So you're not losing any. You can like to say you can have down a little bit more of what this does when you're doing that. You can feel just how much mulch you have on it. You usually want, I try to tell everybody, you usually want about two inches of mulch on, because through the winter with the snow and everything, that mulch is going to get down to about half-precorded an inch. So that's what you want. Come spring so that it pushes back up. So it's going back up and grow. You can see there once you get that done, almost looks like you didn't do anything here at all. Seeds in the ground. You're walking on it. You're not hurting anything. You're staying moist. You've got the mulch on it. One more thing is that I've always said, if the maple leaves are down, the best time to plant this, the maple leaves are down. You're seeding and being the ground. The reason I say that, this time of planting the fall, it's just like Mother Nature. Today we've got to get it to there. We've got to get the mulch on it. Make sure you use a recordable grower, the nose wave doing, because he'll help you out. Maple leaves down. Seeds being ground. If you have any questions, you can get on the website, at www.collegeanswing.com. Send me off an email. I always answer me, you know. You can call me, leave a message, I'll call you back. But that's how we plant. That's how we plant it for years and years and years. We plant other methods also, the best way to show you the beginner, how to plant after wood. That's how you plant ginseng, you know. That's how you plant seed. Have a good day, Jenny Paul, I'll call you a ginseng. Happy planting.