 So it's not often that I get excited about doing my laundry but I actually really am today because of a very green, a very eco-friendly and a beautiful new product that you are going to want to know about. Okay so I am excited to show you this kit now. I didn't want to do the whole video in my laundry room because it is a little bit cramped in there but this is an absolute life-changer as far as your laundry is concerned. To rust me. So it is a kit. It is a box that you get called my green fills and when I first heard about it I was like oh wow that is such a good idea. Being the green girl that I am because you are going to find out right now why it is really eco-friendly. But still I wasn't completely sold because this laundry has got to be a really good product Darnida. So let me quickly talk you through it and actually the thing that I am most obsessed with about this entire kit I am actually going to save to the end and I am going to hide it because it is something super different special so you have to stick along to the end to see what it is. Alright so my green fills is a box and with the kit you can choose what size of kit you want, what you want to get in it. I believe there are like sort of three different options. Here is the big thing that makes it more eco-friendly than most. This jar in the kit that you get, well the kit that I got there are two plastic jugs and what my green fill says is that this is the only plastic jug that you are ever going to need. That is it. These are the only two plastic jugs that you will ever need. You will never have to buy another plastic jug again and this is huge because these things this plastic is obviously completely not biodegradable. It lives on and on in the environment for hundreds and hundreds of years and the really scary thing is that even if you live in the US and you think well I recycle my plastic now recycling in the US has become a big big problem because the recycling plants are able to get rid of the recyclable materials that they pick up from your curbside because other countries like China that it is typically shipped to are not accepting it anymore. So they are stuck now. You got a really like think of the whole life cycle of anything that you buy now. You just think oh it's recycle it, well not so much anymore. This gives even more reason for me to really think about not buying huge plastic anything but certainly laundry detergents which I get through really quickly and I use a lot of them every single month. So with my green fills in my kit I get these two jugs. One is laundry wash, the blue one, the blue one and the other is laundry rinse. In each one there is 50 loads, well there will be 50 loads actually because what I do is I take the little pouch, this is a little kind of foil pouch and it'll write empty the jug and you're going to fill the jug with the contents of their sorry about my dog's barking. Then you fill it with super hot water from your tap, shake it up and hey presto you have a full size 50 load laundry detergent which is good for a high efficiency machine sorry I keep pointing to that as the rinse and that is detergent. So if you think about it every single time you need a new one all you need is a little refill pack which my green fills will send you and you can get a subscription so you never even have to think about it. The next thing that you get in the kit is there's oxy boost which is really great for your whites if you want to get your whites really white, up-friendly, non-toxic, pop it in, it works really well as a soak as well and it brightens your whites naturally and this lasts for a while this is 48 high efficiency loads in this packet and when this packet is done this is much easier to recycle is printed on recyclable film. So every aspect of this of my green fills is eco-friendly which is exactly what they intended. Now we're almost getting to the thing that I'm really obsessed about but let me walk you through the rest of my kit here. You also get an enzyme stain remover, premium non-toxic stain remover. You just add three tiny scoops per load along with the laundry wash and they also provide this little jar that you can pour it into for ease of use. Everything is thought about here and they even has the little tiny scoop in it so everything's provided so that's if you have laundry that's really stained. Then they also comes with a little stain stick like so and this stain stick is really good for that kind of old-fashioned rubbing out of stain so I really like that. There are also other products as well that my green fill starts such as a is oh happy day space refresher. Now they have here's the big thing that I wanted to tell you. I don't love the scent of a lot of eco-friendly laundry detergents and fabric softness and what are they just don't smell of anything or if they do and some of the supposedly greener ones that are very expensive they're not really green it's a synthetic scent and it has thalates in it and I know that. So to find a laundry wash rinse etc that is truly non-toxic and truly thalate-free and eco-friendly but that smells amazing that is finally what really sold me on this and that same signature scent they put into this little space refresher spray which I love because I got pets three little dogs and sometimes my home can be a little like just these a little bit of a refresher okay are you ready for the rip and for the thing that I love the most about this? So it is called the dryer angel and it comes in a little paper bag and it says a refillable laundry burrito made with a hundred percent eco-friendly materials now what this is is a scent booster for your to put in your dryer in place of I guess a dryer sheet which don't buy regular dryer sheets please they are not eco-friendly and they are infused with so many toxic chemicals and don't forget that with toxic chemicals which would be all the synthetics that are in most mainstream laundry detergent dryers sheets fabric soft softness etc they they leave a residue particularly fabric softness and things that you put in your dryer they leave a residue on your towels on your sheets on your clothes and so many people have said to me so be when they switch to a non-toxic brand skin issues such as you know dermatitis and things like this totally cleared up so it's really has a bigger effect than you might know on your personal health so you're open the bag and what comes in it is this little dryer angel so it's made of cotton and it also comes with a little card telling you who actually sewed it and members of a deaf village are employed to make these little dryer angels which I think is amazing and so they're beautifully carefully made and then you also get in your little bag here these little sachets and they're filled with the actual scent booster which is essential oils it smells so good and it is in this little plastic sealed bag but you need the little plastic sealed bag you're not going to throw it away you're going to reuse it over and over and over to keep the little sachet fresh so when you take it out you'll be like oh my gosh that smells so amazing so what you do is you take it out you pop it pop it into the little dryer angel into her skirt and then you snap it closed it's got little snaps or poppers as we would say in the as we do say in the UK and there she is there's your dryer angel you'll toss her into the dryer and it'll make your um drying your laundry dried lordry smells so lovely and then when you're done take it out and seal it back in the little plastic pouch to keep it fresh so that's it my friends isn't that fantastic don't you love it I knew you would love this kit so click on the link below the video and you can get I believe um a sachet to try so you get 50 loads of laundry free but honestly I recommend you just go for it there'll be no looking back I mean you're it's fun to make I actually look forward to doing my laundry now and every single time I refill my rinse or my laundry with the little with the little uh refill thing and the hot water and then you just shake it up it's so satisfying it's so satisfying to know that it's just easy to do and I'm not having to go out to the store and schlep another big piece of plastic back to my house so I hope that you are get are excited about it as I am and um you know please if you you know if you don't know me if you've just chance to upon this video because you were looking up laundry to turn to something do look at some of my other videos and consider subscribing to my channel because I do tons of different videos on nutrition and DIY um you know food and everything pertaining to a healthy lifestyle and I make a brand new videos every single week and so if you subscribe it means that you're not going to miss any of the latest ones so thank you for watching and if you're already in my community back and subscribe thank you so much you mean so much to me leave comments and I always try and get back to you as soon as I can bye bye