 wiki.easyvid.com. Search EasyVid wiki before you decide. EasyVid presents the seven best soil testers. Let's get started with the list. Starting off our list at number seven. If you want a tester that's burst a tar while still being easy to understand, then the Rapid Test 1880 is a good all-around choice. It has three prongs and a simple interface, making it user-friendly, one issue. The dial is situated so that you have to bend upside down to read it. It includes a cleaning pad and a chromatic filter to correct light, but it's not durable enough for long-term use. At number six, this KELWAY PHD is a very pad-down instrument, making it easy to know exactly what you're looking at. It's ready to go right out of the box with no batteries, chemicals or anything else needed. It only measures pH levels though, so you may need to buy other tools. It's more exact than multifunction tools and can take a beating. However, it's a little on the expensive side. Coming in at number five and our list. The last to leave 1601 isn't a meter, but is actually a testing kit. It has a patented colour comparator system that makes it easy to see exactly what's going on with your dirt and what to do about it. Unfortunately, some users say it gives inconsistent results. It includes detailed instructions and recommendations for 400 plants, but its pH levels may run high. To see all of our choices, go to wiki.easyvid.com and search for soil testers or click beneath this video. At number four, getting the right pH levels is one of the most important and trickiest parts of having healthy lawns, which is why the X-Lux T20B is worth every penny. It also measures moisture levels, but the accurate pH values are what make this device such a home run. It's wide contact area improves accuracy and it's easy to switch between readings. It only needs light cleaning. Nearing the top of our list at number three, the back do do four in one has a rigid nearly eight inch probe to get deep into the soil to check its health. With five moisture levels, it gives you some of the best accuracy possible regarding your watering habits. In addition, it uses a 9 volt battery that will last for quite some time. It's simple to use and easy to read and offers a very wide temperature measurement range and an automatic power off function. At number two, the doctor me deres 30 will make it so that you never have to stick your finger in the dirt and guess at moisture levels ever again. With three precise tests and calibration tables, you'll know exactly what kind of shape your soil is in. It's great for indoor plants too and comes with two prongs for accuracy. It's easy to read outdoors and coming in at number one on our list. To get the best readings, you need to get down to the roots and the long electrode on this model from Gain Express lets you penetrate deep into the soil. It's also slender enough that you don't have to worry about damaging your plants while you're testing. It's waterproof with your ability and gives fast and accurate readings. It doesn't require any calibration. To see all of our choices, go to wiki.easyvid.com and search for soil testers. Or click beneath this video.