 Slight, light.cycle, light.Squite, squite, and squite.Squite, and squite.Squite, and squite.Oh! Ladies and gentlemen welcome to Leonardo we're more than a channel work community. I'm back at the gallery of Mall. Say hi to everybody and we're going to build a bear to build the new Squirtle one. build a bear right now, we're gonna get one of the squirtles and I'm gonna take you through the process of how to make a build a bear. That's deflating. You can actually come back and add the trunk in for sound. Time for the heart ceremony. So you're gonna take your heart and rub it in your heart and give it a lot of love. Oh, squirtles gonna love me. He's gonna be tall of his class. He's gonna be strong. Pizza. Close your eyes and say, squirtle, I choose you. There we go. Here we go. Here we go. Hey everyone say hello to Leo and he talks too. Leo has a lot to say today but that was the build a bear where you get to build a squirtle. It was just released today. I had to do this as soon as possible because all of you were like, go do it. But the thing is it also comes with this. This is an exclusive card that you can only get at build a bear. It is and it's a really cool looking card. But say hi to him. This was a lot of fun. I have to say it has this little home over here where he's not gonna stay but you get to walk out with it and you get to see mulchiri and happy and stuff. But it looks like as you saw there were so many options for these things to do. I need to go back and do the Pikachu one. I need to go back and do the EV one. There was so many and the Charmander that I did already and you should go watch that one. I went to go do a build a bear for the Charmander one and I'll leave a link on screen as well as in the description below. You should go check that one out but that guy is now sold out. They said that he will not be back for a few months and that there are other ones that are gonna be coming. But they didn't tell me the other ones that are gonna be coming. This was the one I was requesting in my previous video over the Charmander one. And now I have it. And this thing is awesome. You saw the video, oh my gosh I'm totally crunching this card right now. You saw the video. This guy, this is pretty good quality, the stuffings quality. And they have the sound chips and stuff at the stores now. And that's why I got them to, I got them, the sound chip and stuff. As always, please let me know in the comment section your favorite build a bear that you would get if you can go into this. Leave a like because that really does help out. Squirtle, take the ending away. Here we go. He was gonna say my name is Leonardo and this is Leo. Stay awesome, stay positive and as always we'll see you in our next video.