 I'm always doing the trim first and the reason why I like doing that is I like to mask onto a smooth surface in your trip. Trim typically is smooth and it will be painted with a semi gloss paint. So you'll be able to mask onto a smooth surface and that will always give you the straightest line versus masking onto a wall, which is typically like an orange peel texture and it's going to be rough and it's just not going to give you a smooth surface to mask onto. So always do your trim first and then go onto your next step. So the next step in the process after I've painted my trim is I'm actually going to paint my ceilings. And in order to paint the ceilings you might get a little bit of splatter coming down so I like my trim or actually my baseboards, which is part of the trim to be dried up that I could mask onto it. You know, run an inch and a half masking or if you only got one inch just use one inch out of your fight. And what that does is when you're rolling your walls, if you get any splatter coming down, if it lands on top of your baseboards, then I'll just leave that specling down there. So I'm just run tape along the top of your baseboards and then begin rolling your ceilings and then after the ceilings are dry, then we'll begin doing our walls. But when you do your ceilings, you want to take your ceilings down just about an eighth of an inch to an half an inch onto your wall, because then when you roll your walls you're going to be cutting in your ceiling lines. So now that we got our ceilings all rolled and this is one of the reasons why I like doing the ceilings first. And that's because I like to do my cut-ins and actually when I'm cutting in, I want to be able to look at my cut-ins straight ahead at me. It's a lot easier to cut in versus actually looking up and actually trying to cut in the ceiling if you do your walls first and your ceilings next. So I like to do my trim, then my ceilings and then my walls because my wall cut-ins are going to be a lot easier. So I'm going to roll my walls and do all my cut-ins and then my job is going to be complete.