 Hello and welcome to my unboxing of the General Roll Electric Appliance's 30 pint behemudifier. Now for those who don't know 30 pint means it moves 30 pints of water from the air every 24 hours as stated by there so anytime you see a measurement on the humidifier that's the one you want to look for. Please excuse my cat. Come on baby chill out. Sorry about that. Well I just picked this up from Home Depot. The humidifier is a quite expensive I found out but as you can see, well as you can't see what I'm about to show you. I have a problem. I just moved into an apartment and that's what the humidity is here and I've been kind of getting sick, investigated why and I think that's the problem. Now that might be new due to the fact that it's one of the time windows are condensed and and I also have two physical areas which are free to evaporate any water they want into my atmosphere. Well now back to what we came for. I'm gonna try to keep this short and kind of in depth. I already went over a minute plus talking and rambling. Oh what you get here is your user manual on what to do how to operate safely but be honest who reads those. All right what you have here is your standard plug with a ground. Of course we don't need to look at that. We're gonna be more focused on the machine and how it does. I can do a more comprehensive review later. We're just gonna remove this or take the holding the water tray on so it doesn't get moved during shipment. Sorry for my awful camera work. I was just trying to give you all a quick review. I just bought it. I was just thought maybe somebody would like to see an unboxing or review of this. By the way I paid $169 for this 100 people. It was better. 200 for its bigger brother or way to while and pay the same amount of money on Amazon for something different. Probably something a little better. I read a couple reviews on this. It's not terrible. It's just not the best performer out there but for the price and for what I needed to do. Let's see if it does. I just wanted to clear. Take some of the humidity out of the air in my living room and bedroom. Hopefully it can end up doing the whole apartment. It's a 1200 square foot apartment. What you got here is the lay. This is kind of like your timer. Whether you want to set it for two hours, four hours a little running definitely. Fan speed, low, medium and high. Then you got your humidity control. Now it has a hydrometer in there that senses the humidity. Now we're gonna see just how accurate that is because I actually have a hydrometer up there as I showed you earlier. This is your filter timer. It tells you when to clean the filter, etc. etc. Your bucket fill indicator, power on. I mean it's kind of self-explanatory right there. It's like a little carrying handle. I don't know why you want to lift this sucker up when it comes on the wheels that you can roll. Now let's pull the water tray out. I'm trying to do this at one hand. Eventually I'll get a camera if I ever, the people ever want to see more videos from me. I know that dude is just some Chrissy Arborge guy, average consumer. I'm not trying to steal the average consumer's name. He is a great gun YouTube I watch his videos. Love his work. I'm just saying I'm just an average broke consumer and I need stuff to work. Because $170 is a lot of money. If it doesn't work I will be returning it to Home Depot. Now right here you have your water level indicator and that's that's pretty much it. Let's plug it in and see how it goes. We'll be right back. Alright we're back. Got a plug bin over there. Let's power it on. Alright there it seems to be standard set at 60. I'm looking for more of... Probably 45 around 50. Let's try 50 for now. Anything is better than 70 at this point. And it's, I don't know if it's reading to say it's 60% humidity in here. But I can say that it's not 60% humidity in here. And you can tell it is 70% humidity in here. Might need some more research to find out what that is. Now... Here's the optional drone cord right there. And have the fan come in. It pulls in the here from here. Exhaust it up here. Has three different fan speeds. That's low. Hi medium. Oh that doesn't make any sense. That's low. Hi. Seems to take a while to transition. Okay I understand now. That's high. That's medium. It actually adjusted. So it is recognizing that it's higher than now. 16. That's good. Well that's my review. Probably going to keep it on high to kind of get through this a little fast. I mean that juice is, it's humid in here. Like it's hard to breathe. Alright that's my review on this thing. This is the General Electric Beheumetifier. I believe the model number was ABL 30LR. See it right there. Alright. Thank you.