 Hello, welcome to the HVDH Kettlegulage tutorial. In order to make great Kettlegulage, I have long searched for an old Guppur cauldron. Finally, at the Spanish flea market, I found such an old cauldron. It has always been my wish to prepare a Kettlegulage for a large group. Using the cooler parts of the year, over an open fire pit, such as many did in times past. What it requires and how it is exactly completed are things you will see in this video, that you too can make such a gulage. It's worth it. What is required? A big cauldron with a lid, a large fire pit, a stable tree pot with the ability to adjust the height of the cauldron, a large wooden spoon for steering and a soup ladle. Here is a recipe for 10 people. First, the ingredients for the first 3 hours of cooking. Here are the ingredients for the second section of cooking, the first hour of cooking. Now we begin the preparation of the ingredients for the first section of cooking. Cut the onions and cut them in quarter rings. Wash the meat. Let the excess water rip off and quickly pat dry. Cut the meat in slices, making sure they are not too thin. From which one cuts medium-sized cubes. Peel the garlic and place in a glass. Cut the meat in half lengthwise. Dice into half rings. Wash, dry, then place into a bowl. Slice the fresh or dried chili peppers and place in a glass. Measure 1.3 liters of leaf or vegetable broth. Here we have all the prepared ingredients for the first section of cooking. Now the preparation of the second cooking sections in radios. Wash the peppers, these them and appropriately clean them. Then cut them into slices. Wash and cut off the tomatoes. Half the peeled potatoes, slice them and then cut them into cubes. Here we have all the prepared ingredients for the second cooking section. The fifth of December, an outdoor temperature of 4 degrees Celsius and the recipe adjusted for 25 people. The fire was lit and the cooking began for PM. The clock in the lower right hand corner gives an overview of the entire cooking time. First I place a clarified butter in the cold room. When that has reached the correct temperature, then we begin with the onions. I place all the onions in the cold room and stir. There now we can regulate the temperature better. So that's while cooking, one doesn't lose too much moisture, always place a lid on top. We started with the onion and we are almost ready. Next comes the paprika. But now we wait until the fire gets a little smaller. Then we lift the pot and stir in half of the paprika, but first a sip of beer. This is very important because if the temperature is too high, the paprika will burn and taste better. After 25 minutes, the onions are ready. And we stir in half of the paprika. The last the entire thing, sit for about 5 minutes. The garlic cloves are pressed with a knife and placed in the cold room. Now comes the carrot ray seeds. Always remember to stir. We place all of the meat at once in the cold room and mix it well. How many kilos is that? Then salt and pepper is added. Once the salt came out of the grinders, we use a salt shaker and add a few whole peppercorns as well. Always place a lid on top to retain the moisture and shorten the cooking time. After one hour of cooking, more ingredients are added. First the rest of the paprika. Chili peppers. Tomato paste. This smells good. Bay leaves. The entire bowl of cut leeks. Then mix everything very well. And then pour the broth into the corn. In order to ensure there is always fluid in the cold room, keep it covered. And portion wise pour half the red wine into the mix. After a total of 3 hours cooking time, there's a second section of cooking begins. That looks really good. And all of the potatoes into the cold room is inner-ship. After 10 minutes in the second cooking section, put half of the tomatoes in the cold room. After a third of 5 minutes, add the remaining tomatoes. Nice and thick. The soup. The goulash. After 20 minutes, pour 2-3 of the peppers into the goulash. It's a very good taste. It's a very good taste. I like it. I don't like it. We don't have a lot of salt. After a first of 10 minutes, the rest of the peppers are added. And these slices remain somewhat crunchy. Pour in the rest of the red wine. Now the peppers look good. But the goulash still needs half an hour additional cooking. After 4 hours, it's almost time. Cool, so fine. Now we'll make the hands. That's not good. The soup was all right. Oh, now the face. Hands, please. Yes. It's good. But it needs a little bit more pepper. What's with pepper? And now we're already in the room. We're filming around. No! The last, the sour cream. So, the goulash is done. Wow! It's so good. Get the bowl and come over. Look. This one has the stinger from the egg. There's milk. The special meal and the special atmosphere and all people like it. That's the soup tastes good. A mignoula. Very good. Very good. And the soup tastes good. And then the salad. The noodles are very delicious. It's too hot. The meat is a bit bitter, right? People are eating right beside the cold. And does it taste good? Yes. It's delicious. That's the best. It's delicious. It's delicious. If you enjoyed this video, I would greatly appreciate your like. Furthermore, I would be even happier if you subscribe to any of my YouTube video channels. Thank you and perhaps see you later. Bye!