 Alright everybody welcome back to real Canadian fishing. Today I'm going to do a video on how to cure salmon roe. So today I went to salmon fishing pretty much I think this is my last opportunity to catch a salmon so I went out and I was lucky enough to catch myself a hen. I actually caught a couple of hens. The first few that I caught though were empty spawned out and I was lucky enough to get one that was not spawned out and it was a real easy job actually because all I have to do is reel her in and these things are quite like crazy you know what they're still got a lot of power even though it's pretty late in the season and she was shooting as soon as I picked her up. So as soon as I picked her up with my mouth grab her thing she started shooting eggs out and it was an easy process as to put my bag underneath, catch the eggs and then I like to do what's called the stream hardening which is you leave them inside the stream for about three or four minutes in the current, let the water harden the outside a little bit. So that's what I did. There's my rope. So this is a 10 and a half worth of a rope. So let's get to the process of curing this rope and all you're going to need is fuse simple items, the rope, some sea salt, a bowl and I like to use this bowl that has a strainer built in and let's get to it and I'll show you how you do it. Okay guys. So this is how I do my row. Basically I have a bowl here full of water. Now I use just tap water but anyhow I'm going to pour some of my rope inside here. Now I'll pour it all in, do it all at once, pour my row in the water. Okay. I'm going to get just sea salt, regular sea salt. Now there's no real measurements to this. Just put the salt in and stir it and you put enough salt in until the row starts to float. And once the row starts floating, you know you have enough salt in there and you just do this for a couple of minutes. It actually makes your row a lot harder than it. Clear. So just go like this, leave it in there a couple of minutes. Now that's why I like this bowl here because I can do this. Okay. You can see the rows kind of floating. The salt, the clay used cold water, the salt didn't really dissolve that much but it still gets the effect. It's a more. There we go. Now it's floating. Okay. Then you can grab it with your hand and you can feel it. It's at the firmness that you like and indeed it is hard. I can't break them and they're clear. They got a nice center to them. It's very nice. So that's how I do my care. Very simple. Very easy to do. And the longer you keep them in here, the harder that they get. And if you like them hard, if you keep them in longer, if you like them soft, pull them out. Then I will be. Now I'm going to package them and I'll show you how I package and freeze them. So with this cure here, I've had row for as long as five years and still used it and it's still good. I don't know. Some guys don't keep it for long but you know what? I haven't had a problem with it after five years. Okay. So here's the finished product. I have strained the water out and I've given them a quick rinse with fresh water. So what I like to do is I like to first put them inside regular Ziploc bag, sandwich bags and then I'll put them inside Ziploc freezer bag. And then I'll finally put them inside a bigger freezer bag. So they're triple, triple bag. So I'm going to get my marker. I'm going to put on the label here the date October the 10. What I did is salt cure. So that'll be my outside bag and what I'll do for these is that I will put three to five table spoons per Ziploc bag. And now give me what I need for a day's fishing. So I'll do four table spoons per bag and then I like to roll them up like this and get all the air out. And then I'll put these into the bigger freezer bag. And I'll put maybe four packages like this into a freezer bag and then this I'll put inside a bigger freezer bag. Okay, so here's the finished product. So I've bagged four table spoons per baggie and three bags per bag. So there's four eight 12 12 24 is about 48 table spoons of the row here. This should last me quite a while. And now I'm going to put this into two packages into a bigger Ziploc bag. Alright, and there we have it. The row is done. It's ready for the freezer. Ready for the next time you got to go trout or salmon fishing. Alright guys, thanks for joining me and I'll see you next time. And don't forget to like, share and subscribe and check out my other videos. How to make a center pin reel. And don't forget to enter the giveaway. I'm almost at my goal of 500 subscribers. I think I'm 30 away from there. So once I get 30 more stuff, I'll be doing the draw for the trout and salmon lures and stuff. So check it out. I'll leave a link below. Alright guys, thanks for watching and have a good one.