 Hello everyone, welcome to Easy Way Cooking. Today I'm going to be cooking some ox tail and bean for you. Of course in the pot we have the ox tail right now. It's already washed. It's ready to be seasoned right now. So what I'm going to be doing I'm going to take you over to the seasoning area. I'm going to be adding the onions. We have it there. We have the scallions right there. We've said the onions. We have the thyme and I also have this garlic. I also have some mintes which is going to give it some also nice. It's going to give it a nice flavor as we move on. We have the black pepper also that is very important to the whole season process. We have the soy sauce. This is a very good one. You can choose one that you like and also I'm going to be using some ox tail seasoning just to create more flavor to the pot. All right so I want you to observe the seasoning. These are very very easy. Add the onion to the pot. Afterwards you can always add the scallions as well. Those are the scallions you're going in. So you can add them whichever way you like. It is not quite as you'd like. You have to add them. I'm adding right now some garlic to the pot because I mentioned that garlic gives it a nice flavor. It's going to lock in the taste. It's going to make it nice. Of course I'm adding on right now the whole spice and the tomato. It's going to make a wee call in the ferment. But it's really all spice. We're using the blood pepper we're adding to the pot right now. Isn't that beautiful? Look at the color and everything that you know how beautiful it looks. Everything is coming together in the pot. Okay, let's make sure everything is probably cooked. I'm adding right now. Okay, some other stainless seasoning. You can get this by the store. Whichever store is in your era is not necessary to use the ox tail seasoning. You can always just use a seasoning that I've suggested to you before. However, adding that creates a nice flavor. I'm adding some soy sauce to the pot as well. Which is going to be good for a flavoring. I would suggest that you use only a little bit of garlic for now. Not too much. Okay, our add to taste. I mean some people like a lot on their ox tail. Some people don't like a lot on their ox tail. Right, for me I'm putting quite a bit on there because I like the color. I like the flavor of the sauce. Right, I'm going to be stirring the pot right now. The seasoning is to get it on mix into the ox tail. Okay, and I'm taking your time. You mix it in. That's what I'm doing. I'm keeping it mixing. Isn't it beautiful? Guys, that was taking color. It's beautiful. Beautiful. It's all beautiful, guys. Right. Here we have it. It's all seasoned. Looking beautiful in everything. So what I'm going to be doing now, as you can see, I'm covering the pot and then I'm going to put it in the oven. Okay, I'm going to let it cook for about 15 to 20 or 30 minutes. Okay, after which I'm going to take it out and then I'm going to add water to it. So what I did, I allow it to go into the oven. I want it just to be sauteed a bit. Okay, to have the season locked into it now. I want it to it. Right, which is going to now bring it all together. It's going to cook because it has to be cooked. Ox tail guys take a very long time to cook. It may take you after two hours to cook right now. It's on. I'm taking out of the oven. It's on the stove now. I'm doing the finishing of it now. This is about an hour and a half. I went 45 minutes. Okay, I'm putting in the beans right now into it. I'm stirring it all together. The beans are going to create a nice, comfy gravy to the pot. Okay, some people use potatoes. They cut the potatoes now. I've used potatoes using my values because the flavor that the bean gives with the oxygen. Okay, so right there you have it. Okay, so let me stay there for next half an hour to 15 minutes. I'm going to allow it to right to be cooked in to the pot. Right, now you can see it's all done. Okay, and it's falling off the bones. That's how you know it's cooked guys. Whenever time you see the meat starting falling off the bones, that's when you know it is ready. Look at how beautiful that is. That is so tasty guys. I'm telling you, you guys are going to love this. I'll stay right here. It's on the fire. It's still hot. The pot is bubbly right now. Right now I have it on top of the stove guys. Right, so I'm finishing it off right now on top of the stove. I've taken it on the oven on top of the stove. I have it right now. It is so beautiful. It is together. Look at that. Look at that. Look at that. Look at that. Look at that. Look at that. That is so tasty. Right now. Right. Beautiful. All done. All cooked. Right, you guys can try this one. At home. Share it with your friends. Share this video. Okay, and make sure that you're doing also the other videos now guys. It's on garnish, serve on the dish. What I did I served it with some white rice. Okay, and also with some, um, which is a ton of cucumbers as well. It's like some cucumbers fresh rice. Beautiful, agstale and bean guys. Well done on the grill. Please like and subscribe. Thank you for watching. Share our videos. I'm excited to share my mixed video with you. All right, have a good one and take care.