 Have you ever sat in your office and wondered to yourself what does a such bright stainless steel scrubbing pan and scrubbing bubbles have in common? If you have stay tuned and I'll tell you how. Hey guys welcome back to this week's episode of How Do I Clean? and I can't believe you stayed behind to hear the answer. When I started the cleaning business, one of my demises was soap scum. If you're in the cleaning business, you probably have the same demises. You get some of your shower doors, you get some tubs. Do you know what soap scum is? A sub scum is a chemical reaction that happens when hard water reacts with soap, the minerals and the hard water, like calcium, they react together and it creates that white scum. Anyways, you get much more technical if you want. You take a common cleaner like scrubbing bubbles and you add the power of a scotch bright pan, really because it's quite easy to clean. In today's video, I'm going to show you how it works. Hey guys, one of the questions a lot of you want to know is how to remove soap scum from bathtub walls like this. If you'll zoom in, you'll see that scum is all embedded into this and it is a pain to get off. There is an easy solution and I'm going to show you how you can take soap scum cleaner and a scotch bright pan and do it the fast. Okay, when you're looking at this soap scum, the first step I'd like to see you do is spray soap scum cleaner on the tub. I don't let it sit in there and react in the cleaning. Okay, I've let the soap scum remove or sit on the tub for a while. Notice I said soap scum remove and not bleach, not all purpose cleaner. Get the stuff that's made for soap scum. Alright, I am going to get scotch bright pads. Those who watch my channel know how much I love these things and watch the magic happen. How much better is that? Look at that. Okay, I'm going to clean away here and I'll come back in just a second. Okay, we've jumped a little bit ahead and what I've done is cleaned half of it and left the other half available so you can see what it looks like without cleaning it. So if you'll take a look out, you could clearly see soap scum on one side and how clean it is on the other. We're going to go back now and finish it up. Okay, I've finished cleaning this little area of the tub. This little better, don't you think? I won't bore you with cleaning the entire tub but you can tell looking around that the rest of this tub does have soap scum on it and you would just repeat the same process and this tub would look great. So one final look of the after. Yeah, it's really pretty amazing how easy these pads make your job. So really add that to your arsenal. If you don't have one, guess what? Turn clean cells these things. Click on the description here on YouTube or in the section on Facebook and you can buy your very own on our Amazon affiliate site. Hey guys, you like these type of cleaning videos and you want to see more videos? Click our subscribe button down there. If you're on Facebook, be sure to like our page. We'll see you next time on How to Act On.