 I'm going to show you all of it, but I decided I needed most of the space in my house clean, so I kind of corralled everything that I need to do into two rooms, and this is one of them. This is my corner of the room where I do my ironing and my steaming. I had to run a bad life for three days in a row, and then I had a few days for nothing to wrap, and then I was getting ready for my suns wedding reception, and of course my iron started spotting really, really badly on my dress, and my seamer, which I tried to use, it just quitted what it wouldn't work on me at all. So I need to clean this iron. I've done it before. I'm going to show you how I clean this iron. You can see the deposits in there. We have super hard water where I live, super, super hard water, and I admit that I'm guilty of putting regular water in here when I need to put not-taff water, but distilled water in there. But I've been lately putting dissonny water in there, but it still needs to be cleaned. I'm going to show you what it does. This is an old T-shirt that I wear to the gym. I'm going to show you what happens when I try to... I'm going to try to iron, and use the steam feature. It's leaving little pieces of lime deposit on my clothes. The steam is like getting in the way, interviewing with the picture, but you can see all that. That is not acceptable for my dress clothes. I really don't want this on the back of this shirt, but I'm going to clean the iron with vinegar and see if it improves. What I'm using is vinegar, and I have a little coolant back to fit down some of my sink, because I'm going to... Obviously steam this vinegar out, and I don't want it falling on anything. So going in the sink is going to be fine, and actually the bigger might help take any residue that might be off of the bottom of my sink as well. So the first thing I'm going to do is to dump all the water out of the iron. I don't have a funnel that's small enough, so I'm going to have to be really careful, I guess. If I are a waste vinegar, this would be easier to do if I poured it into a smaller container, or if I was using a vinegar container that wasn't quite full. I set the container down or stopped filming because it was more difficult to try to fill this while holding the camera. I need you to hands-pour this in. So completely filled it, I think I filled it past the water fill line. I'm going to put the iron down this, I'm going to plug in the iron, and put it on cotton, and I'll let it stay here and steam for a little bit, and hopefully those lumb deposits will work their way out. It's pretty bad, so I may have to do this twice. So have it plugged in into the outlet, and it's about the same, get everything safe, I'm not going to be messing around this. There's nothing in here that's going to catch on fire. There's nothing under here that's going to be harmed by the heat, or the steam, and there it goes. If I'm going to speed it up a little bit faster, we'll give it a couple of hours on that, but I really want this, oh my gosh, it smells horrible, vinegar just smells so bad. I really want it to clean those vents out. So it's going to tell me, it's going to stop doing this, and I'll have to come back, and set it up, and keep doing it like that, so it won't automatically cut off, because I do have auto cut off iron. Oh, it smells so bad, it's choking me. I'm also going to give a few source of this, because there's going to be lime buildup in there as well, right now, and that thing's coming out. So it's probably totally clogged up. So I'll try to, at the end, oh my gosh. It's only been a couple of minutes, but you can see the cred, it's already working its way out, with the vinegar's cleaning. And that is in my iron, and a little bit so that I want it to come out of my clothes. Anything else that I iron, it really needy cleaning. I'm probably going to get a damp bath off, and wipe that off. I have an old wipe bath off, and I'm going to carefully wipe this off. Gosh, look at that. This smell is so bad, I might have to spray some vodka or some other fragrance in my air, return fans to get this vinegar smell out of my house. I will link that video at the end of this one. It's time to set the iron up. Let's check it again. Look at that. How much cred is coming out of this iron? Oh, it smells so bad. I had to give up, I opened the window. All that stuck in that iron, keeping it from staining, and kind of coming out of my clothes. I had to get a little fan to try to blow some of this out, and it jumped off the countertop and revolted from the smell. Look at that. You know, wipe it and keep going. This is a third wipe filled with vinegar for our second time. I think I'm going to set the fan in the window to see if it will set the smell out. The fan is not drawing out the vinegar and steam, like I thought, so I'm going to move it back. They get better, pressing it. This iron has a self-clean feature that it doesn't, I don't think it really works on. I don't think it really works well with the top of water that we have. I really need to start putting distilled or bottled water in here. I just need to see some of the stuff that's coming out of the bottom. Just see what's already on the inside. I should have been able to take it, but I've been testing the spray that comes out of the nozzle on the front, and I've just finally got it to spray. It had been blocked up pretty badly. This spray now, so the vinegar is working. I'm going to let this mess in each time. It's almost empty. I'm going to fill it one more time with the vinegar. There are still just a few stubborn spots that need to be cleaned. I can't be de-o-chaped, but tilting the iron like this and using two hands to hold the vinegar is making it much easier to pour since I don't have a funnel that will fit a little spot. Another alternative would be to put the vinegar in a smaller measuring cup and pour it in that way. Since I actually have a measuring cup that has been discolored by the lime, because they usually use this in the morning to microwave about a cover so watered to pour through my nitty-pot to disinfect it, I'm going to pour vinegar in this and use it to put in the to the iron, because that will take care of some of this. I thought ahead I would have done this from the get-go right, taking care of two problems that is much easier. Hopefully there will be enough vinegar residue left in this measuring cup that is going to take care of. Must have a water problem in there. Let's see how that filled it out. Oh, does it even take a whole cup? I'm putting one more round in here and I'm going to see how it does. The smell is so horrible that I actually had to stick my head in the freezer just to breathe in a different top of air, this burning mine. You can smell brains. I've just never done this to me before, but it's probably what I get because normally I paint the siren really frequently and it's been a long time since I've done it. There's still yuck coming out. With bath cloth down the other side or moving it back and forth, you can see if that will help help some of it out. That steam would go away, you can see. It's still nasty. There are little pieces of pride in there. Just when I was about to quit, I did some of this and got that. I guess I'll keep on going. I'll put another piece taking about three forces of a cup of this. I'm going to do another round. It has just about quits spitting out nasty stuff, so I think I'm going to run some plain water through it, clean out the rest of that. I just put some water through a coffee filter. I'm going to use that. I think there's enough vinegar left in here that they plumb in my waters that I'm going to hurt it too badly. I need to go and clean water through here a couple of times before I use it to iron. Same black shirt, and then iron a few things that are going to be safe before I put it on any of my good clothes. I'm going to add some of the filtered water and just repeat the same process that I've been doing to try to clean this vinegar out. At least it should smell better. I'm just about to go back to the next fill line. I'm still getting the dark stuff out. I'll let that off and just do it. I'll turn it off if I tilt it forward a little bit. I usually won't do it now because I'm telling you it is. I'll use a little bit of water drips out. It brings with us some nasty. It's getting there. So it's last cleanse. I just want to show you how nasty this high reformally was fought. That was where I was walking out from the beginning. This is where I was ironing it off, secondly, and then that's where I started. I guess it's ejecting it. It's the best word. This is what I just got after I put the last bit of water in there. I've got it and give up too early. Honestly, I could probably put another squirt of another dose of water in here to get some more of that out. I'm going to go and test it on the black shirt to see if there are white stuff coming out. I'm going to be very careful that I aren't only old things for a while, but I'm pretty sure this arm is not going to do that to my clothes. It looks much better. Using the cup to contain the vinegar was enough to get the film off. It's pretty nice. I put more filtered water in and I'm heating it up. I'm just going to check it one more time. Oh my goodness, I'm got to do it. Looks like I'll be cleaning it on a towel before I put it down any clothes. I finally think that most of it's out. I'm going to put this one right beside it. This is before the vinegar cleaning. This is after the vinegar cleaning. It looks like there's still not be some residue in there. So I'm going to iron things that I don't really care about. But it is much better. I squirted the water out of the iron about a couple more times on a white cloth. I was able to iron my clothes. I ironed some jeans first. Then I was able to iron my white pants and no residue. I'm very happy that my iron is clean. It also cleaned my measuring cup. Awesome. Thank you for watching my video about how I cleaned my iron. It's really made my eyes and water and my nose dry. But that's okay because at least someone stopped. Thanks to watching leave a comment below. Share the video if you have a favorite. Until next time, take care. It's really like the bad of Banthe Gym. And stay me.