 Hi, Kristi in the Rady Kitchen. Today I'd like to show you how to dip strawberries in chocolate. You can make this cute arrangement for Valentine's Day, sweetest day, mother's day or any occasion. It's great as a gift and as a centerpiece. You need about 25 to 30 strawberries. I washed these and dried them really well with a paper towel and it's best to have them cold. I want them in the refrigerator. Some paste or liquid food coloring. Vanilla almond bark and chocolate almond bark. Some decorative cookie cupcake decorations. Vase to put them in and ribbon. You also need about 25 to 30 bamboo skewers and some sandwich bags. A scissors and a knife. Before you start dipping, you have to decide if you want your strawberries to have the leaves or no leaves. They're really pretty with the leaves but when you go to eat them, you have to buy it into it and throw it away. It's just much easier to stem them and then you can just pop them in your mouth to eat them. So, just stem them. I'm going to use this Rada Granny Pear. Works really good. As you can see, it curves to the shape of the fruit or vegetable. But it works really good to stem that strawberry. I don't do them all. I decide how many strawberries I want in the chocolate or how many I want in the vanilla. Then you're going to take a skewer and then push it. You're going to push it all the way through but you're going to just push it up through that strawberry. Now we're going to take, I'm going to start with chocolate first. I'm going to put this in the microwave for 30 seconds on high. We'll see how it looks. You have to do it twice but you don't want to burn it. Put these in the microwave twice on 30 seconds on high. Now they don't look like they're melted but sometimes the bowl is warm enough that once you start stirring it. And you don't want it too hot because it won't stick on your strawberry very well. So just the warmth of that bowl will help melt those leftover little pieces. That's about right. If you do get it too hot, you can add a solid shortening like Crisco, not oil or butter. But if it gets too thick, well then the trick is not to get it to that point. Now I also have this piece styrofoam. I think when I bought a printer, this works really well to stick them in after you've coated them. If you have a bowl that's not real deep, you should be able to just turn them. If you want to get to the stick, you can take a spoon. And then if you just shake it a little bit. So I'm going to try it. Actually the strawberries are better if they're not quite so ripe because they'll stick on the stick better. So here's the vanilla. And I did make a couple of vanilla and put chocolate dots on it. If I want to show you how to color this. Now this is a red liquid food coloring that actually if you only put in one drop, it makes it kind of that dusty pink which I really like. Or you can use a paste food coloring. And now here's something else. I'm going to add a little bit of shallow. It gives it that really good when you bite into the strawberry. It goes with that really a burst of strawberry flavor. You just mix that in. I don't know maybe a teaspoon depends how much. And it makes it smell really strawberry-ish too. So then you can just coat over many wanting pink. And now I want to show you how to do these drizzle marks. You just want to get a little on your spoon. And go back and forth. And you want to set that aside to let that harden too. Now I want to show you how to make the dots. What you do is take ordinary sandwich bag. I cut off this sealable and because it's kind of hard to work with. Open it up. Put your melted almond bark in one corner. And then with the scissors just cut the very, very tip off. So you get a size you want. And then you take your hardened one. Just make that. Now to get them even I found if you go diagonally. They'll come up pretty even. Another idea is to use these sprinkles. So what you do is tip the strawberry. Here to the excess. Now I'll still soft. You just sprinkle on. These would be really fun for a birthday party. They look neat in the Valentine one too. So once the coating has dried on the strawberries you can put them in a vase. And this was just a vase. I could receive flowers in one. Sorry I had the bow on. You can use a flower pot. Like a terracotta flower pot. That's really cute too. But you want it full. And then another thing you can do is I just took curling ribbon and I made these little bows. Just put them on the skewer and stick them in there. You could put some Hershey kisses on the sticks and put them in there make it a little more sweet. It's a really cute idea for Valentine's Day or any occasion. Everybody appreciate a homemade gift. This is one of the ideas and our fruit bouquets recipe book.