 Hey Artists and Outlawers, welcome back to another episode. I hope you are fine and doing well. Today I am going to show you how to make Graphite Powder using cheap and ordinary pencils. And I will show you several other techniques like professional sharpening of a pencil, creating background using Graphite Powder, using brushes, towns and tissues to blend Graphite Powder and stuff like that, along with three different methods to make Graphite Powder at home. So make sure to watch this video till the very end so you can get a better picture of what a Graphite Powder is really capable of. And how you can use it to make your luck easier as an artist. So let's make some Graphite Powder. So Graphite Powder is the most useful and I must have art spli for any pencil artist like me. I've been using Graphite Powder in my drawings for about two years now and I think it's convenient to make this Graphite Powder at home using some cheap pencils. Rather than buying even a small 150 gram pot which costs about 19 US dollars or 2300 rupees in Pakistan. And it's not even available here because Pakistan is a developing country. So as I said I've been making this Graphite Powder at home for a while now and I think it's worth sharing my technique with you all. Because I know most of the people living in background areas don't have access to stuff like this. And as I said it's a much of art spli for any pencil artist because you can speed up your shading and blending process three to four times. You can even make some amazing gradients by using a piece of tissue and a Graphite Powder. You can even blend it smoothly on any surface and paper of your choice. I created this flat background in this amazing art park using Graphite Powder and believe me it was very easy to do so. You can also blend it with a brush or even blending some if you want. Here's another example of the background I created using this same homemade Graphite Powder. And you can even erase it easily with any ordinary razor or even add some white lines and highlights using a sharp tip razor. Anyways let's compare a pencil shade and a Graphite Powder shade to give you another example of its awesomeness. As you can see we are left with some strokes and textures in this shade. But you will never get these type of textures and strokes in a Graphite Powder shade. You will always get a perfect and smooth shade or gradient whatever you want to do. Okay let's move on to the DIY portion of this video. The pencils I am going to use in this DIY are the cheapest pencils ever available in a stationary. And these are a few types of pencils I use for this purpose. These are the two and half HP Goldfish pencils which cost about 0.4 US dollars or 5 rupees in Pakistan. This one is also a two and half HP and it's more cheaper than Goldfish. Now this one is a professional two-beet drawing pencil by EFER which I use in almost 90% of my drawings. And whenever I find a pencil with broken lid I always prefer to recycle them using this same technique which I am going to use in this video. Okay so first of all you have to remove the wooden part using a craft knife or an X-sector knife. By the way it's the same method I used to sharpen my pencil for drawing purpose. You can line this technique from this video in the cards. Make sure to remove the wooden part slowly or you will break the lid. Okay as you can see the lid is there now let's move on to the first method of making graphite powder. You need a small piece of sandpaper of great size approximately 80 to 120. Now place your pencil z on the sandpaper and drop gently. So we will get this fine quality graphite powder in no time. Remember that the quality of your graphite powder depends on the size of your fridge you are using. I use this 100 grit sandpaper to get a fine quality powder. By the way this is my favorite method because it's simple easy and faster than the other two methods. As you can see the lid is finished you can chop the pencil again and repeat the process to get your desired quantity of powder. Anyways let's move on to the second method which is using a knife. In this method you can use whatever type of knife you have. I'm using the same ordinary craft knife. You just have to place the sharp end of the blade on the lid and start rubbing and scratching the lid smoothly. And you will get this fine quality graphite powder from the second technique. Now the third one is scratching the graphite powder using a hammer. Looks funny right? Yeah I tried this method for fun and I don't recommend it to any of my viewers. Just enjoy this short clip and we will move on to the comparison process. So we have these three types of graphite powder here and I'm going to compare them with each other to know which one is better for shading and blending. I will use this ordinary tissue paper to blend the powders. So let's start with the sand paper. Hmm looks nice and smooth. Moving on to the second method. And now with this last one. Okay so I don't see any major difference in the shades other than the darkness which totally depends on the hand pressure, amount of powder and things like that. So I think the overall shading tone is same for all the methods and you can choose any of these method to make out super smooth and high quality graphite powder at home. I hope you enjoyed this video. Feel free to comment your reviews about this one and if you want to support me on Patreon, here's the link to my profile. I'm going to start posting some extra content tips and text videos where I zone for my awesome patrons so keep an eye on that. And if you are new to my channel I would love to have you subscribed because I upload new content every Saturday. Thank you so much for watching, keep learning, keep trying and have a nice day.