 What's up YouTube? It's another quick GPA review. This is the Duncan Butterfly XT. XT. This is the second one I have ever bought. I bought this one semi recently because it was five bucks at Target. But I did have another one of these that was all red that I actually bought kind of when I came out in I think 2012. I played it a bunch and then I lost it and I haven't seen it since. So this came out in 2012. This is sort of Duncan's like beginner intermediate. Yo yo. It has a size C bearing in it which is cool. And it fits the spacers, the yellow spacers. I do have the spacers. I don't know where they are. Tell me in the comments if you want me to find spacers and like do because they work on both the Butterfly XT and the ProZ. You'll see the review of the ProZ. I'm going to do that as well as sort of this like quick cheap yo-yo review series. But they work on both this and the ProZ. And basically what it does is it takes it from this sort of narrow gaps. Starburst response yo-yo to a wider string trick yo-yo. This one's pretty cool as far as beginner intermediate tricks are concerned. You can get pretty decently far with it. I know my buddy Sam Hicks said that he got his, it was one of his first yo-yo's. And he got all the way up to plastic whip with it. So that's not any bad. On the box it says it's great for string tricks. In this form I would disagree in just the standard form that it comes. It's a $5 package from Target. I would disagree. It's good for trapeze and stuff if you want to, you know, you can learn to land the trapeze. It spends a pretty long time. Good for that type of stuff. Doesn't loop all that, I mean if I double wrap the string around the bearing it with loop better but it's not so great for looping like it sleeps. Like it's a pretty good sleeper but it's good for like beginner stuff because it's tug responsive but you have to give it a good tug to get it back. So you could do like, you know, your trapeze and double or nothing and I'm going to snag. Now I didn't. And it comes with a nice really thick dunking string. I like the thick dunking string and not particularly for this. It'd be more unresponsive if I put like a thinner like normal kitty string on it or something like polyester string but this thick dunking string I like it a lot for like fixed axle tricks. Not this fixed axle, yo, but I think it's cool. It's same string that comes on the regular imperial and butterfly and I think it makes those yo-yo's particular, well the butterfly particularly really good for fixed axle play. But let's pull this apart real quick. I'll show you what it looks like on the inside. So as you can see, kind of a wide, you know, the bearing is sort of, it's a flat bearing but it's a size C standard bearing, starburst response. Basically you push this in and it'll pop out the side cap here and that's how you would get the spacer in on the longer axle in on this side for the spacers. I have to find the spacers but, you know, the gap's kind of small the way it comes and the starburst response is pretty aggressive but I would imagine this one with the spacers would be unresponsive and not terrible. I mean, I've put the spacers on the pro Z before and I hated the spacers on the pro Z because it comes with a smaller bearing but this one with the size C bearing and the spacers, it would make it unresponsive and it would be, you know, I mean, it would vibe like crazy because it would be so many different pieces of the pro Z vibe like crazy with the spacers in. But, you know, if you're on a budget and you want to get, you know, if you got $10 to spend or $15 to spend, if you get a pro Z and a butterfly XT, the pro Z I think is $10 but it comes with the spacers. The butterfly XT is $5 but no spacers, they should have switched it the other way. But, you know, that'd be good. You could learn all your looping tricks on the pro Z and you could learn all your responsive and unresponsive string tricks on the butterfly XT and, you know, for $15 you'd have two yoyos that didn't suck terribly as a beginner. I mean, you probably want to buy more eventually because everybody does. But, you know, not a terrible option and you can get this target for $5. Pro Z is usually available and I'll do, I'll talk about that but that's usually available to us but you'll see that review in a different video. But, anyway, guys, make sure you like and subscribe. Tell me what you think about these quick cheap yoyo reviews and or cheap yoyo quick review. That's what it is. And, you know, tell me the comments. Make sure you like and subscribe and thanks for watching. Cheers to you. And I'll see you next time.