 Hi everyone and welcome back to our channel. I'm Stephanie and my husband Davide and I are the restylist here on YouTube. On our channel we do all things DIY, upcycling, teary design, renovations, decorating, halls, you name it. So if you're interested in any of that, then please stick around. In this video my husband and I are going to show you how we transformed our ordinary, quite plain coffee table into something mid-century modern. So because our coffee table just had a plain glass top on it, I thought that it would be the perfect opportunity to try the antique mirror effect that I've seen a fair few times on YouTube and on TV. It's super easy. So if you have any outdated old glassware that you're not really a fan of anymore or that needs a bit of a jazz up, then I highly recommend you give this a go. And without any further blibing on to the video. All right that's it guys. I hope you enjoyed. I hope you found it inspiring and beneficial to you. If you do your own antique mirror, I'd love to see it. So please send us a photo or response video we'd love to have a look. There is one thing that I will say about this tutorial as a overall analysis. Overall, Davide and I are pretty happy with how this turned out. However there is one negative comment that we have to make. We're not really satisfied with the mirror effects spray paint, which is disappointing because it costs us $20 Australian. So that's about $12 US. I'm assuming. So it ain't cheap. It even says on the can mirror effect, transform clear glass into a mirror, ideal for glass, vases, lamps and more. It didn't go as mirror like as I would have hoped. I've seen other ones using another product that I will link down below that I recommend you use because the results of those in the videos I've seen look really good and really like a mirror. So yeah that was a bit disappointing. I wouldn't recommend the Rustolium version. Sorry, Rustolium. I do normally love your product, but yeah which is a bit disappointed with that overall. If you like this video then please don't forget to give us a big thumbs up. Australian style and also subscribe if you're not already. We'd love to have you join the Rustolium family. Also if you have any questions, queries or suggestions then please don't forget to write us a comment down below. Thank you so much guys for watching and we will see you next time on the Rustolium.