 Perfect. For I was a cookin' in the oven and that is all done.但是, RIGHT NOW! I got you right into this recipe. This is requested, right? This is a recipe that you guys asked me for. The recipe that one turn up load in their kitchen. How to make hobbin bake barbecue up steel. Fast, easy and simple, right? No, my husband love this recipe. And I wanna share the magic with you. This is my virtual opening, right? Let's go. No. When I'm painting my up steel, I usually use lemon juice and vinegar. That is what I use to clean all my meats. Now you could go ahead and use whatever you like. If you're a kitchen, just like this on my own. I'm going to use lemon juice and vinegar. And that's what's there. Make sure your up steel is nice and clean before you do anything with it. No. We are going to go into the spice season. Ah, the good way I'm gonna need for making thing fun of love because remember, hobbin bake barbecue up steel up in the middle of your kitchen. So let's talk about the spice, is not? You're definitely gonna need your barbecue robber. Barbecue robber is a must for this recipe. It's gonna give it that grill flavor in your oven. Now you're also going to need all purpose seasoning. If you don't have all purpose seasoning, grab yourself some up steel seasoning. Remember, up steel, you're cooking up. Then you're going to need a salt and black pepper. You also need onion powder, garlic powder, and paprika. The paprika that I'm using is a small paprika. Become a lot more for the grill flavor. To it. Now if you don't have that, just use regular paprika. You're still good. And tons of parsley. If you want to use fresh parsley, go ahead and do that. But the more parsley into this recipe is the better the tail of a taste. You're also going to need season bread crumbs for this recipe. If you don't have season bread crumbs, let's use regular bread crumbs. Now for the other things that you're going to need for this recipe, is your stock. I'm using homemade stock that I made. Now you could use beef stock, you could use vegetable stock, but do not use chicken stock. Okay, now a quick chicken, right? No, we're going to have vinegar because I know it won't be available. My vinegar and my kitchen. Then you're going to need barbecue sauce. And the barbecue sauce off your choice, you go ahead and grab it because I hear barbecue sauce and I hear flavor, right? So go ahead and use that. Now the vegetable off choice is really important for this recipe. Now if you follow me step-scarefully, you're going to have the perfect, home-made barbecue oxaline and kitchen ever impress you. But like your friends and your family, right? Even the obi-tou. Now you need onions and bell pepper and celery. Carrots, tomatoes, scallion and thyme. You definitely need some fermented seeds for this recipe and pepper. Meir pepper, but me need flavor. I'm not going to pop it. I'm just going to put it in there for flavor. And those are the things that you're going to need for this recipe. Not skip nothing because if you think, come on, fly fly, don't blame me. Now let's start cooking like really, really cooking. I have my oxaline there, three pounds. That has been washed nice with lemon juice and vinegar. You want to make sure before you put any seasonin' planet that there is absolutely and positively no water on it. Make sure to say you've caught right there till there's some pepper to it. But whatever you do, make sure there's no water on it, right? The first thing I want to do is add salt and dark pepper to the meat. Then add onion powder and garlic powder. Then add my barbecue ruff twins and my all-purpose seasonin'. I'm going to add my smoked paprika and some dried parsley. I'm also going to add a half cup of my favorite barbecue sauce. Now with clean hands, you want to go ahead and mix all that spice in. And make sure to say I mix it to you when you're good. Now the best thing about seasonin' that meat right there, you don't have to let it sit and marinate for no time because remember, you're going to put this in the oven and when you put this in the oven, it's going to get all the good juices and spice. Trust me, watch the ride. No, my dutch that found the fire, I'm ready to put it. I'm going to add my uphill hands. I'm just going to go ahead and give that a little bit of color. Loma uphill at the perfect color. I'm going to go ahead and add my bread crumbs to that. You're going to give this about three minutes to come together and then you take it off the heat. The next thing I'm going to do is add all my vegetables here. Scanning the time and ferment the seed, carrots, celery, everything. Now you're going to go in and add your vegetable stock or your beef stock. Then you're going to go ahead and add your vegetable stock or your beef stock. Then you're going to go ahead and add your beef stock or your beef stock. Then you're going to go back in and add some more barbecue sauce on top of that. Now you want to get your foil paper and you want to make sure that your cover is up nice and high. You want to put that into a preheated oven only. Your oven should be on 400 degrees, really really hot. And then I'm going to come back here in two hours This should take about four hours to talk to me. But I'll meet you back here in two hours and see what the next day is. At this step, I'm going to go ahead and add a teaspoon of salt and a bit of soy. So what I'm going to do here, I'm going to go ahead and pop it back into the oven on cover for sure. And I'm going to let it finish cooked. Now after that two hours, these upstairs should be done. After two hours of cooking, look at my barbecue upstairs. Open baked barbecue upstairs, look at the bats. Nice, tender, juicy, oven-based barbecue. I'll still imagine making kitchen. Upstairs. Huffing baked barbecue upstairs in my kitchen that you have requested fast, easy and simple, like, like, like, share, share, share. Let me know what you like to see me cook a next in my kitchen. And as always, from my kitchen to your kitchen, and die! I'm going to let this cook for a good, 30 minutes on medium heat. Cover it up nice and make it simmer. I want it to don't simmer, attack it for heat. So, see you back in a few minutes. This is in with your foundation for coverage. You know, like, yeah. And last but not least, the last thing I tend to go for in my makeup collection is this palette right here. Let me show you what this baby looked like. It has a whole bunch of concealers. I believe it's $10 for this palette.