 Hi, I'm farm2table chef Tekka Thompson at Tekka Thompson.com. Today we're talking about how to start tomato seeds inside using seed trays. So starting this way is a really great way to get a jump on your tomato seedlings, especially in climates that are cold. This will ensure that you'll have the nice little seedlings ready to go after your last frost and when your spring has come. So what we're going to do is we're going to take a seed tray or any kind of pan-pan-panor you have that has a good drainage system and that's small enough that you can put plastic wrap over it. And we're going to fill it with all-purpose potting soil. We'll want to moisten from the bottom, which means you just take the tray at the bottom and you'll pour water into it. And this will ensure that the moisture can just come up from the bottom of the tray and continue to moisten from underneath. And you'll want to plant seeds right down the middle of your tray about two inches apart and about a half an inch deep. So we'll do this all the way down. You want to take some plastic wrap and this will ensure that it keeps the greenhouse effect it keeps it really warm. So we're going to take the plastic wrap and we're going to put it all the way on top over your container. This will be about seven to ten days for the seeds to germinate. And you want to check them regularly, making sure that the plastic wrap is working and keeping them warm, making sure they're moist, making sure they're in a warm area. Once the seeds have germinated and popped through your dirt, you want to make sure to take off the plastic wrap. And then you can get this time, move them into a nice sunny area and they should get at least six to eight hours of sunlight a day. And if you cannot get sunlight, you can stimulate sunlight with a heat lamp. Then out the seedlings, when they're about two inches high or they have two sets of true leaves, when your plants are big enough for the weather is warm enough, you want to make sure you're well past your last frost. You can plant your tomatoes outside in a nice, beautiful sunny area and make sure to give them lots of support by staking them or tying them up.