 Hi, my name is Terry Sproul and I want to welcome you to my studio. In today's video, I'm going to show you in less than one minute how to dry your own flowers and pressure on flowers. Come on down, let's start playing. Okay, here I am opening my max micro-floor microwave flower press by Arnold Grummer. So I'm taking off the top sheets and I'm grabbing the flowers that I picked on my walk while I was out today. This is a great way to preserve all of those memories. This could be wedding flowers or just flowers out on a walk. I'm just picking up all the different flowers and seeing what's going to work for me and what's not. Because not every flower presses perfectly, but don't worry about that. I'm going to tell you how to solve that problem. So now I'm going to put the top cloth back on and now the pressing cloth. Now the top cover and then you have four clips. So you're going to clip your whole little like sandwich together. I'm going to call it a sandwich. And then you're going to take this whole little sandwich to your microwave. Depending on your microwave, so read the direction is how long you're going to leave it in the microwave. My microwave is 700 watts, so I left it in my microwave for 30 seconds. Excuse me, 20 seconds actually. So 20 seconds later I'm chopping off those four clips. And this is an exciting part. I get to reveal what flowers work perfectly. Pulling off that pressing cloth. And there's that white sheet again. Oh, the exciting part. And flowers all look how pretty. Now again, I'm not worried about the ones that didn't turn out perfect because those can be used in paper making in the future. I can take those pieces and I can put them in my pulp as I'm making paper. And then I have beautiful flecks of flowers in my paper. So no worries on anything that didn't work out perfectly. But the ones that did are absolutely amazing how pretty they are. Look at this one. Isn't that just gorgeous? I don't know what these purple ones are, but they're one of my favorites. The neighbors got them in their yard. Yes, I asked permission. And this one is just so delicate. Now right at the end of this video, I put some pictures of some more that I dried and then took some really nice photos of. So you get to see exactly how these flowers press so nicely. And I get to use them in craft projects in the future. See, look at that. Isn't that beautiful? So thanks for stopping by and grab some flowers and get pressing. Thank you.