 Cleaning mustard and ketchup stains off a couch is actually pretty simple. I'm going to show you some neat little tricks. It's not too hard, but of course before you start cleaning anything, always test the incestbicula spot with the cleaner you're using. So you notice not damaging the couch material. So let's get started. You'll want to soak up or blotch as much of the physical stain or the material up as much as possible. So I'm just going to grab it and scoop it like so. I'm going to do the same thing with the mustard. Grab it and scoop it. When you're cleaning stains, you always want to blot. To get the stand up. The good news about certain stains I catch up with mustard is that many of the laundry detergent makers actually figured out how to get those stains out, especially with the stain fighter, a particular detergent. All we're going to do is get some laundry detergent like this. Just put a little bit in there. It's plunting right there. I'm going to get some hot water. Let me just come mix it up. That's it. We got here our bowl of warm water with laundry detergent. All I'm going to do is just very gently rinse the water out. You can still hear out. It's still saturated with some soap. All you want to do is blot to the area. Nice and firm pressure. You'll get color transfer on the rack, which is good. The color transfer of the mustard, not the color transfer of the actual cow to self. You just want to keep blotting the area. You don't see any color transfer anymore. Sometimes I like to go back and forth like this. You want to avoid scrubbing, at least scrubbing in the opposite direction of what the actual fabric is. It goes like this. You want to avoid doing this. It's okay to do a little bit of this. It's not too hard. Of course, every soap often rinse off in the solution created. As you can see, after a few blotting and light scrubbing, the catch up in mustard stains have disappeared. It leaves you with a nice clean. Sofa. It's a great thing about using laundry detergent and water, because laundry detergent manufacturers are already figured out how to get the catch up in stain stains out of clothing. Fabrics not too far different. You have to be careful. You don't want to use too much water. You want to blot the stain. But there you go. That's how you get catch up in mustard out of sofas.