 So, Tepache is a fermented pineapple drink typically sold by street vendors in Mexico. It's really simple to make. It's just pineapple water and sugar and let it ferment for a couple days until it gets a little bubbly. I couldn't find any record of it being commercially produced. You can buy it in a bottle. I think anybody that's serving it is making it themselves with a little jug in the back of the room with pineapple fermenting in it. I think it's okay to ferment some stuff on your own. We ferment stuff here so hopefully it's legal. I just had to... It actually was only my second stop. I parked in Little Village, walked, stopped in a restaurant, asked if they had it. They didn't walk to another place and they had Tepache, a bubble in a way and the bubbler. I think the woman was pretty proud of it actually. She was excited that I asked. She drank some with me. She's like, have you had this before? This is the stuff I found in Little Village. This is mine. I think the color difference is probably from traditionally used palm sugar to make it, which I didn't have. I'll give you the professional stuff. I actually, it's really good. It's refreshing. It tastes like pineapple beer for lack of a better term. You get that pineapple-free-diness and then there's that kind of yeast-y after-vestance at the end. First we'll soak the wings. So I let this... The wings sit in a mixture of half buttermilk and half Tepache for a few minutes. Just to get that flavor going in there and also to have a binder for our flour. We've got some chicken wings from Slagel Farm. Let those soak. We've got the glaze. We've got some pickle cherry bomb peppers. Put those peppers in here. It's a little bit of the pickle grind as well. It's Pache minced raw garlic, just for a little punch there. And then put this on the heat and let it reduce down to a nice glaze. I'm just going to double coat these so you get a nice crispy crust on the chicken. So we went from the buttermilk and Tepache mixture into our seasoned flour and then I'll go back into the buttermilk and Tepache mixture and then back into the flour. So the real wing master in this kitchen is actually my sous chef Brian. So I'm just trying my best to live up to his example and make some good wings. Now let's come it down a little bit. We're going to add just a little bit of honey from our pives that we sponsor out in here in this Prairie in Elvern. Just sort of kick up the sweetness from the Tepache. Also help to make it a little more viscous so we can stick to the wings. It talks about how our glaze is. It's a nice and coated and let's make some fried rice a little bit of meat. Garlic. Some candy ginger that actually is local ginger. Got our right. I cooked the right in Pache. So it's got a little bit of a sourness to it which is actually nice to work with everything else that's going in here. We got some roasted pineapple. That's lovely Midwest pineapple. It's got a little chorizo verde that we make in-house. It's kind of bringing the agent and the Mexican influences together. Not bad. I don't know if I beat Brian but a nice crispy crust and then sweetness, a little funk from the Tepache, a little heat from the peppers. I like the rice. It's a little different. It's also interesting because you have that sort of, I think, the acidity and the Tepache comes out a little bit when you cook down with the rice. But I think it complements everything pretty good. I'm pretty happy with this. Works for me. Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah, super bowl party with Tepache wings. Absolutely. I think that's going to have to be on the menu this year. It's kind of one of those Midwestern ingredients, locally forged things that people tend to, I think they pretend that they can't actually get that because it's weird. It has an odd texture, a very unique flavor and I don't see you getting used too much. So I'd like to give them that challenge of using one of those local ingredients that gets overlooked.