 This is the V5 power. It's got a V-shaped blade, makes it very very sharp. You touch this button to slide it back and it will actually go to four different thicknesses. Place whatever you want to slice, dice chip or chop onto your safety guard and you glide from top to bottom. If you click this forward one, you'll actually find it will go thinner. You click it again, you go thinner again and if you click it again, you get this lovely fine tofu from Waffer Tato or your own vegetable crisp. Just look how fine they are so you can go from that to that. The medium one as well so you've got four different thicknesses. Now you can slice anything you want on here, it doesn't really matter. One of the hardest things I find to slice is an onion. Smelly hands, stained fingers and tears. Slide it right the way back just by touching the button. Place your hand on there and take it back. Here you get this lovely thick slice. There's a beautiful thick slice of onion, butter deep fry for an onion ring. If you click it forward one, you go it, you go a little bit thinner. If you click it again, you'll go thinner again and of course if you click it again, you go right the way down to this beautiful Waffer and paper thin slice so you can go from that to that very very easily. So you get any thickness you want. Now when it's sharp, it is super sharp. Press the button at the side, you take it back, how about a tomato, something very very soft, a strawberry, a raspberry, a gusbury, it doesn't matter what it is. Here's a beautiful thick slice. Click it forward. Remember you go a little bit thinner, click it again and you go right the way down. Just look at that perfect for your sun, which is a new salad. Now so you can slice anything. Now if you want to shred on it, some people like to shred cabbage, red white English Dutch, firmer lattices, iceberg cos, prawn cocktails, whatever you want to do. Here is a nice thick slice or a nice thick shred. If you just click it forward one, you can go even finer. If you click this all the way forward when you're not using the machine, it goes into a safe mode. I think that's fantastic. To press the button you take that, you lift this out and you've got two other slides. I'll just show you those very, very quickly. They're very simple. You've got this one here, the one that one does the bigger chips and this one here does the little chips or the little chop. We'll show you how this chips and how it chops. You drop that in like so and here you've got your lovely French fries. Now we did something very small, here's something quite large like a potato. You do carrots, turnips, sweets, crudedays, dips, all done in seconds. How's that? For those beautiful fries, just look at that. They're absolutely gorgeous. How about this look? If you want to dice with this, remember just like the slicer, you click it forward. It even tells you on here what you're going to get. So that one sticks, click it forward, you don't have to dice. Now to dice down anything, that's very easy as well. Now if you want to chop down celery, it could be leech onion or red or green pepper. It doesn't really matter what it is. You just run this through the blade, a little twist and there you've got this lovely dice. So you can dice anything you like. Just look at that, perfection at your fingertips. And if you want to dice down an onion, now I find onions are the hardest thing to dice. Just watch this for chopping an onion. A whole onion, you don't have to chop it up beforehand, unlike a lot of things. Just watch this, twist your wrist, don't know if anybody has a state, liver, mince, doesn't matter what you want to do. You go all the way down to the end. How's that? For a perfect chop of onion. Absolutely superb. Now to wash it up by the way, that's very easy. You just rinse it warm, soapy water. You've got the washing up done. There's no way for food particles to get trapped. Now to take the slides out, remember, all you do is you touch the button at the side, you take it back and you left it. You take this slide here, the one with little teeth. Now a big teeth, do a big chip and a big chop. It's pretty obvious that little teeth will do a little chip and a little chop. Don't forget, you're indicator here, you line the arrows up, this is going to give us julienne. Now I like to butter boil and steam these. You can put these in a stir fry. What have nicest ways to do these for a beautiful vegetable dish is you put these in a microwave dish, another butter, garlic butter if you like. And you cook those. Bit of cling film. They're absolutely gorgeous. Can you see those beautiful carrots julienne. Now obviously, you can julienne anything in that way. You might want to do cucumber, onion, vinegar, as a side salad. Maybe a natural yogurt for a writer. It's up to you what you want to do. But if you wanted to dice this for those lovely fine Mediterranean, there you've got it. If you want to dice this for those beautiful Mediterranean salads, the finest dice of onion you've ever seen, you know what to do. Or you do very simply, as you just click this forward, that way it goes on to dice, as indicated there. I'm going to chop down an onion because that's about the worst thing you can do. Now we dice the onion nice and causally. This is how you dice your onion nice and finely. Watch, there's your onion there is your machine. Remember you just have to twist your wrist. And as you twist the wrist, now this is so fine. It's fantastic for meatballs, Mediterranean salads. As the end, there's no waste, there's no mess. And what I want you to see is this is almost a light snow. Now notice all the juices are in there as well. Now once again to wash it up, you just rinse it, take that back, rinse it warm soapy water. There you have the washing up done. There's no way for food particles to get trapped. To store this is very easy as well, very unique. To store this slicer, this V5, all you do very simply is you pop that in there like that. You click this all the way forward so it goes into safe mode. You've got this box here, you take the teeth, you make sure they're pointed outwards, that's all you do. And you clock it in there, click it in there like that. The same with this one here. And then that, if you look at this, you've got a strengthening bar on the back here. And all you do now very simply is you click that on there like so. And there's your machine stored perfectly. The safety guard, it has a little place here, you just sockets on the back. That machine is now convenient and ready wherever you want to go with it. Thanks the V5 power.