 Hi Youtube, welcome to my channel! So today I have a really fun and cheap DIY that looks so expensive and so fancy. So I turned some normal drinking glasses from your press. My gothies glasses in dawns, they were like 2, 3 euro, really inexpensive and I turned them into fun feel looking glasses. So I had gotten a can of mirror effect spray paint. I had gotten like a box of samples earlier in the year from Australia and that mirror spray paint was sitting there and I was like I really want to use this on something but I don't know what to do with it. So I was kind of like searching on like a paint dress and I was looking on Youtube to see what other people have used for my stumbles across this effect called mercury effect. Got mercury glass effect, not gonna lie, I had to google what mercury glass was. So after having a quick google it was basically like poor man silver back in the day and so it wasn't so much silver and it wasn't so much mirrored but I like it because it looks antique, it looks aged and it looks like a bit shabby. So it's really really simple to get this effect, it's basically 3 steps involved which I'm going to show you how I do it today. For any bright that there this is actually as I was making this I was like this would be such a really nice wedding DIY and so important to you and it's really inexpensive because you just turn all glasses into vases. So what you will need, you will need glass and so I just used some drinking glasses that I got them doing small ones were like 2 euro and I like the shape of this one, this one was 3 euro so it's like a little decanter and it makes a perfect like baths kind of shape. But you might have some like old items of baths where you're hanging around the house that you can just recycle and give a new lease of life. They don't only need your mirror effect spray paint, I washed a few DIYs and they don't sell crylons where I'm from. I don't think they do anyway, I'm sure you can buy on a half amazon. I have the restolium mirror effect and kind of spray paint but in DIYs I've seen people were using the crylons as well. You are going to need a spray bottle with some water and vinegar and you're going to mix it 50-50 half water half vinegar and then you're going to need I use a little cotton makeup pad because the fluff didn't come off and you're going to use that to dab. So some like tissue paper, lint freeze because you don't get any like the fluff and so I just use a cotton pad. So the steps involved to achieving this effect is actually quite simple. Now I for this DIY because it was my first time trying it, I sprayed the outside of the glass but if you wash other DIYs they sprayed the inside and I because it was my first time I said I'm going to just spray the outside and see how I got along with that bottle. You can spray the inside but when I washed them DIYs it just looked a bit messy because they were like swirling it inside and I said no first time I'm going to try it inside and I kind of got the same effect. So there is basically three steps to this DIY. First step is you're going to mist your piece so your glass you're going to give it a light mist of the water and vinegar solution. You're then going to spray it with a coat of spray paint and then you're going to get your cotton pad and you're going to dab off the excess of the water drop. It's just where the drop is there and make sure you dab and not drag because if you drag you're going to just take your whole spray paint off and then you're going to repeat that three process for like three more times. So spray, spray paint and then dab which I hope it makes more sense when I show you what I do. So basically clean your glass make sure it's not dirty. You don't have to prime this in my order spray paint and DIYs I primed it and you don't have to prime this to get this effect on this one. Once you've cleaned your piece with glass cleaner then you're going to mist it and I stressed mist it. My water bottle had a quite a heavy nozzle on it so just make sure you stand back and gently mist it and you don't want to have huge big drips on it. Then you're going to give it a coat of spray paint and then dab and they are the three steps. I've also put kind of like a blog post where I write it in more detail. I'll link that below as well so you can check that I want to have some more pictures on my blog as well. I then just let it fully dry before I put like the fun stuff I got to style it and put like my flores in and stuff in it. So I let it fully dry for the day before I went and put my flores in. I know the last time I use spray paint I put my water and flores into your sink and I got this kind of like residue foam and I was like oh no it's going to kill my flores. So give it a good day to dry before you put your flores in. I love the contrast of the pink flores with the silver so I went and got me some roses just from local shop got them in super rake and I put some roses and just feel it and because I love that kind of like shabby chic girly look but as I was kind of pointing to her I was like oh my god this would be gorgeous as like for a wedding. It'd be really pretty un-attachable. You can get like really crafty with this and you can do it on like mirrors and you can do it on loads of different household items. I've even seen like Christmas ornaments which I was like I think really did do that as a Christmas DIY is doing my career effect. Christmas ornament. Also don't forget to put on your gloves. I did even slap on the hand empty. When I'm painting I can't eye the little hands and people are like why don't you have your gloves on when you're painting it's because of the little hands on the gloves are too big and I can't grab things. Both when you're using your spray paint and if you have sensitive skin make sure you use your gloves and follow the safety instructions on the can and spray paint inside. I always use anything aerosol outside in the garden. So have a little peep and see how I style it in my house. I hope you enjoy this video. Don't forget to subscribe give me a thumbs up when I really hope you enjoyed this video tag me in your Instagram pictures. I love seeing your DIY so if you do give this a bash please tag me in your pictures I'll pop my handle here and thanks so much for watching and I'll see you in next week's video.