 Today I'm going to show you guys how to make cashew milk and if you're looking for an alternative to dairy milk or you'll like to have some tolerant or you just want to try something new. This is a super easy recipe that only requires a few ingredients. Since I bought my Vitamix I've been making this almost every morning and it's so good. You can use it in cereal, you can use it in recipes and smoothies. Basically you can use it as if it was regular milk. So we're going to go ahead and get started. What you're going to need are raw cashews and I know some of them is not so expensive. I like to buy them at Trader Joe's. You can get these big bags for only a few dollars. So if there's Trader Joe's near you, I would have a heavy breakfast or not. You're also going to need water. I'm using purified water. You can use it from your faucet. If you have like an attachment that purifies it. You're going to need sugar if you want it to be a little bit sweeter. I'm using turbanana sugar which is raw cane sugar. You can also use stevia or agave or whatever your preference is for a sweetener. Salt which is also optional. You just need time kind of that. And then I'm also going to use a little bit of vanilla extract as well just to give it some more flavor. So the first thing you want to do is you want to soak your cashews in water. That's going to remove the enzyme inhibitor that's covering them. It's called an anti nutrient coating. And you can do that overnight. That's the best way. You want to measure it or not into a bowl. I'm using one cup of raw cashews. So I already did that and I already soaked them overnight. So they're in here right now. You can see that in there. I put these in water last night. Woke up and I'm just going to strain the water out with my colander. So you're just going to go ahead and strain them. And then you can throw away the water that is strained from them because you're not going to use that. So you're going to go ahead and add the nuts to your blender. So again, that's one cup of raw cashews. And then you want to do a wonderful ratio with nuts to water. So if I'm using a cup of nuts, I'm going to use about four cups of purified water. So I'm going to go ahead and add that as well. And then I'm going to add a little bit of salt, just a tiny, tiny, tiny bit, like a pinch of salt. I'm going to add a tiny bit of carbonata sugar to sweeten it. And again, this is like your own preference. So you don't have to add sugar. I'm adding probably about a tablespoon. And I'm going to add a couple drops of vanilla extract just to give it a little more flavor. That's all you need. You're going to put a little in your blender. And I'm using a Vitamix, which I recommend so highly. So we're just going to turn our blender on. Okay, so you want to blend that for about 30 seconds. And should be good to go. So with cashew milk, you don't need to strain it. If you're making something like almond milk, you can use a nut milk bag to strain any fibers out of the milk. But with cashew milk, it's going to be really, really smooth. And then I'm going to try it. It's so good. This is such a fast recipe. I highly encourage you guys to try it. You can use so much stuff after you've made it. You can store it in your fridge and use it for later. You can freeze it in a nice, keep tray and then re-blend it and make it into cashew vegan ice cream. You can also just use it in place of milk or dairy as you would normally. So thank you so much for watching and I'll see you guys next time.