 They're good. You should try them. Hi and welcome to Cheeki Richos Anzac Biscuits. This Australian family tradition goes back for many generations. It's easy to make, love by all and truly Australia. The ingredients are in the recipe box below. So let's get started. The first thing we're going to do is put our butter into a saucepan. Add our golden syrup and melt it on a gentle heat on the stove or in the microwave. It doesn't really matter. It doesn't have to be cooked. It just has to be mixed together. Now to a large mixing bowl we are going to add our flour, our sugar, our coconut and our rolled oats. Don't use a quick cooking oats. Use the big guys. Give it a good mix around and set that to one side. We're going to get our 50 grams of boiling water and mix it with our bicarb soda. Now we get our boiling water and dissolve our bicarb soda into it. Be a little milky looking but that's all right. Then we get our melted golden syrup and butter. It's been mixed together and then when we add our bicarb soda it will get all fizzy and frothed right up. You're saying that it all fizzy? Now we are going to add that to our dry ingredients and mix it well with a wooden spoon. Form these up into little balls and put them onto a baking sheet that has been lined with baking paper. It just mixes up well together. Very simple recipe, very quick. A bit of supervision, the kids can get involved in this and become part of your Australia Day celebrations as well. You don't have to be Australian to celebrate Australia Day. This is a great country and that's what you should have. Now we're just going to get portions of our mixture like so and just push them and flatten them onto our baking sheet. These will definitely spread during cooking so don't put them too close together. Better to use two baking sheets if you can then having to separate things that aren't nice and round at the end. Don't worry too much about them not being perfectly round. That's all part of it. You could use a non-stick baking tray if you like but because of the sugar content it provides you to grease it as well. Now we're going to pop these into a moderately slow oven but 160 degrees for about 20 minutes until they're golden brown. Now you could have these in little freeform shapes like so or roll them in a ball and just squash them flat and they will actually spread and become more uniform in shape when you serve them. Personal preference. I've made two cookie sheets of both types and you be the judge which presentation that she prefer. This is obviously a little bit slower to do it this way. You can't use a cookie press for these because the rolled oats would gum it all up. A very simple quick recipe to make. Keeps very well and perfect for your Australian day picnic or any picnic. Don't them in milk if you want to too and they're great for after school and school lunch boxes into the oven we go. Okay after 20 minutes our anzek biscuits are ready to come out of the oven. These are the ones that are freeform so they've basically gone roundish anyway. They cool them on a tray. They'll be a bit chewy at this stage. Wait till they get completely cold before you attempt to eat them and you've found ones. So for the extra work it doesn't really make much difference to the shape of them as you can see. Well that is cool completely. I'll be delicious with an ice cold glass of milk. And there you have it, cheeky richers and zek biscuits. I hope you enjoy this little cooking demonstration. If you'd like to see more interesting recipes and ideas please check out my cheeky richer channel and please subscribe, leave a comment or rate this video. Do come back and visit us again soon. We have so much more to show you and thank you very much for watching. Have a lovely day.