 Hi, I'm Amy Grotta with the Oregon State University Extension Service, and I'm going to show you how to make a map of your property, like this one here, using Google Maps. First of all, in order to create and save a map in Google Maps, you'll have to sign in using a Google account. You can use a Gmail address to sign in, or create a new account. Click in here in the upper right. Once you've signed in, click on the three bars to the left of the search field to bring up a menu of options. Click on your places, and then on Maps. Here's the map that I showed you at the beginning. I'm going to make one just like that, it's for this demo, by going down and creating a new map here at the bottom of the screen. To navigate to your property, you can either zoom in, or you can type in a specific address. The Mattsin Forest, which I'm going to use for this example, does not have a street address, but I can type in the road that's located on. Here, Southwest Hankins Road in Gaston, Oregon. Here we are. Now I'll scroll in further. Once I get to the property, if I zoom in far enough, Google Maps will show you the tax-lot boundaries in this faint gray lines. I'm going to use those to draw the property boundary. I'll select this line tool and add a line or shape. Now I can just click on the corners of the property to create my boundary. The Mattsin Forest is made up of several parcels, so I'll have to outline all of them. It's larger than what will fit on my screen. I'll use the arrow keys on my keyboard to move around as I go. Once I've got to the beginning, I can click on my starting point to create my shape. Now if I've made a mistake in any of these points or in the wrong place, before I save my shape, I can move them if I need to by clicking and dragging to where they need to be. Once I'm happy with it, I'll give it a name. There we go. Now Google Maps will show you the acreage of the shape you've created. Here, 180 acres. Now I'm going to change the base map and go to satellite view. And up will come an aerial photo of the property. I don't want my property to fill in here, so I'm going to change the transparency by clicking on the style button. I'll change the transparency so that the photo shows through. I think I'll change the color of the border. I'm going to make it yellow and I can make it thicker as well. OK, there we go. Now I'm going to add a few more shapes. Let's say I want to highlight specific areas on the property. In this example, I'm going to draw around areas that were recently reforisted. I'll add some new shapes. Here's one area. I think I'll make it a different color. I'll make it white. Another one right here. And then one more. To organize these features, I'm going to add a layer to my map. I'll call it planted 2016. And now I'm going to drag these polygons down into this layer by clicking and dragging them down one at a time. The advantage here is that I can toggle this layer on and off by checking the box. So your map can be customized to show just the information that you want at any given time. Now I can also add points to my map by using this marker button. I'm going to mark the gates to the property. These are main gate right here. I think I'll change it to a star. We have a couple of other gates as well. So I'll add those. Now I'll add a layer for the gates. Once again, I can toggle that layer on and off now. Another useful feature in Google Maps is that you can upload files that you might have created with GPS. In this case, I was out of the property recently and I saw an area that had some root disease. And I marked it with the GPS feature on my phone and then imported it into my computer. Now I can import that into Google Maps. I'll add a layer and I can import something from my computer. To hear all my GPS files and here is the root disease point. There it is right there. I haven't given my map a title yet. I'll do that now. I can continue to add more points and features to my map. But now I'll show you how to print it if you like. To the right of the title is a menu of options and I'll select print. And here is a PDF and you can save your computer. Now the property is kind of small on this map so I can try again but first I'll zoom in a little bit. That's better. Now this map is only viewable by you when you're logged in to your Gmail or your Google account. Or you can share it with somebody if you want by clicking the share button. An app will come a place where you can invite certain people by adding in their names or email addresses and the link will be sent to them so that they can also view your map. Well that's all I wanted to share with you today. I hope that was useful and helps you to create maps of your own property.