 Hi there, Lindsay here, the frugal crafter. Outside again, because it's so nice and when I get weather like this, it makes me want to do some outdoor projects. I have a special guest today. It is Chris from the Idaho Painter. He is a professional house painter and today he's going to show us how we can updo a rocking chair. And the shit blazes it, make it beautiful so that it will last for years and years longer. So make sure after you check out that tutorial here, you go check out his channel and see what other things he has to offer. He is a professional house painter and has lots of tips and tricks on how you can paint your house right. And if you're here from Chris's channel, the Idaho Painter, I would love to see if you took a look around. And if you like the videos and the tutorials you see here, I would love it if you subscribed. Now without further ado, let's refinish a rocking chair. For all you frugal crafters out there, I've got a really cool project for you. I've got a weather-beaten rocking chair right here. It's been out in the sun. It's got some peeling clear coat on it. And we're going to take this rocking chair. We're going to sand it down and we're going to glaze it with a glaze. And then we're going to clear coat it with a water-based clear coat. And it's going to look really cool. And it's going to last a lot more years outside. When you're all done watching this video, don't forget to subscribe to the frugal crafter. And also, if you want to see any more of my videos, the Idaho Painter, go check out my channel and subscribe to me also. So the steps we're going to go through and glazing and clear coating this chair, this will apply to any type of furniture you got. That's got a clear coat on it. So just watch these steps. Grab your furniture and let's go. So I gathered all my tools up for this project. You can get them all at your local paint store. The first thing you're going to need is a foam paint brush to apply your glaze with. You're going to need some rubber gloves to keep the glaze off your hands. Otherwise, you're going to be stained for a long time. You want a sanding sponge, medium grit to actually do your sanding with. You want a spray can of lacquer. You're going to want a spray can of helmsman sparerier thing. And I like water-based. And this is an exterior product. So you can use it in here and exterior. Make sure if your project is going to be outside that you use an exterior clear coat on your final finish. You're also going to need some rags. And then lastly, you're going to need a glaze. So you're going to pick yourself up with a wiping glaze and wiping glaze and a stain and a gel stain are all different things. To achieve the look that we're going to do here and complete this project, we're going to be using a wiping glaze from Sherwin Williams. So pick up yourself with wiping glaze. If you're trying to do this with a gel stain or a stain, you're not going to achieve the look. So you want to make sure you have a wiping glaze to complete this project. So here we go. We're going to start this project right now. So I'm going to start off by sanding my furniture. I've got a medium sanding sponge right here. And this thing's been outside for a couple of years. So it's got some peeling and flaking lacquer on it. I'm going to sand all that loose stuff off and then re-clear coat this chair. If you're piece of furniture and good shape and it's got a good clear coat on it, you can skip this step and go right to the glazing. But this has got some peeling and flaking lacquer on it. I got to sand that and re-clear coat it so I have a nice good even clear coat over the whole chair. There's any exposed wood. It's going to actually accept the glaze way too dark and it's going to look really blotchy. So I need to sand it and re-clear coat it so I get a good nice even glaze over the top of this piece of furniture. So here I go with the sanding. Can you now have been sanding on the saying for approximately 15 minutes now? It's pretty smooth, feels pretty good. Got all the loose and peeling lacquer off of it. Now I'm ready to spray lacquer this chair right now with just some cans of spray lacquer. So I'm just going to begin by dusting the saying off really good. Then I just got a can of clear spray lacquer. Just going to be using a satin finish and then I'm going to spray the saying over with a nice good coat of spray lacquer. So I'm going to just spray in this chair. You don't need a real heavy coat, just a nice thin even coat over this whole chair. In this spray lacquer what we're doing, this lacquer, anywhere where there was, we sanded it, got down to bare wood. This is actually going to seal that wood from accepting the glaze. Because wherever it's bare wood versus lacquer, that bare wood is going to get really, really dark and accept that glaze really dark. The place is that got a nice coat of lacquer. It's going to stay a lot lighter so it'll give that blotchy look. So definitely want to get a nice coat of lacquer of this whole thing so you get a nice even coat of glaze on it. Nice even color. Okay, once you're done lacquering this chair with your lacquer clear coat, you want to rub it down, make sure there's no rough spots on it. If there's any rough spots on it, just take your sanding sponge and lightly sand those rough spots just to make sure they're smooth before applying your glaze. I just went over this, there's just a few rough spots that I needed to sand and just lightly sanded those and we're going to get going with the glazing process here pretty soon. I'll just start wiping this stuff on here. When you're applying this glaze, all you're doing is just getting a nice coating over the whole thing. It doesn't, nothing fancy. It's really hot and sunny where you're working that area and you start to see the glaze start to dry, then you'll begin wiping it off. You can see I got enough on here that I can start wiping some off and now I'm just going to take my rag and just start wiping off as much as I want to achieve the desired look. I'm going to leave it into like some of the cracks and crevices and it's kind of just however you would like it to look. If you wipe too much off, you can just put some more back on and do it again. I like leaving quite a bit of on in certain areas and just giving it more depth and more of an antique look. I'm just going to keep working my way around here, just like this and really simple process to do. We apply it, just give it a little time to soak in, do its thing, work on it and these cracks around these areas here. I'm going to get it in there and I'm going to leave more in those areas. Using different rags here, if you use like a Terry cloth rag, it'll actually give you a little bit different look too so you can try different rags and different techniques and stuff to achieve a little bit different look with your with your glaze. When my rag starts to get really wet with the stain, it starts leaving more behind and I like the look when it leaves a lot more behind than when you got a fresh clean rag. It has a tendency to wipe off too much of the stain. It's a pretty fast process. Let's see about how fast I'm working because that stuff is drying. You don't want to be too slow, just going to just keep working right along and the areas that I want more, just adding a little bit more. That's where I had too much and I want it off. I'm just re-wetting it with my sponge and a wipe right off. My rag is just getting right about where I like it. It's got a few of the glaze on it that has not taken all the glaze off. It's leaving just the right amount on there that I want. It's just about got to where I want it. You want to get it exactly how you want it to look and that's going to be the finished product without its clear coat. I want it a little more highlights and some just adding a little more crack in the crevices and areas and just getting the right amount of depth that I want it to look. I got this chair all glazed exactly the way I want it now. I'm going to clean up my tools right here and let it set for about a half hour to an hour before I clear coat it. I'm going to clear coat it with a Helmsman clear water base urethane and a spray can, which is very simple to use. It's been about an hour now. The glaze is plenty dry to actually start clear coat net. Just got my spray can of water base clear urethane and it's a satin finish. I'm just going to start spraying this rocking chair and that'll be the final process. I'm going to spray these rockers right here. Let it dry for about 15 minutes and then I'm going to set it on the boards and I'm going to put it in the hole and set it on the boards and then we'll spray the rest of it. Just about got the thing all clear coated and that will be my final step. I'll let it dry. Well I'm just going to sit here and relax and watch my chair dry and when my chair is all dry I'm going to turn it over to the customer. I don't know about you but I am totally inspired to tackle some of those outdoor furniture projects. Make sure you go visit the Idaho Painter's YouTube channel and subscribe and check out his other videos and I would love it if you're new here if you checked out some of my videos as well. I want to thank you so much for watching. Please give me a thumbs up and subscribe. Until next time, happy crafting.