 We're here at Michael's Uptown Cafe in Loon's, Indiana and today I'm going to show you blackened fish making our garlic compound butter for our blackened fish. And to start we have just softened some butter and we're just going to add some parsley and garlic and salt and pepper and then we're going to form it into a roll. Salt to taste. You just want to incorporate the ingredients as much as possible. Okay now we want to have all the ingredients mixed together. We're going to form it into a roll. Take a little plastic wrap. We're just going to make kind of nice even roll. Just roll it out smooth. Kind of tighten the ends up. And then you're going to chill that in the freezer for about 30 minutes until it's nice and firm and then we'll serve that with our fish. Our blackened fish and blackened is a technique that was developed in the 80s by Chef Paul Verdone. So it's a relatively new technique and from there it just kind of spread out all over the United States and got really popular. But there are a couple really important ingredients to have to make proper blackened fish. The first would be you'd need a really sturdy cast iron pan and then you'll have it need some melted butter. And usually they use, traditionally they use red fish or just any kind of firm white fish where you use halive it today. And then you have a mixture of your caged spices for blackening which is low-paprika, oregano, thyme, onion powder, garlic, salt, cayenne. So it's really the key to blackening is having a really, really extremely hot pan and it's almost you know, turning white gets so hot. And it will create a nice marriage between the spices and the melted butter. You know, we'll create this inferno of smoke and some people might think it's burning but it's actually you know, caramelizing the spices and the butter together to create this crust. And it's absolutely fantastic. What's the difference between that and say searing something? Searing would just be on a kind of a lower heat and normally you would put a little oil in the pan as opposed to butter. And with blackening we're kind of creating this instant crust and all the smoke developed in the process really kind of infuses into the fish and be applied to steak, chicken, pork, vegetables. So it really kind of is a really versatile technique you can use. Nobody would have come up with it prior to that even on yesterday. Yeah well they may have but they probably thought it was burnt and threw it away. I'm sorry that you do this outside because it's going to create a lot of smoke in the process. You can see that it's burning quite a little smoke. So the first step in taxi, we've got the melted butter and our fish, we're going to dip it in the butter. We're going to add our spice. Here we go. We're just going to go a couple minutes and each side, depending on the thickness of the fish. You might have to finish in the oven. Add a little bit of more butter before we flip it. Now we just look away from you when you put another splatter on it. There we go. That's exactly what we're going to do right there. That's nice blocking. It's burnt and it springs back when it's done. And I think we're just about there. Take it off. Done and rested. We'll just simply serve it with our garlic compound butter and a little lemon. How is it? Mmm, I don't know how this is good. Wow. Alright well I'm going to be coming back for more. I'm going to be going to be going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be going to be going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be going to be going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be going to be going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be going to be going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be going to be going to be a little bit more.