 Okay, chilly, cumin, lime, roasted almonds. What you need? So we're tablespoon of sea salt, two to three heat teaspoons of chilli powder, two to three heat teaspoons of cumin, one to one and a half, two hundred gram packets of whole almonds, these are from the middle, the one by used to one pound thirteen and then I want to put about forty five to two hundred grams of it's out about just under eight pound of kilo, that's half packet for one, half a minute, did the day and one and a half or one or two lime is depending on how lime you want it. I'm making tray with some oil in it, I use a regular oil, I use a regular oil, this is half a sticking, a dish here, mix and up the chilli in the salt and a rubber glove, shall show you later on, let me do that. Okay, I've put the salt in with some boiling water in the kettle, I've got the paroxication on the minimum flame, I've dissolved the salt, I'm going to add the cumin and chilli and the lime juice. Okay, and goes the chilli in the cumin, let us stir, just warm the oven up as well, just do, I get this oil going and get it sizzling, so the almonds have a head start because all this water needs to evaporate once we're going, let that go for a bit and that needs to come to a bit of a bubble, maintain the heat and that's why I need the rubber glove. Okay, so I've rolled the limes, just to give it a bit of a start on in the go. What I normally do is everything goes inside there and give it a good massage, give it a good massage. I'm going to do the same, maybe you can squeeze as much as you can out of that, I'm going to do the same with the other three hours. Okay, so the cumin and the chilli and the lime and the salty water is just started to simmer a bit, I've got in the oven the tray with the oil heating up nice and nice, so now I've done the glove and then we go on 200 grams, one, I'm hoping was well that's hard, because I've got a lot of that in there, I'm going to get it in there and then I'll just put that in, that's good for sure. There you go, heat up and get your hands in, I've got to soak in, actually I've got a little more water than I wanted to but I've added two limes as well, so I have the lime juice. I don't let it soak in, that's a mistake I made and it took it a lot longer to roast, so this is where the glove comes off and I'm going to have to stop the sugar. All right, so the tray is out, well there we go, the reason why you use one and a half, I'm going to put in the package, 200 grams of sugar, would have been a look, that should spread out evenly and of course it has buckled in the oven, so it's a bit uneven, but let's settle down. You see how easy it is, I think I'm out to be used a little too much last time and this time a bit too liquid, but so once that's all even spread out, go as in the oven for seven minutes before you do the first turn. So 190 degrees for the first seven minutes, up to seven minutes, I did so it was a bit too extra, so it's always a bit too heavy time, so I've eaten a couple more minutes before I did the first shumul. All right, I'm going to film without dropping them, finding a Bernie spot on the hand, but they've actually been in ten minutes now, shut up and door, spatula, this is where you start mixing. Now what normally happens is, the crispy bits start from the outside, so I'm just going to give it a mix, get it going mix up, and attach it quickly so it doesn't kill down too much. Last one there. Oh, I'm making films, they're so stressful, when you know it doesn't go right ever. And if you can hear it, it's because the cat's been round. Right, well I'm not straight, there you go mate. Back in for another, well I'm going to get about five and a half now or seven, keeping eye on it through the window. Okay, so four minutes, final turn. I'm going to see most of the, look at it, fat crates and it leaves it's lovely, like chewiness from the spices and the lime and the salt. I'm sure they're going to all these burnt edges better than obviously I'm using one arm of the texture. It's all be, and obviously I'm the pressure with the pretty user in the camera crew around or being at me to get on with it, they've all opened it here and they all want some almond spots. Right, so that's sorted. Right, well I forgot those little bits of the spectrum as well. Now Mark, what can I fill is that? Chef, that is. Okay, right. And it goes. And the secret now is to wait for it to brown. The secret now is to wait for it to brown. I'm obviously overslurped. What happens is, you get the smell of the spices coming through it, you have a door, and a door, and a door, and a door, and a door. And that's when you can tell when the spices are burning or cooking. I've got the four minutes, it's sort of like I can't cry, smell, I want to smell it alone, but two or three minutes and I also still have it. And then I'll add some final. Anyway, you get the point, what you do is, you loosen them all up, get them shaped, you get them all, I'm going to do this in a set, I'm going to put them back in here, and you need two hands for this. Get them all those, you can get some of them, and then you can keep them in the oven, and then you can get them all in there. And then you can get them all in there, and you can get them all in there. So, they're all those. Back in the oven, for a minute, and then switch the oven off. Right, this is how you breathe when they come out of the oven. Okay, so switch the oven off. I know the spices are cooked because I'm inhaling the pain, so what I normally do is, make sure they're still hot, and a bit of that. And I second back in the oven, with a door open, a fraction, I want the temperature drop to around about 150, then shut it again, and I know the spices are up and down. Down to 100 degrees in the oven now, but it's just a nice operation, that would be really crunchy. Some because of my useless filmingness and... I'm a drink before I start fucking filming. That should be fine, I'll be after it, but half now. Right, close. Here we go. How do I see them later? Chili, cumin, lime almonds.