 On this episode of Just Add Sugar, I'm going to show you how to make a gorgeous strawberry tart that looks straight out of a magazine. First we're going to start by preheating our oven to 350 degrees and then I'm just going to butter a baking sheet before I put my puff pastry on it. This is going to make sure it doesn't stick. Next, lightly place your puff pastry on your baking sheet. And then I'm going to start arranging the strawberries across the puff pastry really neatly so that I can have that nice presentation. But you want to leave about a half inch on all of the edges so that you have a crust. Now what I love about this dish is that it allows the strawberries to really shine. And I have so many great memories of picking strawberries in my backyard. My dad would always throw strawberries in our garden and I could not wait to see how many would grow. And sometimes they'd be little baby ones and then sometimes we get these really big strawberries. And what I love about fresh strawberries is you can smell them a mile away. They're so fragrant, they're plump and juicy and they just taste different from the store bought stuff. So anytime you are making a recipe where the fruit is the highlight or the fruit is really what you want to showcase, you have to go the extra mile and get fresh fruits. It's just going to taste that much better. I really love this recipe because it's so easy to make but it doesn't look like it. It looks beautiful and it's rustic. There's only a couple ingredients, really fresh and it allows the strawberries to shine. Now strawberries aren't your thing or they're not in season. You can always consider other fruits like blueberries and peaches. And then to brighten up the color of the strawberries and the flavor, we're just going to sprinkle a little bit of sugar on top. They don't mean much because they're so fresh. So what the sugar is going to do is just caramelize the top of the strawberries and just bring out those beautiful juices. Then you're just going to bake your tart for 15 to 20 minutes or until the strawberries start to caramelize and the crust gets golden brown. When you bake this, your entire house is going to smell like fresh strawberries. While your tart is baking, let's whip up that fresh whipped cream. So I'm just going to add one cup of whipped cream, one teaspoon of granulated sugar and a half a teaspoon of vanilla extract. And I'm just going to whip this in a standard mixer until soft peaks form. Great. So now it looks like we have some soft peaks forming, so now we're ready to put it on top of our tart. When the tart is ready, dust it with powdered sugar. Oh my goodness, it looks so pretty. Then slice and serve with a dollop of whipped cream. This strawberry tart is so easy and delicious and it sure to become one of your favorite hosted secrets. I'm Randy thanks so much for watching. Remember to like this video and subscribe to Pop Sugar Girls Guide where I will be sharing with you my latest dessert secrets on just add sugar. Happy baking!