 Hi everyone, hey it's Diane, it's been a while since I made a video but today we're going to be transplanting some rosemary plants that I brought in last fall. I've had them in the house grown by a window and some have not made it and some have so I need to get them in a pot if I want to continue on growing these indoors until we get nice outside come spring. But I'm also going to be taking the cuttings off of these and drying them. I'm just going to air dry them like I've done before and you probably seen that on one of my other videos but that's what I'm going to do today and I will kind of take you through the process and tell you a little bit about the rosemary plants. Okay, alright let's get started. Okay in front of you is the rosemary plants and you can see they don't look so great do they? Yeah, they've been indoors, been neglected a few times and been by a window but there's some in here that look pretty good and I am going to trim them off today cut them back so I can dry them and use them for my cooking. So I'm just going to take and cut them back like so and do that with all of them. Some of these are no good but it's okay. We're going to go through them today and get rid of the ones that I don't feel are going to be worth keeping. And there's some just you know they don't look all that great and they're going to do a whole lot better once I get them trimmed up here. Do some trimming up here and Here's one that's really nice and long. I still got rosemary from last year and it's still okay and it's still doing fine in my cupboard dried and I put them in a jar so it's doing just fine. So here's what I got. I will take these off and just air dry them in my home. It should be work just fine. It's not very many but you know it doesn't take a lot of rosemary when you're cooking. Okay. Now I'm going to be looking at some of these and I'm going to be putting them in this beautiful pot right here. It's really pretty pot. And rosemary they like well drained lumi soil. They like actually be a little sandy soil. So I have some sand here that I'm going to mix with some of my peat and perlite. And I'm just going to mix a little bit up. I'm not even going to measure it because that's just how I do things. I don't get too excited about measuring things out and I usually get by just fine. So I'm just going to add some of this soil in here. This peat perlite is a little bit of bark. It's kind of a professional mixture that I usually use. And then I'm going to take some sand. I just got some plain old sand. I'm going to say like to be in a sandy soil. I thought well let's get them in a sandy soil indoors. I'm going to make the pot a little bit heavier but that's okay. Make sure your pot has a hole in the bottom for the good drainage. Let's see what we can see here. There you go. It's like it's nice and sandy. It's going to be a little good. Mix it up a little bit more. It might need a little more soil. The little dusty stuff is just a little dusty and dry. Now Rose marrying, they like to be 6 to 8 hours of sunlight. They've got to be in a sunny window indoors but I have. I've had mine in the North facing window and they're still fine. They're not perfect though. They don't look real nice but I mean they're getting by. You might need to supplement it if you don't have any south facing window. But I'm just going to go ahead and put this in the pot. I'm going to get dusty. Should get my sprayer shouldn't I? So now you're just going to pull some of these out. Do these inserts and look at them and inspect them a little bit. Rose marrying does not like to be real wet and I'm going to take the bottom and work the roots a little bit. They don't like to be real wet so that's something you need to kind of know. I'm going to put my better looking ones in here. Now here's a really big one. Show you in here in a second. Right here. It's not fantastic but I think it will continue to grow. I'm breaking the root ball up a little bit. I'm just going to put them in there like that. I love Rose marrying. I put it on my meat roast and stuff. Oh, it's fantastic. This one here. I don't have anything down in here. So I'm going to bury it just a little bit. Let's see if I find another nice couple of nice ones here. I'm going to put a few. I'm going to fill the pot. Some of these got a little dry too. So I hope they do make it. But I do grow it from seed every year and you probably seen some of my videos. I do love to grow this one from seed. I just take this. Move them around in there. Give them a little room. Some of these I don't know if I'll keep. So. But these guys can. They are subject to powdery meal. You just got to be careful with them. Make sure they got good air circulation. Wherever you have them. They can handle cooler temps. We're kind of cool in our home and they've been doing fine. So there you go. Sure they look a little spinly right now. I'm going to add some more soil in there. And I do soil. Down a little bit. Okay, let's screen anyway. Don't it. I'm going to clean them up a little bit here. Take a little few sprigs off. Yeah, scissors. I'm going to water it in. I have some. You don't need a lot of fertilizer for these guys, but I do have some tea. Alphalfa tea is actually what it is. Good for green plants. Let that soak in real good. Okay. So what do you think? I think that's going to survive. Let's see what else I can tell you. It's drought tolerant. Let the soil dry out between waterings. It does best when it's not overly moist. Like I said, they'll do a lot better. So you don't winter here in our area. So I got to bring you the end. I did want to save them. But I probably start some more this spring. And I didn't tell you today's date is January 19th. So time is flying already. All right. So what do you think? Is it going to make it? It's everyone there. I think it will. As long as they keep it eye on it and keep putting in a good nice window and water it between... ...if it feels dry to touch, water it if not, leave it alone. Okay. So I hope that's, you know, kind of helped you in some way today. Grow rose Mary. You know, I like to divide it and bring a man in the fall if I can. And I don't believe there's any pests on them. So that's always a plus. I've had them indoors for quite a while. So hope that's helped. Talk to you soon. Bye.