 Before we get started, let's go through the list of materials that you'll need to complete this project. First up is a 1 ¼ inch stainless steel coated cable. Next is a 3 inch swivel pulley. You'll need a couple of thimbles and fiddle stops. You'll also need some sort of loading pin. I happen to be using the rogue loading pin. And finally, you'll need some sort of crimping tool to securely attach everything. Alright, let's get started. Hey, what's up guys? Today I am doing another DIY project and today I'm actually installing a lat pulley machine or pulley apparatus. And so I don't say stole this idea, but basically I'm making a very similar product that you can buy online from Rogue. It's called the Spud Pulleys System. But they charge like a hundred dollars for it. So it's a little bit overpriced, in my opinion. But if you have the skills and a couple of tools that are necessary, you can actually create one on your own. Now I did buy the rogue loading pin because it's really hard to find something very specific like this. And it's like 25 dollars. It's a really good deal. It's made from the same heavy duty. I heard in metal that the rogue racks are constructed from. So I know it's going to be a durable product. The other things that I got at my local home center store, so you could probably find them in your, you know, low-sumpti-bobe. I find mine in my yards. But basically what you're going to need is some 3, I'm sorry, 1 1 1 1 1st inch braided cable. And I actually got the coated vinyl coated cable because that'll just slide a lot easier and easier in the pulley. But then it also prevents or at least minimizes the possibility of it fraying along the way. So being that it's coated, it should last that much longer. Now this is about a 6 1 1 2 1 2 piece that I cut from a 20 foot piece. So actually I can make a couple of these if I wanted to. So you need about a 6 1 1 1 1 2 piece of cable. Then what you're going to need is a couple of these, these fraying stops. So basically what you're going to do is, you know, feed one in, go through that in a second, you're feed one in of the cable in there, and then use one of these thimbles to kind of secure it so that you're not constantly pulling on the cable. This kind of gives a little bit more reinforcement when you get it all finally set up. And then lastly, the pulley itself. So this actually is a 3 inch pulley, which is bigger than the one that comes with the Spud system from Rogue. This one actually has a capacity of like 650 pounds. I think the one from Rogue or the Spud is about 450 pounds. I think it's a 2 inch. There are a couple different options you want to be careful of. So this one happens to be a multi swivel, which is kind of nice. When I went to the store originally, I got a fixed pulley and I realized that's not what I wanted. So make sure that you, if you can, get the swivel on that way, you're not locked into a specific orientation of the swivel itself. Okay, so to get this all configured, you're going to need one of these tools right here. And this is basically just a feral crimping tool. Now this one is specifically for roughly the size that a feral that I have. And so you don't have to make sure that you get one that's comparable. This one happens to be an 18 inch, 450 millimeters. It was like 20 bucks. And so I probably will never use it again. So that's kind of a sunk cost. You might want to see if a friend of yours has one. If you don't want to have to buy one or you can buy a returner, I guess that's an option to. All right, so to simple this, we're going to take one end of the cable. We're going to insert it into the feral. And then we're going to loop it around into the other pole that's in here. And you want it to come just so it's past or flush with that feral. And then you're going to pull it through like so. And you want to stop a little ways before you get all the way to the end because you've got to put this thimble in here. Then once you get that thimble in place, then continue to pull it tight until it's kind of secure in there. You might have to use some leverage here like this. And kind of really cinch it down in there. So you want to make sure that that thing's not going to come out at any point. So really give it a good pull. Okay. So that's not going to come out of there now. It should be pretty tight. Okay. Then what you want to do is just again double check to make sure your wires where it needs to be on there. And then you want to take your cropping device. And this is where it's a little bit tricky depending on if you got one or two people to help you with this. But you got to be real careful because if you get too much pressure on it right away, you're actually probably going to cut through it. So you want to just start at the end of it. Get this thing all the way open and get it started at the end of it. There should be like a little groove on this thing that it just fits right into. So you want to get towards the end of it and put it in that little groove. And then just begin to clamp down on it. Like so. So you can kind of see it made the little indentation right at the end of that. I'm going to turn it over and do the exact same thing on the other side. So that's pretty much secured at the bottom of it now. I can't see that. So I've got a couple of lines on the bottom on either side of this. And now I want to do the same thing on the other end of it. All right. So that is now pretty much secure in there from both sides of it. Probably hard to see here. So now I've got lines along the top, lines along the bottom on both sides. I'm going to go ahead and put one along the middle two because I really don't want this thing to come apart. So now I've got this thing in there. It is not coming out, which is obviously what we want. So now what we're going to do is we're just going to repeat the process on the other side. One thing to make sure that you do before you put the other one on because obviously this will not fit inside of this pulley. As you need to run this line through the pulley before you secure the other end. If you make that mistake, you're going to have to cut this line and start over. So don't make that mistake. All right. So I'm going to do the other side and give it a go. Okay. So I've got both of the thimbles and the barrel of stops on the wire now. And it's going through my pulley. And so what I want to do now is I have a couple of carabiners or carabiners. I'm not sure how you pronounce it. But either way, to connect this, to one end of this, and another one to connect it to my rack. So let's see how that's going to set up. All right. So here's everything in place. I've got my attachment connected. I've got my loading pin with a light amount of weight on here. I've got my pulley attached to my spotter arm across the top here. And what I really, really like about this is that I can take it all apart and not have it be the way. But this allows me to do some additional exercises in my work at. So one thing you'll notice is I'm using one of my spotter arms across the top. Normally you would attach this to some sort of cross member of your rack. I don't happen to have one. But if you do, that's where you would attach the shackle. And I'm using to connect everything to my rack. So in terms of kind of a real quick demo of how smooth it operates, it actually is really, really nice. I mean, normally I was using resistance bands to do an exercise like this. And the nice thing about resistance bands you can take it with you. But the difference in having a pulley like this is so much that you can just see it right there. You can tell it right away that the action and the equal amount of weight distribution is there with the pulley. So I'm really happy with how this all came together. And it was like $45 or $50 for everything. That includes the loading pin. So the pulley is probably going to be the most expensive. Actually, I think the pulley was more expensive than the actual cable. It was like $12 for this pulley. And then the wire was, the cable was only like $10. The loading pin, I could say, was about $25. And then all the little stuff here was just pretty much a couple of blocks here and there. So I'll actually include a list of all the details in terms of what you need to do. You can like this yourself in a blog post in the description below. All right. So there you have it. This is kind of a homemade version of these but pulley system that you can create with very little effort. A few special pieces of equipment, a couple of extra tools you might need if you don't have. But you know, $45 to, let's say $60, you can have this pulley system and actually have enough cable left over that creates second pulley to do a lower one as well. And actually might do that. But you know, I think this is a great addition to any kind of home gym that you might have or if you want to do some more cable type movements where you've been using resistance bands. This is a great alternative. And so I'm glad I did this. And like I said, for the cost, it was a no brainer for me because I had the weights already. So we've been in a couple of the small accessories that I was able to get at my local home center stores. And so there you have it. Let me know what you think of this DIY project and let me know if you've created yourself and shoot me some pictures or questions. Again, check the description below and I'll include a link to the blog post where I'm going to full write-out of how you can go about creating this exact same set of yourself. All right. See you guys.