 This is an 18-speed transmission. It's one of the most common manual transmissions out there. A lot of guys are worried about that number 18, the 18-speed they wonder. How in God's green earth they're ever going to learn to shift it with all those gears. And the number of gears stresses about getting them excited. Let me show you the easiest way to shift this 18-speed and it'll work for you unless you're pulling serious heavy weight. But if you're just learning with the 18-speed, it's very doubtful. They'll have you on big heavy loads. You'll probably be hauling dry-free when you're learning. So let me show you the easiest way to shift this transmission. It's basically an H-patter. Now this is hard over to the left and down. You usually don't even need to use that. And if you went straight up from that, that's reverse. But here it is with the pressure off the shifter. And it's just an H-patter. So it's 1, 2, 3, 4. Then you pull up the range knob, which is just a black knob on the front of the shifter. Flip it up and then start over again. 5, 6, 7, 8. Now you're one gear away at this point from the top hole. Then this gray button on the side, or it's going to be red on a 13-speed, is the splitter. Then I just shift that button up and then I'm in the very top gear. That's the only time I use that. But I don't bother to split gears with the kind of weight that I've fallen with the amount of torque this engine has. So you'll virtually never need to use the splitter unless you're pulling serious weight. Once you get comfortable with this transmission, well then of course you can play with it and split it down back and forth. And then as I'm coming out, if I was going to downshift, I put the splitter back in the position and then just leave it back and then just go through my downshifting, get to here, drop the plunger and start over again. So it's just really, it's just an H-patter. Now once you get used to the transmission and the truck and the trailer that you're pulling, certainly you can experiment with it and play with it. It's got all sorts of gears. Chances are you'll never even need to use half of them. But it's a really nice versatile transmission for those few times. When you do want to have them, like you're lifting it off them out after spinning out or something, you'd want them. The bottom low hole just to get it easy, because you don't want to spin the wheels, wipe your feet, you just want to come out of the hole really slow. So there's low gear for that. And there are all sorts of options. Play with it as you get more experience. But for right now, if you're learning, just remember, it's a simple H-patter. You pull up the plunger, you repeat the H-patter. And then when you're in the second top hole, split it forward into the top hole. And you're good to go. You're in the top gear. Pull the plunger up to the H-patter again. I'm in the second top hole. Split the button forward, split the splitter up. And now we're in the top hole. So I'll walk you through the coordination with the shifting, with the stick and the clutch pedal. Just so you get an idea of when I'm doing what with my foot here. And you can watch the stick at the same time. I'm going to get rolling here. I'm going to let it out of gear as soon as the traffic clears. So I'm using out the clutch. The clutch is all the way out. Pushing it halfway in, letting it up, pushing it halfway in. And again, so I'm going one up to up. In up, in up. In up, in up. You can get up, in up. I'm only pushing that pedal down halfway or less. So that's why it doesn't seem like it's a big motion. That's all it needs. Lutch, clutch. That's all there is to it. When you're clutching, if you push the clutch all the way to the floor, that's engaging the clutch break. You only need to do that when you're coming out of a stop situation. Because you're slowing the clutch down to the point that it'll let the transmission get back into gear. So that's the only time you depress it right to the floor. Other than that, when you're shifting, you only have to put the clutch all halfway down roughly every time you shift. And that'll engage the clutch without engaging the clutch break. And that's what you want. The clutch releases and it allows enough pressure to come off that you can shift the transmission from gear to gear. Yet it doesn't engage the clutch break. The clutch is a little bit more powerful than the clutch. It's a little bit more powerful than the clutch break. It's a little bit more powerful than the clutch break. It's a little bit more powerful than the clutch break. It's a little bit more powerful than the clutch break. It's a little bit more powerful than the clutch break. It's a little bit more powerful than the clutch break. It's a little bit more powerful than the clutch break. It's a little bit more powerful than the clutch break. It's a little bit more powerful than the clutch break. It's a little bit more powerful than the clutch break. It's a little bit more powerful than the clutch break. It's a little bit more powerful than the clutch break. So I'm going to start down shifting now. And I don't have a serious weight on at all. So I'm not going to go through every year to shift it down. So I put it back into correct now. I've used this little splitter back in the correct now. So I put it back into correct now. I've used this little splitter back in the correct now. Now it's just a matter of walking through a few of the gears on the way down. Remember it's it's the age pattern again. And there we are. Good shifting is just like learning to ride a bike. The more practice you get at it, the better you'll get at it. Don't get rattle, just relax, take it easy, feel the gears through the shifter, use the clutch to make it easier on yourself and the transmission, and you'll get the hang of it. Don't care, we'll see you on the back.