 Hi, this is Reina from the cheese thief dot comment today. I'm going to show you how to make the spray slip that was designed by Sarah CWJ on Instagram. I'll link her Instagram below, so be sure to check her out. She has a very cool Instagram with a very unique look and feel. So let's get started. Oh, we didn't name the spray. She told me I can name it and I thought of the name Royal Hearts, but I have to see if she liked that name. So we'll see once this tutorial gets published, the actual name of this bracelet becomes. Okay, so for this tutorial, all you need is going to be two pegs of a rainbow blue monster tail finger loom or just these two pencils that I have here. And then I'm going to make in the same color scheme. So you're going to need purple, pink, and blue. So I'm going to take my pink and put it up on top like this in a figure eight. And then I'm going to take my purple and put it up on top. And I'm going to pull one side of my pink up and over and then pull that purple back onto the same peg as the side you pulled up like so. You do the same thing on the opposite side. So you're going to take your purple, put it up on top, pull your light pink up and over and then pull that purple back onto the same side. And that's what you should have. And now you're going to take your blue band and you're going to put it up on top and you're going to actually going to create a figure eight also. And this is a little unconventional, but you're going to take an S clip and you're going to just clip the top two bands. So the purple, sorry, the blue and the pink band. And you can use a C clip. I just think it's a little easier with an S clip because it's easier to grasp. And it may take a little time. So I may fast forward through this part because. So that's what you should have. So I just put a slip on the top two like that. And then now I'm going to take the purple, this purple band and pull it up and over on both sides like so. Now I'm going to take a pink band and pull it up on top and then a blue band. And put it up on top like so. And now I'm going to pull this blue band up and over like that. And this pink band, a purple band up and over like that. So that's what you should have. Now I'm going to take this top blue band and just pull it onto one side. So onto the right side of the peg. And I'm going to take a purple band and put it up on top. Then I'm going to take my pink band and pull it up and over. And then put the purple band on the same side where you pulled up the pink band. So on that left side, I'm going to take the blue band and put it back onto its peg and then the other blue band onto the same peg. So I'm just moving that blue band onto one side. I'm going to take my purple band, put it up on top and then do the same thing where I pull the pink band up and put the purple band back on like so. And we'll just put that blue band back on top. So this is what you should have. Now I'm going to take this purple band and pull it up and over on both sides like so. Now I'm going to take a pink band, put it up on top and then a blue band and put it up on top. I'm going to take my blue band, put it up and over on both sides and my purple band and put it up and over on both sides. And that's what you should have. So we're going to do the same thing again where we take our blue band, put it onto one side and then we're going to take a purple band, put it up on top, take this pink band, put it up and over and then pull the purple back onto that same peg and do the same thing on the opposite side. So I take this blue band, pull it up back. So, then take my purple band, put it up on top, take my pink band, pull it up and over and pull this purple back onto the same peg. And take my blue band, put it back up on top. So that's what you should have and then we're going to take the top purple band, pull it up and over on both sides. Now I'm going to take my pink band, put it up on top and a blue band. And put it up on top. Now I'm going to take my blue band, this second blue band, put it up and over on both sides and my purple band, put it up and over on both sides. So you're just going to keep going and doing the same thing. So let me just do this one more time so it becomes super duper clear. Pull your blue band over, take your purple band, put it up on top, take your pink band and pull it up and your purple band and pull it to the left. Move your blue band onto the other peg. Take your purple band, pull it up and over, take your pink band, pull it up and put your purple band back onto this peg. And then put your blue band back on. Now you're going to take this blue band, put this purple band and pull it up on both sides. And then you would just keep going where you put your pink band and your blue band. But if you wanted to end this bracelet, you would just take a blue band. So let's say this is done, I know it's short, but let's say this is the end of the bracelet. Normally we would put a pink band and a blue band and then do the same thing. But I'm just going to take a blue band and the bracelet, put the blue band on top, pull over this blue band and this purple band. And then if this bracelet was long enough, you would take this end of your S-clip and then clip it onto this end. But since this is short, I'm just going to take a new S-clip and then clip it on. And then there you have your bracelet. So you can go through and just move these bottom heart rubber bands up on the top. Like that. I usually just stretch it. So I hope you enjoyed this tutorial. Please visit me at the cheeseleaf.com for more tutorials like this. Also be sure to check out Sarah C.J.W. Instagram. I'll link her below. If you happen to me, this bracelet. Please be sure to tag us on Instagram. We'd love to see your designs. Thank you, have a great day and remember to be kind to one another. Until next time, bye.