 Hey, today is National Caesar Day, which celebrates the crowd, please in cocktail. And joining us to mark the occasion is a Blues brother, a Ghost Buster, and yes, a vodka connoisseur. Here he is, a Dan Acquroyd in a Dan. Isn't every day a Caesar Day really? You know, I think every Sunday in Canada, certainly at 11 o'clock for brunch, you know, you'd break out the Caesar and have a lavish brunch. I know that that's what the pattern is at the summer, at my place. Yeah. In fact, the Caesar really is a national cocktail in Canada by parliamentary decree. There's a real, it's true, there's a cultural connection here that Canadians have to Caesar. And I don't know what it's from, maybe from the original time in Alberta when the bartender made it there, and people were surprised by the celery, the spice. Now you've brought your own version of a Caesar here with you today. Tell us about this. I did. And see, well, look, aren't we glad Wenders over in this country? Yes, finally. You finally. And so this is a fiery drink that I concocted to get up and get into the patio for the summer. And it is, basically, you take a lime and you rim the glass and then you take the moths, plumato, salts, they make it great. Besides their wonderful mix, which is this Caesar mix of all time for Caesars, you mix and with the vodka, you first of all, you take the lime, you rim it, and then you take the salt and you put it around the rim, and then you crush garlic in here. I've got crushed garlic down in here. Oh, that's what's okay for you. Yeah, and then you have a little shiracha sauce, and then some the vodka, two and a half ounces roughly, and then the plumato. You get the sushi on this day. And let's add a piece of sushi. Well, that's the top. I thought this is a fiery, spicy, noon type of Caesar, you know, a celery stick just ain't going to do it alone. So we had a contest and 12,500 people made submissions and a woman named Lindsay O'Hare from Atoba Coke came up with this delicious sushi roll right here. In honor of you, because it's kind of like a cone head, right? Yeah, that's the end. It is, and the idea is that you sort of get like, you dip it here and I'll do it to demonstrate. So you... Oh, wow. You know, I can't, I can't like you also do it without me. Also, cheers. Cheers. Oh, cheers. Where's your chance? Can we share that? Well, you know what, somebody's got to keep the show rolling. Thank you, sir. Absolutely. Canadians drank 407 million Caesars last year. Wow. I'm on fire. Oh, yeah. I hate that crystal head vodka and there are two... I'm on a spread being from Newfoundland. And by the way, Newfoundland, no auditives, bar chefs love this. They love to add... Oh, they're auditives. They're two crystal head because there's no auditives. It's a blank canvas. You know what? We're having breakfast. It's unbelievable how much you've accomplished in your life, in your career. And this year, 40 years anniversary for Blues Brothers. That's wild. He can't talk right now. He's embroiled in the studio. He's celebrating his season. Yes, exactly. Blues Brothers, go. 40 years ago, we did it first on TV and here, today, I'm still doing it, but John's brother, Jimmy, it's the music. Yeah. The music is so durable. It's the greatest music to stack full Chicago Fusion band that we had was one of the greatest R&B reviews in the world when we were up. And I think that that, the enduring quality of the performances that Aretha gave and James Brown, and I would say, just the kind of the whole feeling of the movie, fun and anarchic and anarchic, well, I think the music is what, you know, that's what's the strongest element there. Well, I think a lot of people really want to recapture the magic of a lot of the classics right now. I mean, we saw Ghostbusters being remade and then the stock... And it was a good remake. Yeah. I was called because, well, it cost too much. I'm a producer on the show. I'm a producer on the show. I said I'm budgeting the money. Stand on the budget. But he made a good movie. And the girls were grading it. You know, and, you know, I wish, in some way, we could have an opportunity to do another. Come on with the ladies, because they were so good and they enjoyed doing it. I just got mad because, you know, as a producer, as I say, I'd keep the budget down. All right, so we can reset a budget. If he would come in with a new story and a budget maybe, you know, and a number, maybe there's some way we could do it again. You can make it happen, yeah. Let's go back to SNL if we can quickly, because I was thinking before he came on this morning that, you know, you, of course, famously, did Jimmy Carter back in the day and... Yes, I know, yeah. Mr. Carter. Uh-huh. I talked... I talked a girl down, a guy down a fast as Jimmy Carter. Oh, really? He'd called any of his stones. And I calmed down, take some vitamin C, put on a little Beethoven. Yeah. But, you know, the show is really, in the last couple of seasons, really sort of, I didn't know, found its mojo a bit, the Trump, of course, and Alec Baldwin now doing a... Wow. You see, they are now, sort of, the counterweight to what's going on and politically and culturally in North America. But Saturday Night Live doesn't come down on the left or the right. They strike a balance, and everyone is open for satire. You know, so they don't hail the crusaders, and they don't vilify the villains too badly, except with Alec's impression of... Yeah, it was like, when you were doing Carter's, a little surreal to be doing that weekend and week out, having to spoof, lamppoon the president of the United States. Well, you know, we weren't too hard on Carter. I did enjoy doing Nixon. That was really fun. And, you know, he was wide open for stuff, you know, I mean, but I could come on on the profanity. I could lace, I could lace you right now with them, with, you know, just the usual things that he's starting with, I'm in C, and I won't do that. But I love doing Nixon because he was so open for it. And also someone like Trump, in a sense, that you know that he's probably going to watch. It's always fun to poke the bear sometimes with comedy. Yeah, but he doesn't take the poking too well, though. No. He thinks that Gerald Hammond should go back and start to do that, to the impression of him. But Alec, you know, and the writing is just so, so good and SNL now, and they really have something to say, but what's going on in the world? And it's just really hit its stride. And that's because Lauren is the arbiter of the taste there. And he's one of the greatest producers and entrepreneurs in the business. And he's got a great mind for writing and a great mind for comedy. And he's a star maker. And I, I, he'll be there at 90 years old, I'm sure. Thanks for watching Global News. If you enjoyed what you just saw, please like the video. Also hit the subscribe button on the screen to make sure you get all the latest international news and best trending video.