 I'm Daniel Smith with extraordinarymommy.com and this is what's your name again? Cooper everything. Cooper Rebord Smith I have enlisted in this smallest dude in my house to help me with a little bit of an experiment for Whisk. You may have seen we did a couple of other videos for them one. I did with you and you put ketchup all over your shirt right? That was kind of crazy and also we worked to get lipstick out of clothing and now we're working on protein stains so I've got Cooper here dressed in his appropriate garb and we are going to see what happens. This is a grass stained piece of fabric so we are going to put some whisk on here. Do you remember how I told you how to do this? Get it in there. Okay put it in. Squeeze it. Here you go. Squeeze it. There you go. Let it go. Does it fill up? Alright, yep we're getting some in there. Okay now what we need to do is put it on the fabric. Should we do your initials? Okay we'll do a C and we'll do an S. That's for Cooper Smith right? Okay we're gonna let that sit for a second and then what do we have in here? Water. Water. Feel that water for me. What does it feel like? It's more more water. Okay so we take this piece of grass stained fabric with our what's on here? C and an S. So that is our C and S that is for Cooper Smith. We're going to put this in our warm water. We're going to see what happens right? We're going to rinse it around. Can you see some look at the water turning green? Is that any of the grass is coming off? Yeah that does. That it does. Look at sitting there. Rinting, rinting. Mommy's got soap and whisk on her hands. What do my hands smell like? Whisk. Whisk. Yep they smell like whisk. Okay and then look at this. What does that say? C and an S. Just with the whisk all we did is pipe it on there. Rinse it off in the warm water and that grass stain starts to disappear. What do you think about that Cooper? Keep your tongue in your mouth. What do you think about that? Is that pretty cool? All right that's whisk. Depline stain spectrum and there you have it.