 Hey everybody, it's Rocky. So I've been getting some requests to do more drinks that are non-alcoholic so I've been trying to think of which ones to make for you guys. And originally I was thinking about making an Italian soda which was a drink that I used to order all the time in borders in Chicago, they used to sell at years back and it was so good. It was basically salt or water, cream and strawberry syrup and I used to love that and every time I'd go to borders I'd look so forward to getting that because that was the only place in this city that I sold that kind of thing for some reason. But then I thought of the New York egg cream which I haven't ever had but I've always heard about and the New York egg cream is basically the same thing except they used chocolate syrup and it was a drink that they would sell in New York City at the soda fountain. So I was like you know what, I think that'd be interesting to try and make so that's what I did. So the first thing I did was I used some 40 calorie almond milk and that's just what I chose to use. You could use rice milk if you'd like, I'm sure soy milk would be just as great or you can use regular milk but I used the 40 calorie almond milk in mine so I poured some of that in the glass. And then I added some salt or water. Now at my store my grocery store I couldn't find salt or water like down the regular soda aisle so I actually went to the alcohol section of my grocery store and I found it there. So go figure but the next thing I put in was some salt or water. And then the last thing I added was some sugar free chocolate syrup. And then lastly what you're going to want to do is just take a spoon and stir it up. Now this is a drink that's going to separate the almond milk is going to separate away from the salt or water so it's something that you definitely want to drink right away. So just go ahead and toss your straw in and sip away and what you come away with is just this creamy, fizzy, deliciousness. I mean I made it for Rich when he came home too and he thought it tasted like one of those chocolate ewhos I thought it tasted more like a coke float. Back in the day I used to love having coke floats and the best part about it was when the ice cream would all melt and then you just be you know left with just the drink and that was exactly what it tasted like. So if you like something like that then you're going to definitely like this. So give it a shot, let me know what you think. If you want you can definitely play around with the different types of syrup you put in. If you want to put in some strawberry syrup. If you want to use like those, um, with the chorani syrup you can just play around with different flavors and have fun with it. So there you go it was a super easy and fast drink recipe. Let me know if anybody has any questions. Just go ahead and post them below the pictures and the full recipe will be on my website which I'll post a link to below. Until next time, enjoy. Bye.