 What's up everybody, Big Herk, back for the other edition of Prison of Spread, and I got Chef Big V back from the whole y'all. He's been on V, where you been? He's on Diesel Therapy, man, that's awesome. They had me on some shit man went to Ohio, Indiana, all kinds of places, man. So what are Diesel Therapy? What are the Diesel Therapies? When they send you somewhere, both of Egypt, where you're supposed to go, you come back to where you're supposed to be, but they send you like five, six days. All right, the East Coast. The East Coast is sent to you around the bus the whole time, the shackled up. Shackled up, you know, wrist wrist to your feet, your ankle, then giving peanut butter, sandwiches, or sandwiches with like an old school, old school, below on the screen, but I don't really need to fool them because then they got the bullshit out, toilet, everybody can see you taking the shit. So they want the seal, what are they eating? They stop and McDonald's, they need all, they stop and McDonald's, Burger King, wherever you eat all that shit in front of you. There's some cool seals out there, don't do that shit, but look at man, but you know, there's a human, but then there's the ones that stop on purpose to take pisses to buy food and all that, they know what they are. I know, I'm not an experienced man. But so what we got today, what are you working with? Well, what we're going to do today, they ran out of roast beef and the commentary, so, you know, we had a, we're going to make chimichang with both chicken. As you can see, we already cut up everything and our original shredder that we used to use is gone now, they confiscated it, so they searched the cell, they found it, so. For those of you who haven't seen that, that's in the previous episode we had a shredder that we got, you know, hooked up from Unicorn. Catch up, man, catch up. Watch those ones and catch up and continue with it because for us to do all that stuff, it's going to take a long time. So we got the razor they think confiscate that, we still get to cut our vegetables and stuff with that, so. What we're going to do here, once again, we kind of set up everything so we won't waste so much time. We're going to go from here, we already had some rice in there, hot water, already cooked these tortillas, hot water is well put them in a bag here, you see what they're tidying knots because some places they don't have microwaves, so we use hot water, some using hot water. And with some, I remember a couple spots, if you had actually lined up for the hot water, but if you did it, you'd be all you'd done. Yeah, sometimes you got to line up, they have our moves. Sometimes you got someone in there and you got to make plans from the morning because you got to go work and library, unicorn, wherever you work, it's most like you got someone who's working in the pod as a trustee or what, you know, general, what was that called? They just came around the inside the unit, so you get them to get your hot water or ice whatever, but hot water, yeah, that's it, right out there, and you get to wait and it gets soggy sometimes because there's some big more focus in there than you want to eat, they don't want to wait, so that's a, you know, yeah, big part of the game. Go to prison, you got to do some hot water. Yeah, they'll be out of people. But here we go, we're going to take this right here, the butter here, put it in the paper, so we're going to butter up the bag, so they won't stick. So we just butter up real quick. Don't know what kind of butter, like sometimes you get in a place and say, you know what butter, and margarine, I don't know the difference, actually someone just taught me that actually schooled me on the different thing, margarine and butter, but... You can see it in prison, you can see it in prison. Wherever you get your hands on it, but guy comes in with the butter, you can buy it. Yeah, from another spot, but normally, or you can just get it from the kitchen, so we go put that there once again, they're warmed up. I want to take some of that meat here. Bam, you don't want to put too much in there? Just enough to coat it on. Yeah, got the bell peppers, we're sneaking in from the kitchen too, and nuts, I can cheat, you can buy it, we can buy that from the store, and then the chicken, you get it from the kitchen as well. Usually, after my skill chicken for you, bring it. We, this cheese, some spots sell it, it's cheese, and it comes with spices, like, cheese rice, and they got like dried chorizo beans and dried rice with cheese. This is the one, I think they only sold this in the West Coast because in the East Coast, they didn't have that, so we had all kinds of other stuff in order to make that... Make it spicy? Yeah, make it back in the East Coast, but they had it in the West Coast, I don't know why they didn't have it in all of them, but... Did they really like the roll in it? No, they just rolled it up like that, put it, but I'm going to make four of these real quick. Cross the mumble, put the rice first at the time. Lay it down. Is it make a different board of water you put the food in there? No, I mean, it's all going to... It's all going to... Mix up the same one. Mix up and we're going to eat it, man. People in there don't give a fuck, they just eat the burrito to make this for people and they just hungry. They want to come back from the yard, the work out or something. Oh, okay, okay, okay. They want to come back. And what are the meals like this rend you? Like, except you want four of these made, how many honey stamps is this? Well, and some spots are stamped, some spots are food, and some spots are just buy you something off commentary. It's open or sent to your family up there. I mean, sent to your family wherever you... They're at, you know, you just give them information, they send it, the way they're doing it, but... This right here, maybe... It'll cost maybe about six, my about six bucks. It's like a sandwich. The band you want to hook up a homeboy with you, six bucks, but then, you know, you want to drive someone else, you ain't never dealt with it, or whatever, you know, 10 bucks. People will pay what they pay, man. People got money in prison. And federal prison, that is, I mean, there's a lot of people in there who were money, so we've all just got to put some water on there because I want to stick to the top ones. Yeah, they got money in there, so... They'll pay for the food because they're too lazy to make it, or they just ain't got time to make it, or they want to go to the yard and chill and come back, and the food's done. So, it's a hustle. It's a hustle. Some people make a living when they say, cook them food for people. Yeah, like I said, once again, I used to make a little bit of money, and it paid for everything I had. I never had to spend my own money. So, I mean, I worked at Legal Library, I cooked, so... I saved a lot. This would make an extra depending on how I went around holidays and all that. Oh, yeah. But tamales and all that, which is probably another episode coming up. I think one of the guys mentioned tamales, I'm not sure... I don't remember the name, I apologize, but I didn't see that. But we'll make it tamales in the future. It's always no joke either. A lot of time, it's a lot of time. I should be a holiday, maybe, all right? It's a holiday meal, and it's just... It's time consuming, but it's worth it because everybody wants that. Takes about, you know, all day, right? There's more. And the hard part is that we've got to put a lot of stuff on. We've got to put it on ice. You got to keep it fresh to food and take some time to depend on once again, how much you're making. And shit, shit takes about a whole day, two days, because you got to remember, we had a lot of shit from the seals. So, honestly, you're trying to... Because you got to save the chicken from chicken day, and keep it on ice. And slidging from cell to cell. And say, hey, keep this, they search the cell. If you take it from granted, you got a refrigerator, I'm going to use to keep it food in there. You can't just keep food in your cell like they're taking. Especially when you know you like to eat, and it's to them, it's just like, you know, whatever. Yeah, for those people that say, there's a saying that I hate the saying when people say, the struggle was real or something like that. No. If you are here, it ain't the struggle of a real man. You don't know. So, you look at the REC, you see? Those are some big ones. I guess so. What we do is, we do things up. And here's the, what I'm going to do. I'm going to drizzle some of this over it. Or that's a cheese. Yes, cheese. And, uh, nacho cheese, do we get on the... on the commentary, sometimes they sell powder cheese. Sometimes they sell in the bucket, but you gotta put hot water in it. So, we're doing this stuff on it. You always save your containers, like, we always save them. Yeah, so, this cheese, I mean, this is right here, it's, uh, we got, this one is, the one that came in container, it's not the powder cheese. Just put a little bit. You crunch some Doritos. And once again, Doritos, they sell them in some spots. So, once they've dumped and spot they do, just to give it that extra... So, this is the kick right here, the Doritos in the kick, huh? Yeah, you crunch some Doritos up. But, you know, I forgot to put it on top of the other ones too. Even mind you have that butter, so it's going to stick. Like, it'll mess here, but, you know, all right? Normally, the cook, when they cook, you got someone that cleans, and you just trade, remember? Exactly. You got the green part. You got the green part. You got the green part. You're going to eat and you ain't cooking. You do the cleaning. This right here is the kick. I mean, it's not as crunchy. I used to put it like after, but I don't know. It just, it wasn't the same. So, we've been having the water once again. If you watch the other episodes, you've been seeing that we've been cooking a lot of stuff in water. So, I'm going to start the air out of this. I'm going to clean my hands here. And I had a straw, and the other episode, but, sometimes, you won't find a straw, and the garbage from the seals, or something, stuff they bring in. So, what you do is you take a stamp, watch carefully. It's not going to happen. Something that's simpler than a straw. Like, you get this, now, I'll probably see. I try to get it off while I'm over the paper. I think we'll use paper, some people will use, I mean, it's all kind of thing to eat, create a straw. This is suck the air out of here. Grip the stamp. Yep. We'll put it on top, we'll put it on bottom. One, two, a month of cost of 42 cents right there. That's the stamp. But, it's from the file household. It's file household, so, doesn't matter. You guys see that? That's key right here. Now, why is this so important to get all of your out of there? Because it just cooks better and then sometimes it'll float to the top when you have air. Okay. It'll float to the top, so you just want it to, it's going to get, you can't get all the air out of it. It's impossible, but you want to make it to where it goes on bottom because, depending where you are once again, you can have a lot of people cooking while you're cooking. And your stuff is on bottom and they just rotate it. Rotate. You know, this will sit there for like 35 minutes or so. It depends on how it is and then the part, the pizza, the burritos, other stuff on top of this. They just switch it. They just switch it. As the golden, new stuff comes in, your stuff goes on bottom, it goes on top, and then they take it out. Your stuff starts on top and just keeps them warm on the bottom. Pull it out, so that's why you got to do it. Normally, I wrap it twice just in case, because, you know, it's been time making all this food. You don't want it to. Oh, you don't want it so here. And how long should you soak something like that in the water and you can order it fully cooked? This is about, because it's four of them, maybe about 35 minutes or so. And then they'll be ready. It's up there, this one is two. So we're going to drop in some water. Once again, the one behind us, we've been using it. Those prepared. And then we'll see you guys in about 35, well, we'll see you there. But we're going to drop this for about 35 minutes, and you'll see the end result. We have the food done now. We don't pull it out of the hot water. And we're about to cut it up so you can see what we're working with. All right. And, you know, for a lot of you guys, you probably wonder, like, yeah, what is this black guy, as much as I'm doing on a camera, and he's together cooking on this show? Well, you know, it happens like that in the painting, you know, not everybody of enemies as far as black and Mexican. Yeah, I've seen that. I want to comment some not sure who it was, or not what ignorant person even said, something like that. But a lot of times I could kick a little history. I could turn this whole thing in an educational thing to get one to because, uh, Lisa, I mean, back in the 1600s, there was more black than Mexico than there was whites because of the same slavery. So for those pro-Mexican people, they don't think that we should be associated with them. Guess what? There's small, small chance that there's a certain percentage of black in because of that. We helped. We were the first nation to abolish slavery. Second president. We sent a little, look at your history, man. We were, Mexica before we were in Mexico. Mexica was a, was a people. Okay. So stop abolishing. I'm the throng. I'm black. He brown. He brown. I'm black. I'm black. It doesn't matter, man. Don't, don't put, hey, even don't put a color on us, man. That's right. It ain't at all. But, I mean, you keep on comedy and stuff like that. That's fine. That's because of you guys. Just subscribe to the channel. Tell your friends, check out the Instagram. Fresh out of CIRCLE. And you know, we're going to have haters and trolls all that, you know? Shit. There's hell of a go. We, uh, pulled the salt of the water. Already? So you can see it's color. I don't know if they can zoom in on that or what, but that sort of looks like normally. I'm going to do some for you guys. Uh, Dave, we, lots of weed as, uh, weed off the lids in prison, but let's use your cut up. Yeah. But what we do sometimes is this, we keep once again cardboard. Very important. You want to make last, you wrap it. You wrap it so we're going to put it in here. This is actual commodity. Carbord is a plate. You know, and it could be recycled as long as you keep the cardboard in good condition. And I'll normally, the, the shafts, the cooks, whatever they're the one that can try to this. You don't want to leave anybody else. I mean, you don't have to look off pretty, but what we do is just we make sure we create these plates for them. So maybe some of these guys don't have balls. They don't want to give up their lids because then we, we, if you get caught in the cell with a lot of stuff, a lot of lids, there is no, you're doing some. You're cooking. Okay, that's fine, but you're cooking the food with the steamer app. So they start doing all kinds of stuff. So what you do is you do a little plate like that. That's fine. You can put the breads on there. You know, they could do it. That's how we'd like taking the air out of things for that simple fact, right there, what you're seeing. See that? That's how we like taking the air out of everything. They eat off of there so they got a plate. Like I said, some of them eat off these lids. We'll put them on the lid because I don't look that air at this mess and it up. Let's just take a little bite here. I know you know how much water for this. I always gotta taste the food here. I'll let it taste first. Try it at home, man. I gotta take a bite of this. See if you're working with it. What's some hungry? That the reed old kicks in that. Oh, man. Who did that? Survival. Oh, man, it's been good. You