 Hi YouTube! This video is about how to keep your white super white. My husband wears white shirts to work. They get dirty at the bottom. As you can see it's super clean, super white, clean shirt. We also use cloth napkins for the dinner table. So here's one of them. Uses every day. We only have five of them. So they get used a lot and they've been used a lot. So sometimes they get little stains on them and I don't worry about trying to get them out. And then the next wash load they mysteriously disappear. So it's pretty nice. So I'm going to tell you how I get the clothes and any kind of white material super clean. So anytime I have a stain I always just spray it with my stain remover spray. I almost always don't rub the stain. So I just spray it on there and then it sometimes just dissolves on its own and looks white again. Sometimes if I feel like it's probably a little bit heavier set stain or if it's been sitting there for a little while then I'll go ahead and rub the stain a little bit. I almost always never rub it completely out just because I don't have to put in that extra effort. So all I do is I have two different methods of washing. One is hand washing and the other one is using the washing machine. So if I do with a washing machine I put a cup of hydrogen peroxide and a cup of baking soda and this acts as almost like an oxyclean wood. It puts the oxygen all throughout the water and lifts out any of the stains and any of the clothing. So that's been working for us. It's been really great. I also hand wash some of my clothes. For example my husband doesn't have a neph shirt so last time throughout the whole week and so I will hand wash his shirts oftentimes just in the bathroom sink and I use a little bit of hydrogen peroxide and a little bit of baking soda and obviously the stain remover spray and things get super clean and it's super quick super easy. I just rub the stain sometimes with the material. I just rub it together and then other times I use a brush depending on how bad the stain is. So after my whites go through the process I don't put my clothes in a dryer but I do know people that use this process they put their clothes in a dryer and their stuff comes out really clean. I sun dry all of my whites just because I know that the sun takes away any kind of a bacteria it lifts the stains away as well. So I try to wind dry any whites in the sun and it just takes away all of the stains. So I hope this has helped out a lot. I do know quite a few people that put hydrogen peroxide directly on the stain instead of using a stain remover and that works really well for them. And then one more thing if you do do this method and use hydrogen peroxide do not mix vinegar. I know a lot of people use vinegar as a softener do not mix vinegar with your hydrogen peroxide because it creates a deadly gas. So thanks for watching YouTube and I hope you use this process and it works really well for you. I know it works really well for us. It has saved countless clothes of ours and thus saving us a ton of money. So I forgot you can buy hydrogen peroxide at the dollar store for a dollar. You can also buy hydrogen peroxide at the general drug store. I think Walmart Target has them and those places you can watch for sales or get coupons baking soda. This is literally the one from the dollar store. I typically buy baking soda and bulk just because we do use a lot of it for cleaning and such things like that but you know you can buy it at the dollar store for a dollar if you're just wanting to try out the method to save it. It works for you. So thanks for watching YouTube. Click like if you liked the video and subscribe if you want to see more. Bye!