 Hi guys, welcome back to my channel. So today I'm showing you how I make my mandazi. So let's get started. What you need is 1 cup of milk, 1 milk and ground cardamom, yeast and 2 cup of flour, sugar and vegetable oil. So now you're going to add all the dried ingredients inside the flour bowl. So now I'm mixing everything together with a spoon for like one minute. Now I'm adding 2 spoon of oil and I'm trying to mix everything together just for one minute. Adding my milk little by little guys don't put all the milk inside. So as you can see guys I'm adding my milk again so this is the last time that I'm going to add my milk. Yeah so try to mix everything together again. After my door is formed I transfer it on this flat surface so that I can walk with it easily. Now I'm trying to mix it all together again, slow by slow guys. For about 10 minutes try not to do it too much because your mandazi will be hot later. Okay so this is my door after 10 minutes guys. Now I'm dividing by door into 3 equal size. So now I'm going to add a little bit of flour onto the board before rolling. So that was sticky. I'm starting rolling my door and you guys try not to make it so flat like chapati. It has to be not so flat and just medium size. So this is my door after. Now I'm trying to cut it into 4 triangles. Okay you guys I know you're staring at my nose bud. Please don't judge. Okay so now I'm going to leave my mandazi for about 40 minutes or an hour before frying them. So after one hour now my mandazi are ready for frying. So now my bowl is ready and I'm setting to fry my mandazi. I'm adding a lot of oil as you can see guys. I'm just trying to fry them part one by one because I'm not in hurry but if you want more oil you can add. So this is how I made my mandazi place. Thank you so much for watching. Please don't forget to like this video and subscribe to my channel and when you subscribe press the bell button so that you can get notifications all the time when you press the video. So sometimes I press the post video two times a week and once it's been thank you guys for watching. Okay bye.