 Hi everyone, so today I will be showing you the process on how I made this Totoro figurine. It is really really big as you can see compared to my honey. I have picked up a Fimo air drying. This is the clay. It's called Fimo air light and the interesting thing about this clay is that it is microwavable and the reason I picked this clay up was because I saw Mia or Kauai charms 831 do a review on the clay and I thought it seemed pretty interesting so I thought it might as well try it. I didn't actually film me sculpting this figurine but I did film to enjoy this kind of random video. Hi everyone, so this is my like the base for the figurine. This is the tree stump. I'll make the Totoro to go on it. It will look like when I've stuck it onto the tree stump. So as you can see I moulded it so it would fit on the tree stump and I've just been letting this edge off. It has eyes and nose. As you can see there is a huge difference in size. It's a lot bigger so I'm really not used to this kind of craft, this kind of sculpting. I'll be painting this now. So I just finished painting. I didn't really bother with because you won't be able to see most of the next day and I'm just about to paint the totoro. Yeah but let's get started. I'm going to paint the top of the tree stump. I'm going to paint the top of the tree stump. I'm going to paint the top of the tree stump. I'm going to paint the top of the tree stump. I'm going to paint the top of the tree stump. I'm going to paint the top of the tree stump. I'm going to paint the top of the tree stump. I'm going to paint the top of the tree stump. I'll stick the totoro onto here with a super glue and then I will glaze it. That's what I will do now. The glaze is completely dry now and this is what it looks like. I didn't glaze the bottom. I probably will at some point just to stop the paint. I will move my camera at a different angle so you can see it better. This is what the totoro looks like when he's sitting down. Hopefully you can see the details. I'm a bit better now that I'm holding the camera. Now I'm going to say my thoughts on the Fimo air light microwave. This is a 250g block and I've got this for £6.49. I think it was a hoppy craft. Something like that. I know it was in the £6. Also we're not trying to shape the totoro and everything. I found it quite hard to get rid of the cracks in the frame when I say that. I mean when you take a piece off the block here and then I think it... I'm not sure if you can see but there's still the seam here and it cracks like this a little. I'm not sure if that is because the top of the block might be a little bit dry or if I needed to add water. But I found it did become easier when I added water to the mixture so that's... So that is very easy to paint on. The colour really stuck to the clay and I only had to do one coat. I think I chose to do two coats but I could have easily got away with my choice of clay to work with all the time. I think I will only use this for big stuff. I think it will be great for clay pens as it is really. Thank you for watching this kind of walkthrough of how I made this. So I didn't show how I actually sculpted it but that would have been a bit of a part. I hope you enjoyed it. Bye!