 You know, you always have this scenario by the eggs. Who come first? The chicken or the egg? So today we have the egg tomorrow we're going to have chicken. So, I want to show you how to do the two perfect sunny side eggs out. It's going to look like a sun into a room. First, you need a pan, non-stick preferable. Oil. I'm using oil for oil. You could use any oil you plan to use. Next, with my eggs. So I can have an empty bowl to put my shell in or to put my actual egg in the crack in to here. Okay. Next, I have my spatula. And last, not least, the plate. I'm pretty excited about this right now. Potten stove. Turn to medium heat. Enough tablespoon of olive oil. A couple of tricks of knowing when it's getting hot. Is when you start to move the pan like that. And the oil is moving faster than it should. You see now it's slow. All right. But as you get on, it moves faster. I'm going to crack the first egg. So one nice and it. You see that crack? Beautiful. Like entering. So he relies on my pan is not that hot. And the reason I put it so slow. Poor because I don't want it all over the pot because I need to have one more. So one good thing about this area, you have to move fast because you see the white of the other one is cooking. So you have to move fast. You can take that long time to do that. Okay. And you know, if you see a shell like that and it no problem, all you have to do is just remove it. You let it be. See this whiteness here is liquid part here. It's still egg white. So I want that to cook. That's why I cook it on a, it's not a rush. You know, this will take you to do a sunny side egg up with toast and everything. Take you at six or seven minutes and most. Even the amateur believe it. There's professionals that cannot do this. It's time. Everything is cooked. You could see now is time to plate it. Okay. See why I put them in separate. I guess I can remove them one of the time and place them where I want. So this is the first one. Second. This is a beauty. Perfect, perfect sunset. Now usually I don't like to eat my eggs like that. I love my eggs over hard. Well done. No judgment for me. Well done. But I don't mind tasting my egg whites now because I love egg whites. I'm more egg white guy that I hope guy. So I'm going to taste my egg white and tell you what the flavors are. The good part about this you could have some people like ketchup. Some people like hot sauce. For me, it's just a basic salt and pepper. So you put a little bit of salt, a little bit of crack pepper. It toasts. Are you good to go? Okay. So I want to taste my egg whites because I love to taste my food that I cook. Perfect. It's not rubbery because you believe it or not. If you overcook the egg whites, they get really rubbery and I'm very enjoyable. So you just need to melt them on perfect. That's how you do a sunny side eggs. Oh, thank you for watching.