 Welcome to Psych IRL Tomorrow it's Halloween for you Americans out there and guess what many of your houses are gonna be egged by kids Why do people egg houses? Because they think it's fun like this one time we were out trick or treating with our cousin and stuff and She was like Oh my gosh, that's so true. I don't think they answered the door. It was funny though. She's Basically this also answers the question why do people in peaceful protests go out of control all of a sudden? Or why do people after a sports game go out of control all of a sudden? Are you familiar with mob mentality? Yes, it's been a group of people do something because other people are doing it So mob mentality happens because of this concept that psychologists term as de-individuation and what de-individuation is Is this loss of your sense of self and in a sense you kind of become the mob So if you're out trick or treating and you see a bull that says take one piece of candy What would you do honestly? I normally would not do it or like I take one or two or three Or maybe everything I think as a kid I would have taken like a bunch, but like now I feel like probably not I honestly think I would take one Whatever so researchers did this experiment on a 1000 trick or treaters They set up a bowl that said take one piece as usual kids either arrive individually or in groups for some kids researchers Individuated them meaning they asked them things like What's your name? What's your address by doing this? It reminded the kids that they were an individual guess who broke this rule more the ones in the group who were just left alone took the Rose candy yes, that's right the highest percentage of kids who broke the rules were in groups and weren't Individuated basically they were acting on this mob mentality They didn't have a sense of self being in a group also makes you feel anonymous because It feels like the blame is shared between the group members But the cool thing is you can actually lower the percentage of breaking this rule if you place a mirror in front of the bowl They check their makeup and then they like If you place a mirror in front of the bowl Unconsciously or maybe consciously you actually see yourself so it reminds you that hey I'm an individual So being reminded that you are an individual Reminds you of all your values like you know, I'm not supposed to be rude I'm not supposed to steal a less-serre person who just does not care That's mob mentality and the reason why someone may egg your house For every house so they don't hang it Love to the end of the video if you like it give it a thumbs up comment and Subscribe At least two or three calls per day that went on for days and how I did get him to stop. Oh Sorry, I was having lunch with my boyfriend You