 Woohoo! Ha ha ha! HOP! Today on the Haji Veg, I'm going to show you how to make banana pancakes. They're like regular pancakes, but for monkeys! The first thing we're going to do for our banana pancakes is make a buttermilk. Now you can do this to soil milk or almond milk. All you have to do is add a little bit of apple cider vinegar or white vinegar. So we're going to mix that up and set that aside. Now we're waiting for that, which is about 5-10 minutes until it curdles. We're going to mash up our banana. So just chop up your banana. Put it into a bowl. We're going to mash it up. Mash mash mash mash mash mash mash mash. Now if you want like a total banana flavor throughout your pancakes, you could put this in the blender with everything else that I'm putting in the blender, but I like nice gooey chunks of banana. So that's why I'm mashing. I'm putting that aside with the buttermilk. You could do this all in a bowl, but I like to do it in a blender because I'm lazy and it's big. So I'm adding all of my ingredients except for the banana into my blender. So I have some buttermilk that we just made, vanilla, we have some baking powder, some salt, and then coconut oil, flour, and we're just going to mix that up. Now we're going to take our flour and caution. We're going to mix it with the banana and then combine it really well. And now we're going to fry it. So I like to use an, I'm really big ice cream scoop. If you have a normal size ice cream scoop, you can use that if you want to want to want to use a pan cake or use double the amount if you want a bigger pan cake. But this is how I have perfect pan cake for every time. So put the pan cakes onto the pan with hot oil about like three to five minutes on each side until they're just layered around this. And there you have it. Easy and yummy banana pancakes. Now you can talk these guys with whatever toppings you want. You can slice up more bananas and put them on there. I like coconut because I like the combination of coconut and banana and goji berries just for like almost like a chocolate flavor. Mmm. This is so good. Welcome to Easy Vegan Breakfast. Slowly together, breakfast will become easier. Yay! If you want more breakfast recipes, leave me a comment below letting me know what you want me to make. If you like the video, make sure you give it a big huge thumbs up and as always make sure you subscribe, trying to hit a hundred thousand subscribers by summer and it's just a little button down there. It's free. You can click on it. We can be friends forever. And that's what you need to say. Bye! I would suggest to do it in this order. First, get rid of all the meat. First, you can eat all the cheese and milk and whatever you want because there are vegetarian options that are very delicious, however they rely on that. But first, you can eat all the meat.