 This is my baby dear Dixie and she was orphaned by her mama. This is, this is little Dixie's play area and she is rottenly spoiled as you can see. She has real baby toys. She even has a laminate that it makes river noises. She likes it a lot. She sleeps next to it so she has a big pink bear and she is very spoiled. And every time I talk to her she looks for lips. Because I'm her mommy and she's like, Puddle! For all y'all who don't know about fawns, she will not use the bathroom here in her little play area. I don't know if it's TMI but they actually are stimulated by their mother cleaning them so I have to use a little paper towel. So she will never soil her area or whatever is always sparkly and clean and smelly. So she's the perfect bear. Only goes the bathroom on call pretty much. I mean you cannot beat that face. I mean there's just, there's nothing cute or I'm sorry. No animal. When you've got a feed you deer, what color are you really high-pitched voice? Are you ready? So what you're feeding your baby here, you want to go ahead and hold the bottle stationary like so. And use a prachartnipple which is really easy for them to drain from. Thank you very much. I give her a land of lakes. It's a milk because it's delicious. It has the same protein and fat almost that fawn milk or deer milk or whatever. The substitute hasn't it. And she told me it tastes better so it's more expensive but it's worth it. You know it's like store brand ice cream versus pocket does. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Is it tea or you, Kiel? I actually sleep. They are sometimes. So you get your kisses. Sometimes she likes it sometimes. She's like okay enough. This is fatty. This is fat fat kitty. She's super fat and awesome. She's like a sumo wrestler. Then cats bought. She was a rescue. I saw her at PetSmart and she was ridiculously fat with his fat ass. And I love fat cats because they are awesome with this. Fat. Okay so fat fat likes to spend. That's what we do for us. Wee. Wee. She's like not for the camera mom's embarrassing and she also has OCD. So when you pet her, she looks herself. Sorry I'm not laughing her unfortunateness. You have to spend with it. You have to roll with it. She's awesome. She likes it. If she didn't like it, she'd get up. She's like a dog. She's like a dog. She's like a dog. She's like a dog. She's like a dog. She's like a dog. She's like a dog. She's like a dog. She's like a dog. She's like a dog. She's like a dog. She's like a dog. She's like a dog. She's like a dog. She's like a dog. She's like a dog. She's like a dog. She's like a dog. She's like a dog.