 Welcome to Amy learns to cook on the show today. We're going to make my easy chicken salad. Now this chicken salad is very delicious and can be used for chicken salad sandwiches, eat with crackers or with an elettist cup. So join me as we make my easy chicken salad. Okay our first step is we're going to cook our chicken and you could use a rotisserie chicken from your local club store but this is so easy to do and it makes such a delicious chicken salad that I go ahead and cook the chicken myself. So pretty much we have our crock pot here and we're going to put in four cups of chicken broth and I make this from a chicken base called Better Than Bullion and you basically just dissolve it in a little bit of warm water and it really tastes great. So we're going to put in our chicken and we're going to put on our trusty gloves here so I avoid the chickeny hands right. And what I have is I have five boneless, skinless chicken breasts that I've washed and trimmed of any excess fat or gristle on the chicken and we're just going to go ahead and put this into our crock pot. Okay we're going to go ahead and cook this chicken on low for eight hours and trust me when I say just let it sit on low this is a set it forget it recipe and we're going to let this cook for eight hours on low and it is going to be moist and juicy for our chicken salad. Okay so now that the chicken is out of the slow cooker who was in there for about eight hours basically I put it in a bowl and I just took a fork and sort of chopped it or pulled it and basically I put in two tablespoons of the cooking liquid just to keep it a little moist and I put it in the refrigerator and you want to cool this all the way down because we're going to be putting mayonnaise in this and you don't want to put mayonnaise in it with it hot so we cooled it all the way down in the refrigerator and now we're ready to finish this off. So what we're going to do first is we're going to take one this is kind of a small the medium sized onion and we're just going to go ahead and dice this onion. I'm just going to get the skins off cut the ends off and we're just going to go kind of give it a small dice you don't want it too big because you don't want a big huge hunk of onion in when you're eating your chicken salad right. So we're going to go ahead and chop that and just put it right into our bowl with our chicken salad we're going to go ahead and do the other side and we're going to cut up some celery. The thing we're doing is we're going to chop some celery and I have three ribs of celery. You can use two to three ribs I happen to like a lot of celery and I've already chopped the ends off and washed this so I'm just going to split it down the middle and then chop in kind of small pieces you don't want it too big because you're going to end up with a big hunk of celery right. So we're going to go ahead and chop that we're going to throw it in our bowl. Okay so you can flavor this with any kind of herbs that you want you can use anything really I'm going to use a little chopped tarragon. I just like the flavor of it you can experiment and put anything you want. This kind of has a strong flavor to me so we're just going to put a little bit of this in right and I want to chop it really well we're going to go ahead and put that in our chicken salad and now it's time to put in the mayonnaise. Okay so we're going to use some mayonnaise and how much you use depends on how you like it right. I would say start off with about a cup of mayonnaise and stir it in and if you want more add a little more right. We have a lot of chicken here so I'm sure we're going to have to add more than that. This chicken salad is going to feed a crowd. So good. Now you can add all kinds of stuff to this chicken salad. This is just a basic recipe. If you want to make this tropical you could add some pineapple if you want to add some sweetness to you can put grapes. You can pretty much do anything you want. This is just a really basic chicken salad that you want to put together quickly maybe for lunches during the week or if you're having a quick party. Okay so we're going to put a little salt and pepper. Put some freshly ground pepper and you don't want to put a lot of salt because the mayonnaise has got a lot of salt so you might not need too much or if any. Just give it a quick taste so we can just receive it. A little bit more pepper. Tiny bit more salt and it looks really good so now let's plate it up. Okay so we're going to plate it up. I got some leaf lettuce and this has been washed and shaken free of the water right. I'm just going to put it around the plate. Give us a little fancy presentation. Okay and then I'm just going to take our chicken salad with a nice cream scoop and I'm going to serve it up. Okay and I'm going to put a few little crackers around here for our guests to have some crackers with the chicken salad. Make sure we have a nice round ball in the middle. Now we're ready to take a taste. Okay so I just put some crackers with it because I'm going to eat it right now. If you're serving this to gas you definitely want to have your crackers on the side otherwise they would get soggy right. I know about food safety because this is chicken and mayonnaise you want to make sure you keep this cold so if you're serving it to your gas make sure you take you don't put it out on your serving buffet or table until just before you're going to serve it. It also might help to keep it in a container that has ice underneath it to keep it cold but I'm going to eat this right now so here goes nothing. It is so good. Wow. I mean you can put a lot of things in the chicken salad to jazz it up but if you're just looking for a really basic quick easy chicken salad this is it. Cooking the chicken for all those hours in the crock pot just makes it really really good. I've served this on a sub roll I served it on wiggler bread with crackers it is really really good. If you like this recipe please subscribe below and give me a comment and a like. Also visit my website at amylearnstakook.com. I'm also on Twitter in Pinterest at AmyLearnstakook.