 Today I will be making black eye beans. This is also known as Lodia or Chowla. It makes a very delicious main dish. Black-eyed beans is very nutritious and high in protein. This is a basic recipe and very easy to make. This recipe will serve for this recipe. We need 1 cup of black-eyed beans or black-eyed peas, which I have already soaked. For an hour it should be soaked at least for one hour. As you see it has doubled in volume. 2 tablespoons of oil. 1 teaspoon of cumin seeds. cumin seeds. pinch of asafoetida. hing. 1 tablespoon of coriander powder. 1 tablespoon of shredded ginger. 1 tablespoon of red chili powder. 1 tablespoon of turmeric. 1 fourth teaspoon of mango powder. I am sure. 1 fourth teaspoon of garam masala. 1 medium sized tomato chopped. For garnishing, few wedges of lemon and 2 whole green chilies. First I will make the spice paste. This way when you add the spices to hot oil, it prevents from burning. So it is coriander powder, red chili powder, ginger, turmeric and about 2 tablespoons of water. And just mix it together. The paste is ready. Wait a few seconds. And first I am going to fry the green chilies. And I have already made a slit in them. The chilies are ready. As you see it has changed the color and you can see they are fried. It will take about a minute. Now I will add the cumin seeds and asafoetida and the spice mix. Add the black ice cream. And add the black ice cream. And about 3 cups of water. And 1 teaspoon of salt which I forgot. Close the pressure cooker. And after pressure cooker starts steaming, we will lower the heat to medium and let it cook for about 8 minutes. Pressure cooker has started steaming. So I will lower the heat to medium and cook for about 8 minutes. This has been about 8 minutes. So I will turn off the heat and wait till all the steam has escaped before I open the pressure cooker. All the steam from the pressure cooker has escaped. So I will open the pressure cooker. Black eye beans are looking good. Very tender. So I will just mix this and just press some of the black eye beans so it gives little thickness to the gravy. It looks nice. I am going to add the tomatoes. I am sure. And garam masala. Mix it well. Cover it. So with the heat, tomatoes will get tender. Black eye beans are looking great and taste great. This is a very nutritious and delicious dish. You can serve this with roti, any bread or with rice. I like to garnish this with lemon veggies and fried green chili. This makes it a nice presentation. And if you like hot, like me, you can bite in green chili. Fresh lemon juice always gives a nice tangy taste. Thank you. Till we meet again, check out more recipes on manjulaskitchen.com.