 Hi Crafty Patty here. I am so excited because today we have got this gorgeous beautiful hot day in Canada. I know in the States you guys get lots of nice weather and do you make all this wonderful sun tea so today I get to do it and I'm going to show you how I make my sun tea. I have an 8-liter jug here with a spigot but I'm going to make a large batch of regular tea bags, organic tea bags and I'm going into my recycled bin and I grab these out because I'm going to make some purple blends for the people who don't like to have caffeine and then it's going to be your choice of what you like to sweeten with. I don't care to use white sugar so I'll probably be using honey or you can just stay here whatever your choice of sweetener is and you want a sweeter tea. I'm also going to make one little jar for me just so I can use my cozy's. I've also got frozen berries you can choose what you like black, very strawberry, blueberries, whatever you like. I've got fresh lemon lime, I've got fresh mint, I've got purified water and the choice of teas that you like for herbal or for regular black tea. So let's make up some wonderful tea before the sun goes so I can get it out there. I've got about four to five hours left of sunshine so let's get started. If you're using the glass jars with a spigot reach and just make sure that the bolt is really tightly screwed on otherwise this will leak. After four hours my one liter jars they're ready to go. I'm going to leave my large eight liter container for another hour or two. I've now brought the sun tea inside as the sun was going down. These one liter containers with two bags all worked great. I've tried a sample of them and the intensity of the flavor is right where we want it to be. As far as the larger container it was an eight-beater container. I didn't quite have enough hours to brew this as long as it should have and the next time I do it I would have put in a lot more tea bags. I've got five tea bags in here I published it in eight to ten for this eight-liter container. The flavor is still good it's just not as strong as I probably like it to be. Here where I live the sun wasn't intense enough but I gave it a try anyways but it's still tasty. So how am I going to serve this? Remember that little one I need just for myself? This was the vanilla ribos. What I'm going to do is I'm going to strain out the fruit that I've added in the tea bag by using a strainer and a pitcher or any glass that's got a spell on it. I filled up another canning jar with some ice and I'll just pour the tea right over my ice because I want to drink it now and have a little garnish a little bit of lemon and a bit of a mint leaf and I put my cozy on so I don't have the wet conversation of the nice cold drink and let's give this a try. That's very refreshing. It's not very sweet but that's what I chose. If you want to have a sweet tea have a sweeten of your choice honey, stevia or whatever you want to add to make it sweet. And if you want to make some of these darling cozy's for your kinding jar is so you keep the condensation away and it's nice and comfortable for holding just check in the description below and there's a link there to show you how to make these. From our one-later containers I quickly just grabbed a little piece of paper or the actual tea label and put it on the lid so I remember which brand was it needs jar. What I'm going to do is I'm going to strain this as well to seconded this one and then I'm going to refrigerate it then tomorrow for the gathering I will be putting ice to top it up so it's ready to go for serving but I also did was I went on my computer and I made up some little labels so the guests will know what's in each jar and what they're drinking so I just wrote on homemade sun tea and the actual name of this one which is wild theory zinger and I'll just attach that to the containers so everybody knows what they're drinking. So that's my version of how I made sun tea where I live. I hope you enjoyed that. I hope you got some ideas some different flavors and if you've got some ideas by all means put a comment below I'd love to hear what you do and how you make it and I hope you enjoyed it. Give me a thumbs up if you liked it and we'll see you next time for many more great videos from crafty body.