 Hey guys, I have another tutorial, a boat tie tutorial. So these are the supplies that you're going to need and let's get started. So first I'm going to lay out my fabric that I chose. This is a chevron print but I'm going to do it kind of in a sideways angle. It is on a fold so here I'm showing you there are two sides to it and I'm going to make sure those are laid out and they are nice and even. So when I start to cut, next I'm going to determine the width of the boat tie. And we're going to be folding this boat tie inwards on both end, top and bottom. So I want to make sure it's thick enough to my desire. So once you've figured out how thick you want your boat tie to be, you're just going to cut straight on across. Okay, now that I have the piece that I'm going to work with, and now I'm going to decide the length that I would like the boat tie to be. And as you can see I'm showing you how we're going to fold the bottom and the top up. And I'm just trying to decipher the how thick I want it to be. And this looks just about right. So we'll go in cut straight up. And I'm showing you here both sides are flat. There are no folds. Just make sure everything is nice and lined up guys. So I'm going to measure it out how it's going to be. And it's the perfect size. You're going to want to glue that down to secure it and make sure that everything is glued and secured from the top and the bottom. Okay. Okay, so here I'm showing you that the chevrons are going sideways. It's not going like a traditional chevron. This is for boys. So I thought I'd do it a little different. I did press this out afterwards so I can get a nice and structured piece of material. So just make sure that when you're securing it, just securing it all the way down so everything would fall and sit properly. Okay. So now it's nice and pressed. And I'm just going to fold it and try to get an equal middle point so that we can glue that down there. So you just want to make sure that this is secure on all layers. So we would not have any problems of this coming off. Okay. So the down this is what we have. I'm going to show you how to form it into the bow tie. First we're going to just cut off a little piece to cover up the middle. And I will show you how I do this. I'm just going to do probably like one and a half inch to cover it. I'm here. I'm just trying to figure out what to do. And I decided to do one and a half of an inch. And I'm just going to cut down some ways down no particular length. Just enough to that I feel I need to cover it up. So here's what I have. And this is the part that's going to go with there. So here we have our bow tie and we're going to pinch the bottom and the top together with your fingers in the middle. And then you're going to lift the bottom up and the top down and pinch it in the middle. And that is going to form your bow tie. It's perfect. Here we go again pinching the middle pulling the back bottom up top down and secure those edges. And see that part is just going to cover over there like that. So now we're just going to put the little bit of glue so we can secure those pinched edges. And you're just going to want to hold those very very tightly into place. Okay and I've not put enough glue on here. So I'm going to go back through and I'm going to glue it up some more and get it a bit more secure so that it wouldn't depend on that wrap so much when I put that on there. So we're going to get this nice and secure more than it is currently. So now that piece that I had what I did was I turned one side in and glued it and that's going to be my middle piece. It's going to hold this whole thing together. So here I'm deciphering where I want this. Always figure out what part is going to be the front and what part is going to be the back and you're going to want to glue in the back. So here I'm figuring out that's going to be the front of my bow tie. So I'm going to secure the end of that black in the back. Here you see me have it lined up. I'm going to secure the glue there and I'm just going to push that down. Make sure you use as much glue as necessary. As long as you don't make it look like noticeable you could do that. You're also going to want to make sure the area where you pinched and gathered. You want to make sure you're covering that up precisely because you don't want anyone to be able to see that. That is where your middle flap is going to go over. That part where you pinched. So be very careful making sure that we are placing that correctly covering and securing that area and just hold that firmly and cut off your excess. Okay and this is your bow tie. Very easy, very simple and look how cute that is. Now I made these for the little boys choir at my church. So this was a really, really nice with all black. Okay so the next part to this tutorial is the elastic band. It's going to go around their neck. And what I'm doing is I am gluing. I'm going to glue one end of the elastic band. And I'm going to push that inside one of the folds in the back. Okay and that is going to secure the elastic band to the bow tie. Now you want to be generous with the glue. I wasn't so much generous here. And one of the bow ties elastic bands came a loose. But you know you could always reseal it with the glue. So be very generous with the glue. So you just want to determine a generic amount or length of elastic band. You don't want it to be too tight. Remember it is going to go around the neck. Okay so you want to go ahead and secure your other end there with some glue. And then stick that right on in on the other side. Okay and here is your finished bow tie. Very easy, very simple.