 Hey, it's Zidane, today I'm going to show you how I block in my fish. I'm used into a lot of you for this dish, but you can use any type of fish that you like. The main key here is heavily seasoning that fish. So I'm using black pepper, chili powder, cayenne, paprika, garlic powder, and this really cool pasta herbs spice blend. I've also chopped some onions and some bell peppers. So I'm going to get really up close and personal here so you can see how heavy I am seasoning this. I'm throwing a little bit of that my herb blend and tons of black pepper, tons of chili powder, a sprinkle of cayenne pepper, paprika, and garlic powder. Mind you, I'm not adding any salt and trust me when I say this, it doesn't need any. Flip this bad boy over and throw on some black pepper. And that's it. So I'm going to add about a tablespoon of butter onto my very hot pan over medium-high heat right now. Don't be afraid of smoke in the kitchen, it'll taste better trust me. And now I'm going to throw in a little bit of those chopped bell peppers and chopped onions. We're going to let these saute for about a minute or so. And what we're doing is creating a bed for our fish. So I'm going to lay our fish right on top of these veggies so that it can fuse in. All these aromas and flavors will fuse in with the fish. I'm going to let this fish cook for about two to three minutes on each side or of course until it's fully cooked. I'm going to get close here just so you can see how heavy I seasoned this fish. But that's what you want it to look like. That was a little difficult turning these over because it can't I was literally right in front of me. But flip these over let it cook on the other side for again another two to three minutes or until it well done. Now let me talk to you about this spice or herb spice blend. If you don't have this I got mine from Home Goods for $3.99. I've really never seen this anywhere before. So if you can't get a hold of it don't worry about it just throw in some herb in there. I'd say maybe some oregano or rosemary and basil. Again it was just a little sprinkle but this spice one I'm a love with this thing. It has red bell pepper, onion, basil, oregano, sage, rosemary, garlic, thyme, black pepper, celery, sea, coriander, margarine, chives, parsley and most importantly it's all free. So I love it. I'm going to put a link on the down bar below to their website. Our fish is almost done as you can see here. Again I was having a really hard time flipping this because the camera is right in front of me so oops. But this is done. I served mine with some white cilantro, um, cilantro lime rice. It's kind of like the one you get from Chipotle and a lemon wedge. It was so good. Hope you guys give it a try.