 Hello and welcome back to another update of this Northwark Island Piling that I bonside. In a previous video I showed that I had cut off the trunk entirely and it was just a stump pretty much. Well it wasn't really a stump it was extending up to here and that was it it was just a stick. There was no branches on it. Same thing with this one and this one I did not top. This one's pretty much look the same except I trimmed the I cut the branches off here and then the the branch grew new branches. The top part this part has actually grown but I didn't actually top this. This has just gotten bigger. So my focus here is on these two but I'm gonna probably talk about just this one because these are basically the same. This one's just bigger. So this one here in a previous video I showed that going all the way up the trunk here there's all these little needles on it and you can see they're all brown and then about the last three inches up here are the needles are still green. So the only thing that was green left on this stem was just these needles and there was after about two months after I topped this whole thing a little tiny bud started appearing where the needles are. So it's really important if you're gonna bonside Northwark Island Pine that you don't cut off so much where there's no green left on it. If the needles are brown it's probably not gonna work out and you're probably not gonna be able to get any growth back and you're just gonna kill it. So there's the same thing with this one here. There was a little bit of green needles left so I only cut to that point and I made it so that they'd be different lengths and you can kind of see if I step back they actually kind of look like a little cluster of palm trees you see at the beach or seeing a photo or something like that. I actually kind of like it. It's not a bonsai pot but I'll talk about that in a minute. So yeah I can see it's kind of nice. The whole top here is basically fanning out is growing new branches. It doesn't really have a new trunk per se that it's growing except for maybe this might turn into a trunk. It's hard to say at this point because it's leaning towards the window. So it's kind of blending in on the same thing with this one here and maybe this but what I am gonna do is I'm gonna keep the shape going. I'm gonna cut anything off that's growing upwards. I'm just gonna keep the branches so I'm gonna keep it small and keep a palm tree kind of a shape because I kind of like that. So as you can see no fog on pine it took a long time for it to recover after pruning it but it worked out. I'm fairly surprised at how well it actually worked. It just took just took longer. Now in the previous video I talked about why I did this. Well the main reason is because I'm kind of into bonsais but this pot here that's been pretty much the whole time. It's the root ball, the root mass, the big soil clump that's in here. It was starting to rise up and the soil was starting to spill over the side and that's an indication that the roots are becoming root bound and down at the bottom of it down in here there was a big cluster of roots just circling around and around and around and it's just a big thick clump. So when I pruned this whole cluster here I pruned when I pruned all this up top. I also pulled the clump out and I basically just ripped off all the roots off of the clump but I didn't take the clump apart and do anything left that alone. This one thing about when you bonsai trees or plants if you are dealing with a plant that's kind of sensitive or slow growing you probably don't want to prune everything all at once meaning you don't want to prune the roots take it apart and mess with all that and top prune really heavily is better to do one or the other. So either top prune or just root prune let it recover and then do something else because that's how I killed my giant redwood Sequoia tree. Well it wasn't actually giant but I bonsaied it and it didn't really work out too well and it's pretty much slowly died and never really recovered. I got a little overzealous with it and it's that just happened. So that's about it for this update. I know some people were looking for this update on that North Locke Island pine. I hope you like it. If you're new to this channel this is a mostly a horticultural channel I mostly my main content is really testing grow lights and comparing grow lights. So if you're interested in going and click subscribe I'm going to be coming out with some more videos in the future about grow lights I got some more coming down the pipe series within next couple months a bunch more videos actually. So it's all in the works it's going to take some time but I hope you enjoy this content in between and thanks for watching.