 Hello and happy holidays. Today we are going to do a small project that actually is not woodworking, but we are going to make a very nice decoration piece that you can make for yourself or you can give to Francis' gift. It is not necessarily a Christmas gift, it is a gift for every occasion and can create a very nice environment. For this project we are going to have to purchase some items and we are going to use some items we already have. We are going to show you those items as we will go along. For this project we are going to, as I said, some items that we have, for example some empty wine bottles or any kind of bottle you might have available. Of course we have to take the labels of the bottle and this one is ready, it is already cleaned. We will need a glass specific drill bit. A normal drill bit will actually break the glass or crack it at best. You need a drill bit specifically for glass and then you can buy any strand of small amount of light. I prefer these ones. They are battery operated LEDs which means that they can always stay on for quite a lot of times and this one is actually possibly a timer so they can turn by themselves off after you turn them on. It is a very simple project, it will not take as long time to do it and if you follow along you will see how it is done. It is a good idea in this project to put a glove on as you are holding the bottle just in case the bottle breaks. The trick is part is starting. The first thing you need to do is to put a knife on the bottle and then you can use a knife to make it look like a real piece of wood. The first thing you need to do is to put a knife on the bottle and then you can use a knife to make it look like a real piece of wood. The first thing you need to do is to put a knife on the bottle and then you can use a knife to make it look like a real piece of wood. The first thing you need to do is to put a knife on the bottle and then you can use a knife to make it look like a real piece of wood. From that point you simply insert the lights into the bottle and you let randomness take over. So we are done. The new bottle is over and as you can see it is a very interesting project. Very whimsical and can decorate your house throughout the year not just for the holidays. This also makes great gifts and of course the more you make the cheaper they are because the biggest expense is truly the drill bit. The drill bit took out through the glass. So once you have that the project becomes very easy and very inexpensive. As you can see each one you are going to make is different so it is unique. The one to the left actually it is a plug-in and the one to the right is a battery operated. Also the one to the left has 90 lights, the one to the right has 40. So depending on the look you want you can choose the appropriate bottle. Now a couple of things that I am going to point out when you drill make sure you do not drill using a hammer action drill because you are going to break the bottle. You need to use the standard driver. Not this that has also a hammering action and this is going to separate them as a chuck. As you can see this does not have a chuck but it has a quick release mechanism and like this it has a standard chuck. The other point that we found out is that the thickness of the bottle makes a big difference. This bottle was very thick where the other bottle I show you in the beginning is not thick at all. It took much less time to drill three and it is much less likely to break. Again we broke one of these thickness. It was not a very dramatic break it just cracked. But the reality is that it did break. I do hope you enjoyed this specific project and you will adopt it to your own needs. If you did like what we did here today, if you do like what the channel does please subscribe. If you do not please hit the dislike button, share, comment and keep back from more projects. I hope you join yourself. Have a happy holiday period, Merry Christmas, happy Hanukkah and good fishing.