 Hey everyone! So I have an issue today. I went to go put it in a load of laundry and my washing machine is showing an air code and I can't quite figure out what's going on and I have to get laundry done. Like it is an absolute must. It needs to get done today. But I can't just drive to a laundry mat either because I'm working. So I'm going to attempt to wash my clothes in the bathtub and see how they come out. I've never done this before. I don't know how well it's going to work but I read a little bit online on how to do it and it seems fairly simple. It just takes some time. So I'm going to go ahead and kind of vlog this process and tell you guys how it works. Just in case you guys have ever needed a fear washing machine broke. So I know there has always been washing machines so I know it's possible to hand wash your clothes. And I'm going to go ahead and get started by filling my bathtub with lukewarm water. Don't use hot hot water because it can shrink some of your clothes. But I am going to use lukewarm water instead of cold because some of them are heavily soiled as I do have three boys and they are very active and get very dirty. So I'm going to go ahead and fill the tub and I'm going to put the detergent just like I would and my washing machine and I'm going to put the clothes in there. Alright, we're filling up the tub. Got the sides in there. You can use powder too. You just have to give it some time to dissolve. Okay guys, I'm not sure how well you can hear me but I just want to show you when I say my kids clothes get really dirty. Look at this. I guess you don't normally see the dirty water coming out of the clothes when they're in the wash but yeah they're great dirty. So it's obviously doing something, it's doing what it's supposed to. So once this is all full where I want it, I'm going to let these soak for 30 minutes. No more than 30 minutes because then it can ruin your clothes, the laundry detergent. The website I saw suggested 20 minutes unless you have heavily soiled clothes which as you just saw I do. So we're going to do 30 minutes and I'll check that. Alright, so these have been soaking for half an hour as you can see the water is really dark and dingy gross. So obviously it's just waterking. So what I'm going to do now is I'm going to agitate it. Again I did this right when I put them in. I'm going to do it again like basically like you're kneading bread and swirling around and rubbing them together. After that I'm going to rinse all of the water out of the tub and try to get as much water out of the clothes, the dirty water as I can. So I've rinsed everything out, not rinsed, rang everything out, I've tried to get as much of the dirty water out as I can. So now what I've read is I'm supposed to fill the tub back up with clean water, lukewarm obviously. And we're going to kind of agitate them and do the process again where you drain it and keep doing that over and over until the water runs clear. So I will let you know how many times that takes. Well the water is a lot more clear this time I do see some suns so I'm going to do one more rinse. I've only done one rinse right now. And the next one I'm going to do is cold water. If you hear me sun crying in the background, so far that's the only downside I see. Every time I run water in the tub he's throwing a bit because he wants to take a bath. So I think when the sun is on I'm going to have to get that kid a bath. But yeah the water is looking a lot more clear and yeah. Alright again it all rinsed out the water in clear with how he said so. The one wash with the lukewarm water and then two rinses seems to do it now I'm just going to toss it in the dryer.