 Today we are making one of my favorite childhood treats, vineyards, soft, warm, yummy vineyards. First we should prepare the dough. In a large bowl combine the dry yeast, sugar and bouquet warm water. Mix and let rest for 5 minutes for the yeast to get activated. You will notice that the mixture becomes thicker and will have bubbles on the surface. If not, I would be worried about the yeast you are using. Make sure it is alive and strong. Add salt and one egg. Mix. Finally add milk. In a large container place the flour, make a well in the center and add the yeast mixture. Gently mix all the ingredients by hand until you get a sticky dough. Add the softened butter and continue mixing. Now add the remaining flour little by little while kneading the dough. The goal is to get a dough ball that is soft but not sticky. Trespir the dough ball on a flat surface and knead it energetically with the palm of your hands. You can of course use a kneading machine but I prefer to do it by hand. It is such a stress reliever. Believe me. Keep kneading until you get a soft, non-sticky, malleable dough. If you gently press in the dough with your finger, you will notice the dent in the dough coming back up. Sprinkle some flour in a large bowl and place the dough in it. Cover with a plastic wrap and let the dough rest in a warm place for about 1 hour. It will double in size. It is quite impressive. Using your fist, push the dough down to remove all the gas bubbles. Time to shape the binyes. Sprinkle some flour on your workstation. Place the soft dough and sprinkle a little more flour on top. Roll the dough out to about a quarter inch thickness around half a centimeter. Using a large cookie cutter, cut out circles in the dough. Now with a small cookie cutter, cut out holes in the center of the large circles. The goal is to get a wheel. Place the cut out binyes in a baking pan covered with parchment paper. Also, place the small round circles of dough in a separate baking pan. This way we have two binyes shapes. Keep rolling and cutting the rest of the dough until you are done. Cover the binyes with a cloth and let them rest in a warm place for about 30 minutes until they gain some volume. Time to fry the binyes. Heat vegetable oil in a frying pan on medium low heat. When the oil is fully heated, add the binyes and fry them on both sides. Keep turning the binyes around so they get an even golden brown color. Once done, place the binyes on a paper towel to absorb excess oil. Then dip them immediately in granulated white sugar and cover them from all sides. And that's it! Those are ready to be served immediately. Look at these binyes. They are so soft, so fluffy and so yummy. Now let's prepare the round binyes. Same thing. Heat oil on medium low heat and once ready, fry on both sides until golden brown. Place the round binyes on a paper towel to absorb excess oil. Now cut them in the middle and fill them with jam. My favorite is strawberry jam. Dust powdered sugar on top and serve immediately. These binyes are to die for. Benefiti!