 Hello everybody! Welcome back! This is Sarah. Today I'll be making some more slime with this Nickelodeon slime-centred slime kit. With this kit I'll be making a blueberry-centred slime and a strawberry-centred slime. I found this kit at Toys R Us and they're selling it for $5.99. Alright so let's see what they've included inside of the box. With this kit you get two bottles of white glue. You get two plastic bowls, a measuring cup. These are the scented paint colors, a bag of slime-making powder, three wooden sticks, a mixing spoon, two plastic storage containers with lids, and of course some instructions on how to make your slime. Alright guys, let's get started! First we're going to measure out 10 milliliters of white glue. I'm going to add 30 milliliters of water to my glue. Now I'm just going to mix those two together. Now I'll grab the other bowl. In that bowl I'm going to put in two of these spoonfuls of the slime-making powder along with 10 milliliters of hot water. I'm going to mix these two really well until the powder dissolves into the water. Before I mix the two I'm going to open up one of our colored paints. And these should be scented. This is the blueberry one. Now the last step is to slowly pour in the slime-making solution into our water glue mixture. As you can see it's charged to thicken up pretty quickly. I absolutely love the color of this slime. It's probably just a little bit too rubbery for my taste. I like it a little bit more squishy. Does it smell like blueberries? Hmm, I'm not quite sure if it smells like blueberries. It smells like glue and blueberries. Because I can still smell the glue. Let's make the strawberry scented slime next. Maybe I can make that one a little bit more slimy. This one came out stickier than I thought it would be but I do like it. And yes it does smell like strawberries but it also smells like strawberries and white glue. Well guys, I wonder what happens and what color it will become when I mix the two colors together. Do you think it's going to become purple? I don't know. I guess we'll see in a moment. Ooh, this is really pretty. So it looks like our slime didn't turn purple at all. I guess it just didn't have enough of the pink color. It's more of a nice light shade of blue. Well guys, thank you so so much for watching this slime video. If you liked it please give it a thumbs up. Also, if you haven't seen my other Nickelodeon slime videos, I'll put the link right on the screen so you can watch those too. Thank you guys so so much for watching today. As always I will see you in the next video.