 around this year should be a half inch wrench. I put a little WD40 on it to soak in, start loosening it up first. So what we'll do is we'll tap these with a half inch wrench. Just kind of loosen them up a little bit. We got that side and now we'll go to the other side. So I'm easier from the stride. What I'm doing that guys, the materials you're going to need are all in this pad and you can pause the video if you want to look at them. Nothing's wrenched any kind of hammer will do. You're also going to need two C clamps. These are three inch C clamps. That's pretty much it. It's a pretty easy job. So you're going to loosen both those bolts up that you tapped out. You can pull them right out. Set them aside then. The magic happens. The caliper should lift away from the rotor. Sometimes it takes a little force and maybe a tap or two. So you can get this one off without tapping it. So this is kind of an important step. If you look in here, here's your brake line that comes in to the calipers. So what you want to do is you can either use a C clamp to hang it temporarily or depending on the model. If there's something up in here where you can kind of tuck it back, I can tuck it back here behind the shaft. Where it'll hold in. Because we don't want to bend this rubber line too much down in here, this brake line. You don't want that to fall. This is a heavy piece of steel there. Where if it falls on that brake line, you don't want it to tear anything in an old hose or anything that you don't need to replace. Otherwise, you'll be running with the park store. So here your rotor is exposed and your brake pads, which is easily hung in by a clip. So there you are, usually just peel right away. Try to use your wrench to maybe pry them out of there. And that just comes out right out of these two clips. That's one side. And then you have another brake pad. The other side. And they come right out. See, right there. Oh, right these two are the two old brakes. Usually it doesn't matter which side the clip is. Here's the new replacement ones. They just kind of slide back in. I remember that the clip off of this first one was angled down on the inside part of this. So you just kind of press it onto the rotor. And also guys, I'll leave all the information in the description about this car. And the title. You should know. You should just be pressed together. So from this point, you want to put the calipers back onto the rotor. I'm going to pull my calipers out where I can get to them without putting too much strain on that hose. If you come around this way, you can kind of see a good angle of it. And then what I like to do is see these have pressure from the brake fluid and the brake line. So in order to get this back on, we want to press these two calipers back in to the higher assembly there. So what I like to do is I'll use the old brake pad that I had on there. And then this is when you utilize your C clamp. Somewhere where it'll fit, where you can get to it. Even the size bigger would probably work. But since this is what I have to do the job right now, I have to make it work. And get started with this C clamp. And once you get it in, it shouldn't pressurize too much to where you can't get it off. You just want to get it really started on one side. Start your other side. And that will start to push those calipers back in as you tighten it. Keep that steady. Start working both of the C clamps. Kind of getting on the way there. This is a 2008 or Chevy 2008 and PolarCraft. This process will take couple of minutes. You can probably already see my video. You can wear about 10 minutes once you get the tire off. Those are in pretty good. So those calipers should be depressed. Just about as much as they're going to go. You can take those clamps back off. Don't you have to take them off fastly? No. Sometimes depending on how much pressure is in there, they can come out. But it should for the most part be pretty stable. You'll have to pump the brakes with the car on to get it pressurized again. So then from there, you just want to lift your shell of this around there. Line it back up with the screw holes where you took it off. Sometimes the brake pads will kind of move around on you when you're trying to get them back in. Like that one just did. There's one side. And you go down the other side around the bottom. It shouldn't be that difficult. But sometimes it's tricky. That brake pad looks like it keeps on wanting to come out a little bit. I have to stuff the brake pads out a little bit on that. Are we going to have to do that process all over again? It's open up. Okay, let's take a few extra seconds. This is only the handful of times that I've ever changed out of brake pads. I am not a certified mechanic, but a certified mechanic. So tell you you don't have to be to change out your brake pads. I'll get those two bolts back in there. Start it back in and feed through this crossover assembly. Once you get those in there, finger tight. Back up with your half inch wrench. That's a good little tour gun. Not that too much. And you're done. Once again all the materials you're going to need is... 916th wrench, WD40 to loosen up before you start your job. And two C clamps, three inch or above six inch. We work just as good. And that's all you need. Alright guys, once again everything will be in the description. And this car is a Chevy 2008 and Paula. And that's probably just about it. I hope this guy has helped you out a little bit. Please give me some feedback on my channel. All that good stuff. Leave a comment below how if it works. See you soon.