 What's up guys, how's it going? Welcome back to my channel or if you guys are new here, welcome to my channel. My name's Erin. I create lifestyle videos so everything from fashion, beauty, wellness and travel, it's all going down here. Today's video we are going to be doing a little closet clean out. It's that time of year again. I actually can't believe fall is literally just around the corner where the heck has time gone. So usually I like to clear out my wardrobe every spring and every fall. Just go through everything, see what I still wear all the time, what I haven't worn or maybe things aren't fitting how they used to and just give it a refresh and see where I'm at. So that's the plan for today. Let's get to it. Okay so I'm just going to start by literally taking everything out of my closet and just sticking it on the bed and then I'm going to re-hang all the pieces that I know for sure that I'm going to be keeping and then I'll deal with the leftovers after. So I definitely recommend taking every piece out of your closet that way you're forced to go through each item one by one and you can really ask yourself, one was the last time I wore this. Does it still be a hit? Is it comfortable and make your decision from me? Alright so I've come up with a maybe and a no pile so I'm just going to go through all of my nose for you. So the first thing is a white camey right here. Reason being I like this one a lot better. This one wringles up a little bit and I'm not a fan of the material as much as I like this one so that's my first snow. Next is this jacket here. I kept this the last time I cleared out my closet thinking I would wear it again. I didn't wear it all last fall or winter so I'm thinking I probably wouldn't wear it again this fall or winter so that's the reason that I'm not going to keep this one anymore just I didn't wear it in at least years. So next up this jumpsuit. Okay I've had this jumpsuit for years for so long since Target was in Canada because I got it from Target. I really do like it but once again I haven't worn it I can't even remember the last time I've worn it and I've kept it cycle after cycle thinking I would wear it again and I just never have so this time it's it's going. So next up is another top. I have this cami here and this one same reasoning I haven't worn it in a really long time and I've kept it time after time thinking I would wear it again and I just haven't so this time I'm like biting the bullet I feel like on a lot of things that I've kept for those cycles and they have to go if I haven't worn them. Next up is this dress here so I like this dress but it's really really heavy and I'm just not feeling the fit of it anymore really. I find it's a little poofy and it makes me feel a little bit bigger when I'm wearing it so I'm just not as comfortable in it anymore which is why I'm not keeping that one. Whoa and it stuck on my neck. There we go. Next up is this blazer. Now this blazer here I bought online last year or the year before and I thought it looked so cute online and then when it came in I was actually really disappointed and I never got around to returning it so it's just been hanging out in my closet but I thought it was going to be a nicer thicker like blazer material and it's a jersey so it's not what I had in mind so I never really was loving it from the get go and I just haven't worn it or turned to it. That's why I'm not hanging on to this item. So those are all of my nose. Now we're moving on to my maybe's. Okay the first item in my maybe pile is this kimono right here. I think it's really cute. It's all black with the white stripe on it so it gives it that pop. Yeah I'm just really not sure. I haven't worn it in a really long time which is why it's in the maybe pile but I'm not sure if I want to part ways with it quite yet so yeah we're not sure. Next up is this top here. I really like this top. I wear it a lot. Maybe I will keep it since I do I do get a lot of wear out of it and it's a great fall and winter top. Yeah I think I will actually hang on to that. Next up is I have this black maxi dress. It's actually kind of like a bathing suit cover up that's more what it was meant for but I wore it as a maxi dress a lot and I think I'm actually going to part ways with this one this time. I have not worn this in years. The fabric is starting to peel a lot as well so bye. And last but not least in the maybe pile. I have this blouse here. It is a short sleeve white blouse. It really needs an iron I'm sorry. And it ties up into a bow at the front and this is another one that I'm really really on the fence about. It's super cute. Actually you know what I think I'm going to keep it. Now I'm going to keep it for another year we'll see if I wear it. The only thing I'm still really unsure about is this kimono. So I'm going to sit on this I think and then decide a little bit later what I want to do with it because I don't know. I'm not going to make a rash decision just yet. Okay so now that I've gotten that part of my closet done I'm going to go through all of my bottoms and my shelf with my t-shirts and just super casual long sleeve tops. Okay so I just re-tried this on and pretty much sealed the deal that I am going to keep it because it's really cute and it looks really good with this outfit so I'm probably going to wear this out later today. Not going to lie. Okay so these are the pants I decided not to keep. I have this pink pair here. And I have a black pair. I already have a few pairs of black pants. And then over here these are just a couple pairs of skinny jeans. I'm just not really feeling them anymore to be honest and they're not fitting the way I want them to fit so that's why I'm not going to hang on to any of those. I feel like I've been a skinny jean girl for as long as I can remember. Those are the only types of jeans that I've ever really bought. This year slash going to fall in the winter and next year I really want to start experimenting with more straight leg jeans. I am a pear shape personally so I feel like that would be a little bit more flattering on my body type so that is something that I do want to start experimenting with. I am keeping a couple of pairs of skinny jeans like my high waisted black skinny jeans. Those are one of my favorites but I do want to try experimenting with a few more shapes and just seeing how I like them. Yeah that wraps up my bottoms. Here we have my bottoms so these are the jeans I'm keeping and then over here I have two pairs of leggings, some joggers and then my wide leg pants and dress pants here. Now onto my t-shirt. I am going to leave all of my sweaters back here still just because I love them all still and I'm not planning on parting ways with any of them so they're just going to stay there and the rest is coming out. Okay guys last but not least I'm going to go through the t-shirts that I'm parting ways with so the first thing is actually a body suit. I never really wear it. I'm really tall like I have a long torso so body suits are super uncomfortable for me and also going to the bathroom in a body suit is super annoying so I find myself never really wearing it and it's one of those ones that doesn't have the buttons at the crotch so you can't even undo it you have to fully take it off if you have to go to the bathroom. So that's why I'm parting ways with this one it's just not so practical and I don't wear it because it's not practical. Next up is this gray t-shirt. I have another gray t-shirt that I wear and like a lot better than this one so that's why I'm not hanging onto that one. Next up is this graphic tee that I have and I actually cut this one into a crop top. I cut it a little bit too short and I was really disappointed after I cut it. I'm not usually a huge fan of my mid-dirt showing so that's why I think I'm going to part ways with this one just because I did only ever really wear it over a dress and I really like the other graphic tee that I have now a lot better and I get a ton of use out of that one so I'm just going to part ways with that one and last but not least what is this? Oh my black t-shirt so my black t-shirt has actually finally bitten the dust. There's a big hole in the back I don't know if you guys can see that right like in the middle of the back and the fabric is starting to pill a lot so it's seen better days. I need a new black t-shirt I think. So that sums up my closet clean out. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. Like I said I do like to do this twice a year once in the spring and once in the fall. Number one you just go through everything that you own and really reassess your wardrobe see what you're still loving what you're not loving anymore what fits what doesn't fit and number two it also gives you the opportunity to reorganize your wardrobe. I love that feeling. I love when everything's folded properly in the right place I have all my hanging stuff in the right order I just love that. It's such a good feeling so you guys are getting ready to do your fall wardrobe clear out and hopefully this video inspired you a little bit and that sums it up. So I'll see you guys in my next video. Bye.