 How you all doing? Welcome to Nikos Kitchen's fast food. Today we're going to be making a recipe that takes no time at all and is just so good. Of course, I'm talking about some mozzarella sticks. She's got budget meals Monday, what you want Wednesday, fast food Friday, what else could you share? Nikos Kitchen, where satisfying meals are prepared. So our mozzarella sticks so easy to do, like incredibly simple to do. This is what we're going to do to get started. Now I've got some mozzarella cheese here. Now I'm using not the quote-unquote traditional mozzarella. It's this harder version of it that you can buy in the stores and that's the one that we want. It's the cheaper version. Real mozzarella is very expensive. So you want the cheaper option and it comes in this block and what I've done, almost like cutting big thick chunky steak chips. That's what we want there. Okay, so we've just cut them up and now we're going to move on to our crumbs. So just into a container here I've got some ordinary bread crumbs. And to this mix, I'm going to be adding in a Italian herb mixture which is basically some basil, some oregano, some rosemary, some parsley, some dried thyme. And we're just going to add that in. So what we want to do, just very quickly, just give this a mix around. So this is my breading station set up. You've seen me do this heaps of times before. We've got some plain flour. I've got a couple of eggs that I've just beaten up with a little bit of water and of course the crumb mixture which we just made. So we're going to get our mozzarella stick. We're going to just dust it in the flour. Just get it nice and coated. And then just shake off any excess into the egg wash. Just give it a few flips around. Just shake that off and then into our crumbs. This is where we're going to get really serious with this. And we're going to double dip this bad boy. It is absolutely essential to get that nice crust. So you just want to flip this again and then get it nice and coated and back in to our crumbs. And that's what we're after. Just like that. So just keep repeating that process and then we can deep fry them. We've breaded our mozzarella sticks. Now we're going to deep fry them. So I've got some vegetable oil in a pot here. And you can just see I've put a little bit of batter just into the oil. So not hot enough. It's just bubbling away then nicely. Obviously if you've got a deep fryer then use that. It's going to give you perfect temperature control. So I'm going to be placing our mozzarella sticks into the hot oil. I'm just going to be lowering them in. Don't overcrowd the pan. And we are only going to fry them for literally 30 seconds to a minute just until it's nice and golden brown on the outside. So guys this is the colour that we're after. Just check that out. Beautiful golden brown. The cheese inside is just starting to go a little bit gooey. And that's exactly what we want. So continue that process and then we can get stuck into them. Alright these are going to fund these mozzarella sticks. I'm just going to have a little taste on the end. Here we go. I love that herb crust that goes so well. My known as gooey because I've had to set up for doing these. But serve these straight out and don't waste any time. As soon as I come out of the deep fryer, bam! Straight on the table. Let them all get stuck into it. And they are just going to be awesome. These are so quick to do. You have to give these a try. This weekend you guys take care and I'll see you this coming Monday.