 Good morning. Today I'm going to try to share with you about the little chord chart that our family has implemented to help our family just function better and our family team has like really come around this and started working a whole watch stronger together. Zikerman, we have colored ones for you now. So there's a sticker on the corner of this. On each day I have this chart that has a different sticker and I'm going to put the magnet on what day we're on. So this magnet is on Wednesday for our froggy. So whoops I'm throwing stuff off the fridge. Thank you Hannah. So that's your day. You look for your little sticker because a little bug guy is on Tuesday. Yeah. So we're doing Wednesday today. There is a good sound. And Halley has the exact same chart that Hannah does. So my three-year-old has the same exact one as my seven-year-old. She doesn't usually get as many of my seven-year-old. But I figured there's really not a reason for her to have to have a lower one. This will last a lot longer and the older kids can help her. Put on clean underwear this morning. You got dress, keep us to your hair. You can go get your laundry. If you want to go get your laundry to bring it down. I put on a pin on a paper. I put night time on the gymnas. I can do that. Yep you already did those last night. You put on jammies and you brushed your teeth. You do a race show. Get a little bit of water. And Zegramine's been on a roll today last night. Oh we didn't do that. We weren't here. Brush teeth last night put on jammies. This morning brush teeth put on clean underwear. Got dress, brought down laundry, emptied the dishwasher. He did all those things before I could even open the dishwasher and need something out of it this morning. So it was really really impressed. And if you're wondering what's on here, all these little squares that they're marking off for each square that they mark off for doing their chore, they get one minute of screen time for each of those squares. So typically they get between like 20 and 30 minutes a day that they earn. They can earn a whole lot more by vacuuming. But these usually don't get done but if they really want more minutes they have a chance to do it. And some of the stuff is really simple that I've chosen for them to do like brushing their teeth, brushing their hair, getting dressed, putting on clean underwear. It's like typical stuff that you that they should know to do. But honestly I want them to earn screen time and I want them to get in the habit of doing these things. I start each day after dinner time. I want them to have their screen time before dinner time because that's the most helpful for me. While I'm trying to finish up getting dinner ready, they can be doing screen time and they can be occupied. And then that way when we first started doing this we were having them do screen time like after they were ready for bed. But I didn't really like having to try to like rush them and then bedtime get pushed back because they're going too slow to get ready for bed. And then watching TV right before bedtime I didn't really like that. So we switched it around and we're starting our days in the evening at dinner time which kind of functions well for us anyways because that's how we start celebrating Shabbat. We start at dinner time and then we relax all day Saturday and then we can start resume works Saturday evening. So it just kind of goes well with how our family functions. So they can mark off what they do the night before and then continue in the morning. And as the day goes on I'll show you a little bit about how good the kids are at working together. Some of the stuff is optional and they just don't earn minutes if they choose not to do it. Some of the stuff they have to do and they will earn minutes for screen time for doing them as well. Each day the kids have a different responsibility around the dining room table for breakfast lunch and dinner they each have the same one all day long. Stop looking at that. That's gross. Go put it in the pantry. Today Hallie's job is to clear the table. We're going to put the cereals away okay? Can you carry both of those? Or just one? Why don't you get this one? All right let's go put them in the pantry. Can you get two? Oh let me see those muscles. Hallie has muscles. Good job, Hallie. All right you put the cereal. Mama got the honey. I want to do it. I want to do it. I want to do it. Here Mama will help. Thank you Hallie. Today Zeke's job is to scrub the dishes after Hallie clears the table. Doing a good job? Wow that's a good job. And then Hannah's job is to come and load the dishwasher. Yeah you like that function huh? That's pretty cool. We do the kitchen chores on a rotation. So tomorrow I think Hallie will be scrubbing the dishes. Hannah will be clearing the table. Zeke will be loading the dishwasher and then the next day we switch again and I work with Hallie on hers because sometimes it's a little bit tougher and just kind of get her motivated. She's only three so I don't expect her to do hers all by herself. But Hannah and Zeke being almost six and seven they do all their own. Oh I wiped down the bathrooms. Oh good job go ahead and mark that off. In scrub dishes. Yeah that's so right. I can do some of these as I want to. Are there any of those that you want to do today? You bring your laundry down? Do you take out the bathroom garbage? Yeah you got to go do that before school starts. I just picked up my hand. Can I mark it before I can do that? And you have to make sure you put bags back in the trash can right? All right go do it. The kids have finished all of their morning chores before we start school. One thing I wanted to point out is that Hallie has not come and marked that she cleared the table after breakfast. I never mark these for the kids. I always wait until I'm with them and I let them mark it so that they can see what they're doing and I think it's just a sense of accomplishment of like that's two more minutes of screen time I'm going to get. So if they leave it here unmarked I just leave it and honestly I haven't had a hard time remembering what kids doing what I'm surprised at that. But yeah so I just usually I'll take these up before school and when we get a break during school I'll go over it with them of what they need to do and if we have some time that they can go back and earn some minutes they can Hannah and Zeke are trying to earn more minutes so they can watch a show that they want. So they are in here folding some laundry for me. These are Toby. No they're not. Yes they are. Those are Zeke. Yes those are Toby's. Hannah don't make them fuss. Yes Toby says here. Did you already fold these? Yes! Stinker. Toby says here I'm helping you earn more minutes. You can refold everything. So Hannah will get four minutes for folding and Zeke will get four minutes for folding. I'm going to get some coffee with. Yeah I'm silly. Yeah. Do you want a good job? Keep up the good work. No, don't touch me. Dinner time is over and before people can go off and play all the chores have to get finished. So Halle is clearing off the table. Zeke's already scrubbing. Hannah's waiting for her job to look at the shower. To give us a little encouragement while we work though we're going to listen to some music. Are you helping? All right, cleaning dance party. Our dancing cleaning party. Good job. All right we got to get the rest of the stuff off the table. Here Hannah go get these to seek. What take both of them? There you go. Oh Come on come on guysVEN. Come on Brad just foi du music The words away, I got a dance shot, the little cameras, there's rings in the deep end and I left everything here. The biggest plus for having everybody work together as a team and getting everything done is that they give us time to spin together. And a little apple. How about the apples that we picked? Today we're gonna try our apples that we picked at the end. At the end. If you watched our last video, you saw us go in and pick in our apples. This vlog's question for one of you guys, I'm looking at it right here on my phone, is from Caitlin Qualley. What part of Minnesota did you guys use to live in? Good question. We lived northeast of the cities. Between cities. Yeah, so we lived. Yeah, so if you're at Minneapolis, you can call it. It was about an hour. Or two hours, something like that. Halfway between the cities and Fargo. And Fargo, yeah. So. And that was a long time ago. Four or five years ago. A long time ago. Yeah, before you were born. If you guys would like to see the chore charts, like a downloadable version of that Dana made, comment below and let us know. And if there's enough people who want it, Dana said it would be, she put a lot of work into those. But she said, with even more work, she could figure out how to make it sound more comfortable for you guys. They're not right now. And the pair, the pair. The pair was good. I see. So comment below and let us know if you want those and we'll figure it out. So thank you for hanging out with us today. Everyone say subscribe. Bye. Bye. To our family story. Karrison Chloe, you got to say subscribe. Well, I love you. This is good. They didn't do it. And join us on learning to become a family team. We love you guys to join us. Yeah. Well, I love being a family team. That's right. Find an Apple Hally. Yeah, I'm just thinking. You're going to get it. Oh, good job, Hally. Put it in your bag.