 Hey friends, it's Rosie and in this video I'm going to be sharing my recipe for grilled sorloin steak kebabs. At any time that you would like the exact measurements, please be sure to visit my blog iHeartRecipes.com. Okay, so I'm going to start off with my petite sorloin. I'm going to remove it from the package or rinse it under cool water and I'm going to cut it up in cubes. There will be fat, get rid of all the excess fat but leave a thin layer of fat to keep the meat all nice and juicy while it grills. So now we're going to slice up our red onions and peppers and I have some red peppers, yellow, orange, green and I think I'm forgetting the color but any colors that you want to use is fine. Place everything into a large bowl and now we're going to drizzle in some extra virgin of olive oil. So I'm going to add in that worcestershire, worcestershire that stuff this starts with the W that I could never pronounce but you know what I'm trying to say. So drizzle that on in that bowl and then I'm going to add in my A1 steak season. Now you do not have to use that steak season, you can use whatever steak season that you decide to use. Once everything's in the bowl I'm going to give it a toss to make sure everything's well combined. Please don't forget to give my video a thumbs up. I would really appreciate it. Thank you in advance and I will love you lots and lots for every if you do. I'm going to be using my wooden scroovers. If you have wooden scroovers make sure you soak them in plain water for at least 30 minutes prior to assembling your kebabs. So it really doesn't matter which order you put your stuff onto the kebabs. I started off with peppers and onions and then I added the steak and repeated the steps but again it doesn't matter which order you start adding the stuff onto the kebabs. So once everything is done this is what it looks like. I told you I use lots of colorful peppers. Look how pretty they are. Now I'm going to head on outside. Now we'll apologize in advance. It is a little dark because I'm doing this at night but you know what real people real situation. Y'all know I don't have a production company or anything like that. So yeah. So I'm going to use my Napoleon Grill. It has an infrared side burner so I have it at its highest position and I'm going to steer the steak scroovers. Okay. And once I'm done steering it I'm going to just place it on my grill for another eight minutes or so and this is what it looks like. It was really easy, super delicious. Of course you can do this on a charcoal grill if you don't have a gas grill. But yeah definitely give this a try. Tell me what you think. Don't forget to visit me every Wednesday and Sundays for new video uploads and subscribe if you haven't already.