 Hi, I'm going to make a video on my Yorkshire puddings. This was requested. I thought I'd do this separately so it's easier to find rather than put it in a week of meals video and then it would be hard to track where it was. So I work in cups because I'm quite old school. So basically you need one cup of plain flour, one cup of eggs, and then one cup of mainly milk and then a dash of water. So one, one, one, and then mix that into a bowl. And then I use these deep muffin tins. You can get Yorkshire puddings which are much more shallow, which are fantastic and will totally work. But then your Yorkshire pudding will be small. Whereas if you use these deep muffin tins, that's how you get a really, really big Yorkshire pudding. So I'm going to put some olive oil in here and I'm going to put it in the oven to get it hot and you want it on the top rack because heat rises. And before you even start your roast enough, you need to get this done and then put it in the fridge so it's nice and ice cold. So when you put the ice cold batter mix into the hot oil, it cooks it straight away. So I'm going to mix that up now. So I'm going to put some olive oil in here and then mix that up. So I'm going to put some olive oil in here and then mix that up. So I'm going to put some olive oil in here and then mix that up. So I'm just going to beat this until it's nice and smooth and then put it in the fridge to keep it cold. So I'm just going to give it a final whisk. For timing you generally find roast potatoes take an hour, Yorkshire puddings take 45 minutes. So my roast potatoes have been in for 15 minutes so it's now time for me to put in my Yorkshire pud. So I'm going to get that hot oil out. That's what it's looking like and I'm going to get it straight into the oven. You don't want to keep opening that oven, you want to keep it closed as much as possible. So here's my Yorkshire puddings, I've fresh out the oven. I've got to mention that within the batter you could season it with salt and pepper if you wish. I've got some nice gravy to dunk it in so I don't need to. You can also add herbs, you could add parsley or thyme within the batter. So yeah, I hope you enjoyed this video, take care, bye!