 Hey my Legion, how y'all doing today? I'm here today to review something that Mr. Cronstein sent me. Kate and Chef, Malpico Okra from Louisiana, right there. And he said he sent me some jarred items to make sure they sit in a fridge for at least overnight so you get a good chill when you take them and stuff. And then he said this was one he said I hope I like, he said I hope I liked this festival. I assumed it was Okra. Kate, he did a message before I got like the stuff he sent me about. He didn't want to give me any surprise but when he said I hope I liked a certain festival. I assumed it was Okra from being from Louisiana. And I remember buying and reviewing hot Okra. I remember getting it and when my dad was still alive and we both tried and my dad loved it. So I made sure I bought him like his own, I bought him next time I went to one where I bought him his own jar for just himself. He loved it, he went through it quick. So hopefully this will be good. This is Malpico Okra, Kate and Chef. And he was talking about packing and stuff like that and he was talking about taping. He taped it up really good. There's a big thing that taped up here and down here. I didn't want to rip it off and rip the label off. And Kate and Chef, product is from Saint Martin's Villa, Louisiana. Ok, cool. Said Chirv, served chilled, delicious for parties or derv's cocktail parties. Or as a salad garnish. Sounds good. It's open to some. There are going to be no ones tough to open. Now, okay, I didn't want that tough. Smells really good. Smells like pickles. Take one out. And these things are big. Okra right here. I don't want to get it all over the computer. You're stripping. Give it a taste. It's very good. With the inside shot. With the okra. Mmm. I don't know if you need to stem or not. You got your cane. You need the whole thing. I like pepper ochino with the stem. You can't eat that. What drives me nuts is what it has. Banana peppers and they cut them in slices. And we have parts of the stem off there. So you have to tie a bite to stem off. You need to eat the whole thing. It's fantastic. These are really delicious. Taste just like pickles. Let me try over the brine. It's not bad either. These are, let me have another one. Pretty fantastic. It needs a really good. Give high marks to the cadenchef's. I'll pick one. I'll pick a okra. Give it a high 9 out of 10. Very special thanks to my buddy, Mr. Cronstein for being nice and up to send this stuff to me. Wow. Fantastic. Until next time, bye, please. Take care, my Ali.