 Hi, I'm Jenny T with MickeyRomanShades.com. How do I make a top down bottom up Roman Shade? A top down bottom up Roman Shade is a Roman Shade that raises from the bottom up, like a normal Roman Shade, but also has the option of the top edge lowering down. This is ideal when you require privacy for the main part of your Roman Shade, but you still want some light to come in so you can lower from the top down and let some light in. The best way for me to show you quickly how to make a top down bottom up Roman Shade is to give you a sketch. So I'm going to change this video to some paper and pen and give you a quick sketch and idea on how to make a top down bottom up Roman Shade. Here is an illustration of a standard bottom up Roman Shade, meaning that when I pull my lift cords here on the cord lock, it's going to pull from the bottom and raise the Roman Shade up. The difference between this and a top down bottom up Roman Shade is that you're not going to have the top edge of your Roman Shade attached to your board, like it's shown here. Instead, you're going to have the top edge of your Roman Shade folded down and hammed immediately, maybe just a full down an inch and so across. In here, you're going to put a weight rod as well. So along that top edge of your Roman Shade, it's still going to be even, that being the finished length of your Roman Shade still needs to be even with the edge of your board here. So you need to make sure you have it as some extra fabric, but in the top ham and casing of your Roman Shade, you need to put a rod pocket and a weight rod. So in the top ham or casing here, you need to make sure you insert a weight rod, something that's going to give structure to the top edge of your Roman Shade. You also need to make sure you've got a weight rod here down at the bottom ham as well. Then you need to add another set of lift cords. These lift cords drawn here are to raise the bottom of your Roman Shade, but they don't do anything with the top. So now you need, in this example, one, two, three, four, five, five more lift cords that are going to control the top of your Roman Shade. So you'll get five more lift cords and they're going to string to the opposite side of your, of wherever your other set is. So if your one set of lift cords is here, you would put the other set of lift cords here and they would tie to the top of your Shade ring and thread over to another cord lock over here. And each lift cord, so these lift cords are actually fairly short. They're simply going to tie to the top ring, thread over to the same screw ice that you have for the other lift cords that over to this cord lock. So it's the exact same setup, except instead of tying your lift cords to the bottom ring, you tie the lift cords to the top ring. So then once it's all set up, you simply pull these sets of lift cords here to raise the bottom of the Shade up and or you could pull these new lift cords here and release and that it will lower this top edge all the way down. Now one thing that you need to make sure you account for is that you have enough lift cord here that's going to allow this top edge to come all the way down. So when you go to tie your lift cord to this top ring, make sure your Roman Shade is completely lowered so that when you tie your lift cord way down here, you have enough that comes all the way up and through your cord lock. So leave a lot of extra lift cord here. You can trim off the excess later. Once you have everything hooked up, lower the top edge of your Roman Shade down and then decide how long these need to be trimmed off that. But it's the same thing. It's really, it's just a matter of having two sets of lift cords and two mechanisms for operating your Roman Shade. If you liked this video, I have 20 more videos just like this one with quick and easy tips, tricks and techniques for making Roman Shades. To get this information, simply visit makingromanshades.com forward slash free gift. So up the top of your browser, go ahead and type www.makingromanshades.com forward slash free gift and you'll get instant access to 20 more videos on how to make Roman Shades.