 Hello and welcome to our short video presentation on how to clean up a tomato stain and also a mustard stain when it comes to getting it out of fabric. So we're all of our videos on YouTube are in conjunction with the up stain removal. Now the up stain removal can be purchased from the App Store by simply clicking the link below. The app has over 30 different stain types with over 60 different remedies. All these remedies can be found inside your house or in your cupboard. So usually there's two remedies for each stain in this case when you use sunlight. Simply says before attempting to remove the stain on fabric use the edge of a butter knife and carefully scrape away the excess source trying to ensure you do not spread the stain. So the fabric can cool to order with a bit of liquid dish soap. We've waited for about 30 minutes, hang the fabric out in the sunlight for an afternoon to fade away the stain. Okay so we have our butter knife here and we're just going to start scratching away this like so. Okay so you can see there's a bit of a red tin left from the tomato sauce and also looking at the mustard there's got a significant yellow stain which is going to be interesting to get out. So at this point you can imagine when it does come to getting a tomato or mustard stain you don't want to rub it into the fabric because this is going to make your life a lot harder. So if you can do your best try and get rid of the bulk of it but don't actually rub it into the fabric itself. We'll throw in some dish soap into our sink full of cold water, give it a bit of a scrub. And this is what it looks like coming out so there's still a few stains on there and this is it in the sunlight in the afternoon. As you can see it's all gone, even the mustard stain so very happy with that result. I hope this helps. The up stain remover is you're ready to go stain remover up with simple fast affecting solutions for over 30 common household stains. Perfected by a family business running for over 35 years in the carpet cleaning industry. There's no old wives' towels, no long-winded chemical breakdowns or bulky video. Only relevant, easily applied solutions at work. In Grab yours by simply clicking on the link below.