 Alright guys, we're looking at, well first off I'm going to excuse my camera from this stuff a little bit. I know I see a little blush on there, I can't fix it after I replace it. So we got a washer here, a GE washer that stops me in cycle. Okay, what I've done so far is I've put it into diagnostics and read the air codes. We got an E22 and how you get to that point is you pull off the bottom panel. Okay. And the manual sits right here in this spot in a little bag. You just pull it off of there. It's got some double side tape that holds the bag on, comes off really easy. Obviously. See there's the bag. But you're going to open it up. This is what you get when you open it up when you pull it and fold it. You're going to go to the, I guess you use a page three. Page two, we have to, yeah it's page three. So it's page three on there. Okay. You're going to do that in the service mode. You have to unplug it. I powered up, okay. And then I'm plug it and make sure the door shut and then plug it back in. Go ahead and make sure the display is clear from the power button. And then do make sure there's nothing on the display and then do this key sequence. First signal, delay signal. Do that, you know, do that rapidly there. And it'll go ahead to the display. Come up and it'll say door locked. And then it'll, you hear the drain pump run and then it'll just come up with like a, I think it says T1 once it gets into the mode. Okay. I'll tell you the idea of the model. And then you come down to error codes, T2. And how you get to, how you do that is you turn the dial. You just turn the dial on the changes the service program. So we're going to go down to T2. And T2 shows us E22. And if you rotate the dial, there's no other codes. It's all you have in 22. So we're going to go from the page again. And on this manual, this is still problems. It's kind of, it's kind of loose there on what it's told me to go on. And this happened, it doesn't happen right away in the cycle. It happens on the inter-park of the cycle. The drain pump's working pretty good for what I can see. That's what it's telling you to do. If you want to look at the other codes here. Yeah, you guys can just pause it. I mean, there's stuff here. All right. And you still have these other codes right here. Let's just go on the side here. Well, okay, you hit start again. So you hit start again. We're having a more codes. What was easy? Was that something you had to work there? Was that something you had to work there? I was the tech staff there. You'll tell you which one's what. What action is to do with? And if it does any of the rest of that. All right. Let's do T12. Now since it's a fill issue. I'm going to back out of this. Let the power button back out of it. I don't think I want to go back and clear it. Hold start to clear the codes. Part of back out of it. They were going to go to 12. Got a whole side of it. Yeah, there it goes. What this is going to do is run through some stuff. I'm going to let run through this here and I'll come back. So it should get there's any issues. All right. The thing's not an automatic cycle. How you do that is you put it into the cycle. The first part is those pre-wash, mainwash, bleach, power software. And that shows you how to do that there. Start, start, start. And then you're going to power when you get to the end. So, well there it is. I'll go to the next trimmer. So that's how you confirm that the fabric software and everything is working like it's supposed to. And the very last one. We've got a whole power for the very last one. Or push power, not hold it. Because it's push power. I don't call it out except to do the keep. He danced to get back out of it. But that looks good. So we know it's feeling like it's supposed to. I will be honest and tell you that I was here the other day and found that it had some issues with the drain on it. The drain line will step down the drain so it could have been siphoning. I wonder if siphon break hose on it is clogged and that can be causing some of the issue. So we're going to go and look at that. Probably the next thing. We're going to look at that and see if it had any kind of clogging it. And then we're probably going to go ahead and do a full test run if it takes it. We have to just do a pump and blindly kind of do it because it's. That's the only thing that I got assigned of anything having the issue right at the moment is that just that pump. I don't know. The thing that I think is happening is that we're having like a siphon issue where once it gets to the drain and spin side that the water just keeps going out of it as it's filling in. And that that would come inside with the air code that we're getting as it has a fill issue. In other words, it's not letting no water in. It's saying it's not got enough water. But that can be both ways with that code. It could be having too much water. But then if that's the case, it should have shut off the valves. It should be a whole different ball game at that point. So it's got to be none enough water coming in. And that would be it would be if it was siphoning. So that's what kind of where we're at with it. Let's we're trying to find out if we can figure out the siphon. And like I said before, I ran some tests before. And then also it was siphoning in the most opportunity and opportunity times with it. So I think we may still have an issue with the siphoning on it. Let's go ahead and look at this hose and see if we can find it. Okay, so we got some screws on the backside of here. On the backside of the top panel, you can have to remove three of them. One, two, three. All right, guys. I think I found it. This hose right here. You can hardly see it. I'm looking at without the camera and I can't even see it. But it looks like this hose may be worn into. Right there. It's really, yeah, it's got a hole in it. It's right there. That's right there. Yeah, it's got a hole in it. That's what it is. It's a hose. And the thing is I ran the test for the fill on this. I ran it twice. I let it fill up and both times it filled up with no problems. And instead it was okay. Both times it was okay. But that's what it is. The hose has got a hole in it. What I think I'm going to do is just go ahead and cut it, splice it, put some of the hard core inside of it that way it won't matter. And I think that'll be good to go. I think that'll fix it. Easy peasy man. Good deal. I'm glad we figured it out. I've actually seen this something like this before. It's almost better to go ahead and just cut the hose on these if you can put like a, I don't know, something inside these hoses. When you go to remove these, break that seal on them. I don't know if they're putting, I don't know if they're putting like some kind of glue on them on the GEs. Because when you remove it, they don't like the seal when you put them back on. I bought brand new hoses and put them on there and they still don't want to seal. You have to actually put some kind of sealant on it to get them seal on these models from reason. I don't know why. It's not like that on any other model of washer. Like, we're pulled, you know, when you do all the brands, this is the only one that I say. And that's just this front load, this must model style that has that. When you go to pull the hose off of it, when you go put it back on, you create a leak. So, I would just go ahead, like I said, cut this into, trim it back, and find something with a hard core. Find something with a hard core. And just replace it. I guess something about battery go low for you quick here. It's already, it's going to make you stop filming. I'm just going to do a little rundown real quick and have it back together. You've got your screws on the front here. I didn't take it to move them when I first started. See? Front panel. There's screws at the bottom. And that's how you get that bottom panel off. There's just three. I don't know if you guys looked at my other washers, you can see where that's going on. But I think we're going to put that on there. We're going to call it good. If I don't add to this video, just know it's because my phone went dead. That's it. And just know that I, that's what it took to fix it. It worked. If I have any more issues, obviously I will definitely add to this video. Rather than that, like and subscribe. Man, I need subscribers, guys. If this is a video that helps you, man, please subscribe. It's how my channel grows. Man, if I don't get subscribers, my channel won't grow. And I don't get no, it just hurts me. So, help me, like I help you. Thank you.