 Hi, I'm farm2table chef Tekketompson.com and today we're talking about how to dry sage leaves by yourself. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to take the sage leaves with the stem still on them and I'm going to take about 3 to 5 inches down, we'll just give them a cut off the plant. So you still want them on the stalk and I'm going to just cut any damaged leaves that don't look very healthy, whether it be from bugs or stress, just to make sure that the strongest leaves are going to be dried in your kitchen and that way it'll make sure that as they're trying to dry they won't mold or be damaged either. So I'm just going to give them a rinse off, making sure they're real clean and I'm going to make sure they're real dry. So this is just to example but you want to make sure they're real clean and dry if you do this in your kitchen and then I'm going to take some twine and I'm just going to tie them at the end here. Just in a knot like so. The end of the stalk and so then you're going to take a brown paper bag and you're going to hang them upside down in the bag allowing them to have a balloon effect around. So I'm going to take the sage with the string still attached and I'm going to hang them in the bag and then I'm just going to close the bag around the stem just like so. And then I'm going to take the string and I'm going to wrap it around and then you can cut it off once you know you have enough and then just fasten it around the end like this. Make sure it's good and tight and then we're just going to take our scissors and we're going to poke holes in the entirety of the bag all the way around. Let's watch your hands are on don't slip please. Okay. And then you're ready to go. All you have to do is find a warm place that has plenty of inhalation and not too much sunlight and you hang them for about two to three weeks and they should dry. Now you want to check the bag and just make sure it's not molding or anything and if it is you want to change it or throw it away immediately just so it doesn't affect your sage but this is a really good way to dry sage at home and then you'll be able to have it all year round. I'm farm today with Chef Tekka Thompson at Tekka Thompson.com. Today we are talking about how to dry the sage. Thank you for watching.