 Welcome to Armstrong Growers' Greenhouse. My name is Wendy. I'm the head grower and specifically responsible for growing our point setty of crop. Today I'm going to give you some pointers on how to take care of your point setty as once you get them into your home. Point setty is like a lot of light. In our greenhouses we maximize the light when we are growing them. When you bring them into your home they want the same conditions. So put them in a right area. Try to keep it away from direct sunlight because the direct sunlight can actually fade the bra act and cause the flower to bloom out a little quicker. Point setty will thrive with high light conditions. A good example of where to place them would be near a window but not directly up against the window pane. Our point setty is our grown in greenhouses that have a temperature about 65 degrees at night and approximately 70 degrees during the day. If you can mimic that in your home that's ideal. Now I'd like to talk to you about how to water your point setty once you get it home. The first thing you need to do is determine whether or not it needs to be watered and you can do that by feeling the soil, putting your finger in a little bit and seeing if it's damp. If it is you don't need a water. If it's dry to the touch then yes it needs to be watered. The first thing you're going to want to do is bring it into a sink, take off the decorative pot cover and you are going to want to put water in it until you start to see the water come out the bottom. When the water is finished dripping then you can return the decorative pot cover to the pot and bring it back in the house. What we don't want to do is have the pot, the actual pot sitting in water. Please do not fertilize your point setty. They do not need any fertilizer at this point. Just clean water. Following our few simple tips you'll be able to enjoy your point setty throughout the holiday season. Here's a recap from today's video. This video is brought to you by Armstrong Grovers. Visit Armstrong for all your gardening needs.