 Hey everybody, today I'm going to show you how to make some hungarian goulash Texas style. Okay, first thing you want to do is get you out of nice heavy steel skillet and put one pound of 80-20 ground beef in there. Okay, now once you stir it around you're good and then add a half of a white onion. Okay, stir it up and get your onion to it starting to get translucent. And when that occurs, I want you to take it and drain the fat out of it because it ain't no good for you. Now, once you get that fat drained, I want you to put her back in the pan and I want you add a 10-ounce can of rotail and an 8-ounce can of tomato sauce. Okay, stir that in real nicely. Oh yeah, baby. And that's what do that we're going to add some spices. There is a half a teaspoon of kosher salt. Now you salt it to your taste, okay? That's what I put in was a half teaspoon. And here I've grinded in a half teaspoon of black pepper. All right, and now we're going to add one cup of frozen corn and one tablespoon right here of garlic powder, okay? And on top of that, I want you to add one teaspoon of paprika. You can use smoked paprika if you want to to make it a little hotter. This is already going to be kind of spassy with the rotail though, so be careful, all right? Now, stir that all up real good. And now we're going to add two cups of cooked elbow macaroni, all right? Stir it in there real good. And guess what, y'all finished now. So easy. I thought I might let you see a little bit of this for a minute. I call it food porn. Ha ha. You know what I'm saying? But anyway, once you get it all mixed up real nice, it's time to serve it up. So you got to do it. Just put it, just get yourself out of plate. Now the big spoon and some of it up. Ha ha. This stuff's good folks. And then on top of that good hot dinner you want to put you some grated cheese of your choice. Oh my goodness, it's good. Serve it with a big salad. Just so delicious. Well folks, there's my Hungarian goulash, Texas style, the way I make it. Probably not even close to real Hungarian goulash, which it isn't. But it does have the paprika, you know what I mean? Folks, give this recipe a try if you would, I think you'll like it. Actually I think you'll love it. And y'all have a really good day here. Ah.