 The Vietnamese Vuck. Probably the most famous dish in Vietnam. Don't be deceived by how simple it seems. A lot goes into making vuck. Thankfully my mother-in-law is pretty amazing. Geng thang me. For today I'll be using ox tail and beef short ribs. But you guys can use any beef cuts that you like. Manos ala ove. Wash your hands. They're really washed any meat that you're using. I like to wash my meat with really hot water. Fill a large bowl with cold water. Place your beef inside and let it rest for about 30 minutes to an hour. And this is going to help draw out a lot of the blood. After about 30 minutes of letting the beef rest, drain the water. You can actually see the blood that's come out of the beef. And give it one more rinse. Next go through your meat and trim off any pieces of excess fat. Fill a pot with water. Add to high. Once the water's boiling, go ahead and add all of your beef. Cover. Allow to boil for about 15 minutes. Drain. What this step does is it removes a lot of the impurities. There really rinse your meat again. Be sure to scrub really well around the bone edges because there's a lot of debris that you don't want in your stock. Be sure to wash your hands before moving on to the next step. For our broth, these are the aromatics we'll be using. Onion. Star anise. Cucumber seeds. Whole cloves. Coriander seeds. Pepper corn. Cinnamon sticks. Black cardamom. Ginger. On medium heat, we're going to toast our aromatic spices just until they release their fragrances. Transfer to a spice bowl. If you don't have a spice bowl like this, don't worry. You can also use a cheese cloth. Just be sure to tie it really, really well with cooking twine so your spices don't leak out. So I'm going to be using about a palm size of ginger. It's about the diameter of a golf ball. Finely slice your ginger. Put a medium sized onion in half. Lightly charred the ingredients. If you don't have a cast iron skillet, don't worry. My mother-in-law actually likes to do this directly over a hot flame. Set aside and let's move on to the next step. Here are all of the ingredients that we'll be using to season our fub broth. To a clean stock pot at all of your beef, our charred ginger, our charred onion, our charred cinnamon sticks, about a ping pong ball sized rock sugar, our spice bowl with the aromatics, fish sauce, salt, at about six liters or 24 cups of pot water. Turn your heat to medium high. Leave your stock pot uncovered. The first hour of cooking fub is the most important because you're going to want to keep skimming the surface of the stock to remove any impurities. You don't want this in your broth. This is why my mother-in-law says fub is a labor of love. After 30 minutes, you want to reduce your heat to medium low. You have to keep tending to the pot. This is why prepping your meat before cooking fub is really important because we removed a lot of the impurity before beginning the cooking process. So thankfully, we're not going to have too much scum on top of our broth to remove. It's been about three hours since I first started cooking my fub broth. You can tell that some of the water is evaporated. So what I'm going to do now is add about four more cups of water to the broth and it won't affect the integrity at all. Alright guys, so my fub broth has been cooking for about five and a half hours. During the last 30 minutes of cook time, you're going to taste your broth, season it to your own personal liking. I like my fub broth to be a little sweeter so I'm going to add some more rock sugar. Allow this to cook for another 30 minutes. After six hours drain your broth. After draining your fub broth, set aside your meat. After a long six hours of cooking our fub broth, you should end up with a little less than three liters. What we're going to do now is allow this to cool completely. Add it in the fridge overnight and in the morning I'll show you the next step what we do. The morning after is when you're going to scum all of the solidified fat on top of the broth. This trick is what's going to give you that really clear fub broth. So this is what your fub broth should look like after you scummed up all of the fat. For those of you guys who have never made a broth made from beef bones before, you may be surprised at how gelatinous this is and I know it seems a little weird but there's a reason for it. During the cooking process the bones release collagen and the collagen as it's cooking then becomes gelatin. So if you guys didn't know that's with Jello and all of our favorite gelatin products are made from beef bones. So don't forget when you see this gooeyness. Once we heat this up again it's going to liquefy and be amazing fub broth. Now we're going to reheat our cooked beef using the fub broth that we have. Add your cooked beef to a pot. Add your fub broth. Turn your heat to medium high and you're going to leave this on the stove until it's out of rolling boil and all of the fub broth has liquefied. You can see here it's starting to liquefy. Leave it uncovered. Thoroughly wash all of your vegetables. Drain your vegetables. Thinly slice an onion. Place your onions inside a bowl. Add some ice water, a tablespoon of lime juice, mix and set aside. What this does is take the bitterness away from the onion. Add some cilantro that we've washed. Set aside in a small bowl. Remove the white portion of the green onion. You can throw these away or you can dry them and then use them in another soup stock. I'm going to top some green onion. Set aside along with the cilantro. After about 30 minutes, drain your onions. To your white onion, add the cilantro and the green onions that we chopped earlier. This will be one of our toppings for our fub dish. I'm going to be using cooked Vietnamese meatballs as a topping in my dish. You can omit this if you want. If you do decide to use these, you should give them a rinse. Flicing quarters. Now if you can't find rehydrated fun noodles, don't worry. There's another brand that I use. There's just another step to that process and I'll leave that in the description box. We're going to blanch them in boiling hot water for just about 10 seconds. Remove them and immediately put in icy cold water before serving in our serving dishes. Place the desired amount of noodles inside a serving bowl. I'm going to place some ox tail, some short rib. Because my husband's built, he gets two ox tails, our meatballs, some of our vegetable toppings that we prepared earlier. For my husband, fuh is not fuh unless it has some very thinly sliced raw beef on top. For me, personally, I don't like this, but it's totally up to you guys to each their own. So my husband tells me is that the beef, you push it way down to the bottom. So it can cook. And now it's done. What my husband likes to do in a small dish is he puts some hoisin sauce along with some sriracha and a squeeze of lime juice. And he uses that as a dipping sauce for the meats. We have some mint, soft tooth coriander, bean sprouts, Thai basil, but you can use anything that you want. Try it now. Let's see if it's good. Real good. Restaurant quality. Thank you sweetheart. I love you. We too. Focus in. Thanks for watching. If you guys like this video, don't forget to like and subscribe for more recipes. Bye bye. Swerfe.