 Everybody loves a good crumble but this one really takes the best get thanks to you. This crumble has a base of apples which we're going to cook off in lemon, butter and a pinch of clove. We're going to make a toffee sauce from these and some cream and then a selection of crumbling ingredients that we're going to come to later on. Can I just tell you how excited I am by the prospect of a top-the-apple crumble? You can, you just have. Next up we're going to take our apples. I'm going to give them a quick peel. So, Jay, if you grab a knife, basically you want to get rid of the core and chop them into thumb-sized pieces so yeah, you can either cut all the way down perfect and just leave it down before. Now we're going for granny Smith apples because they are quite sharp, quite tart and obviously we're mixing this with toffee sauce. I didn't like the idea of a pink lady. No, for a granny, just because they're, if I'm honest, they're not. They're cheaper and the fact that we're going to stew them down is better. So, I'm going to heat our pan up. It's into here. I'm going to place another butter and we're going to start to cook our apples in the butter with two ingredients that somebody said, we lift apple and I completely agree with them. A squeeze of lemon juice in without butter and a pinch of clove and what that does is just really lift the apple flavour. Now, this is just by you guys completely green, apple and clove, always a marriage made in heaven. So, let's just add lemon also, not stop it from going brown. It does at this stage, if you would store it, but here it's just about the acid, it just helps to cook, make it even more tart, which is going to contrast with our sweet toffee sauce. All of our apples into that hot butter with clove and the lemon juice. Now, that's the apple bit done for now. So, next up, our toffee part. So, into a pan, basically, if you can put some butter, lots of dark brown muskabada sugar, a good glug of cream. That will come out of one. Plenty of golden syrup, about 200 mil, if you want the exact quantities, check out the link below for the toffee sauce, ready to go. So, that's going to go on. Bring it up to a bubble and boil it away for 10 minutes. It comes really dark, really sticky, bit like toffee and we'll cool that over apple in just a moment. For our crumble, we need to combine a few ingredients so we've got flour. I like making crumble. Why do you like making crumble? You can get into it. Obviously, you can use a machine if you want, but this cold butter rubbed into flour and then it's a matter of sweeping up with some brown sugar and we're adding two ingredients into this that make this a bit different from the average crumble. Okay. Porridge oats, which gives a crunch and a chew. That was just so. Plus, I think this was genius. Somebody said ginger snap biscuits. Ginger and apple, always a great combination. We've already got the cloves and the toffee and toffee and ginger work. So this is a real warming crumble. All I'm going to do is snap up a few of these. So you're all rubbed in. Now we can add in all of our sugar, porridge oats, good handful of and all these crunched up, ginger and up biscuits in there as well. Give that one big mix together. We have our dish. So we put our apples in there like so. Gienerous drizzle of this thick toffee sauce. Wow. That's why we use the really dark muskete. We use our sugar. And then you want to crumble away. Yeah. On top of that. Just going to be a bit of a scatter. Looking great. It's entirely up to you how thick you go with the crumble. Should be in ratio to the fruit, I think. It's a personal thing. I think sort of two thirds fruit and a third or maybe even three quarters fruit, just of course, it's just a top layer. And then that needs to go into a hot oven 180 degrees Celsius. We're about 15 minutes. The apples will top your sorts of bubble up. The crumble will go golden. That would be one hell of a crumble. Yes. Oh, laying out of that. Now careful because toffee is super hot. But that is great for an awesome dessert. It's our Toffee Apple crumble. Sort it. There we go. Look at all that toffee apple sauce in the bottom. More if you want it. And then entirely up to you. Cream custard. No. Or no. We asked you in a live recipe lab, what should we be serving? Should it be custard? Should it be cream? I came up with the words ice cream. And you went mental for it. That's what we're going for. Have some of that. Careful with Toffee will be hot. That's like flavours and sensations of family comfort food. I'm going to put this out there. That's my dear one of the best dessert. Best dessert. It's our best crumble. Wow. And we've done other crumbles before. You can check those out in the annotations at the end of the video. I'm going to give this one a go. Please make it. And please tell us how you get on. And send us photos, Instagram, hashtag, sorted food. Write it in the comments box below. Send us pictures to Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, to Pinterest, whatever you do. Talk to us. Make it.