 Well, got to wash the machine, not drain. When you put this down, you should hear a click. If you watch, if I push on the side, there it is. It sounds like you got some coins in the bin also. I'm going to lift this drain out and show you how to change out the lid switch. I'm going to really weigh it. I can just go ahead and start. There's two screws that hold the back access panel on. This is on a compact stackable washer dryer. Nice for tight spots and hallways because you can take the front panel off to gain access to the motor and the pump and the coupling. These are nice and easy to work on for these applications. I'm just going to start by doing this one screw there. Here I'm going to make sure we got a nice tight connection on the dryer. This is a good, nice and easy thing to do. You can see the water is nice and easy. You can access the lid switch, leave my six and one and a quarter inch nut driver over here. Pull out my flat nut, quarter inch nut driver. Right back here, on this side and on the other side, there's two nuts there. Not that easy to see, but you know what you're looking for. You can just kind of feel for it. That light there, you can see that there's probably not. I can kind of put a picture from another video on there so you can see it. I've got it anyway. I can't see either, so I'm just doing a blind here. Pull out the quarter inch nut here. I'm going to put it in there. I'm going to put it in there. That's doing pretty bad. I want to mess it in there for a while. Now we're able to move the lid forward just a little bit. Slide it off of its feet. Right in front here is the disconnect. I'm going to turn the machine off by pushing the knob in and then just connect. I want to make sure we get those out because they can run down into the pub. Now when you pull this lid off, you want to be careful because if the back there is these two tabs that are quarter inch nuts pass through. These things fall out pretty easy. They're a little bit tricky to get back in. You can see how they are here. I need some people put a piece of tape across the back here so that they won't fall out. I don't really need to do that bit. Here goes the place in the lid. On the inner portion of the door we got two Phillips screws. Hold the lid switch in. I've got to tell you that they really need to come up with a better design for these lid switches. Where are these people? New lid switch. I'm going to show you. It's just a plastic and the way these are set up, they just break really easy. This is where your two screws go in. You can see right here, not the strongest piece of equipment in the world. Lots of people are dropping the lid right into the switch and all that. So it definitely takes a lot of abuse. You want to make sure when you tighten these screws down for the new one, but you don't tighten them too tight. It's really easy to split the switch apart and then you're going to have to start all over. I actually brought two switches with me just in case because like I said, these are not really built the best. Someone please. Design a better switch. I want to appreciate it. Now we're able to remove the existing switch, what we've got to do is remove the ground wire here and the screw. Okay, which is right there. Now the rest of it is just telling you that clips are going to move to stick the ground wire off the screw here. And switch it out of these clips and then as well as press on our other deal out of these clips there. Okay, and we're going to mimic our new one. As you can see it comes with this long gray hose. And this gray portion often gets in the way. So what we're going to do is trim this about here and then the full of wires through. First, like so. Okay. And then we can bend this to break it. We can bend it back and forth a bunch of times. And it'll just break off as it gets more hardened. Or you can just trim it off with a plate. And then we'll just trim it off here. Once on each side and then we're going to get our switch here. We're on the ground back. So, and then just tuck these up and under. Just clips that hold it in. You don't want to use your screwdriver to lower these down. You got to tell you all the edges inside the washing machine are pretty sharp. These ones aren't so bad, but there are some worse ones inside. So you do want to be careful. You don't need any unnecessary scars. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. We're going to anchor it. We want to make sure this is kind of out of the way of where the this portion goes. So then it's not pushing it. Next thing is the ground screw here. Go ahead and put this out just so that it can a little bit underneath the clamp there. Let's sit that onto our wire. And it's got a lock nut here. And this is just a core wrench nut here. And this portion on. And then we're going to tuck this under this clip right here. Just pull this through. It's not going to get in the way. Okay. And then we'll fold our wiring and set our deal here. So that this kind of holds the wiring back. And also lines up with the screw holes here. There we go. Okay. Now we can put our screws in. Now you want to make sure that when you pull this, it can click and and also unclick. You're going to want to kind of set it so that it can click and unclick. This one seems to be only clicking there. You want to make sure that it can click and unclick. That's kind of the tricky part with these things. Okay. So now we have our two Phillips screws. And then we'll add them in this way. And this. Anyway, once we get it lined up, get the Phillips screws started by hand. And again, you don't want to tighten these two tight. I just want them to be snug, hold their ground. Now split the thing apart. Again, I'm still hoping someone's going to design a better switch because, like I said, these are kind of problematic. So now what you want to do is check to see that it clicks when you close it, but that it unclicks when you open it. There we go. This is exactly what we want it to do. And so it seems tight enough in there that we're good. It clicks and unclicks. Now we're ready to put the machine back together. Okay. We're going to fold these feet down on the back portion. Put our lid back on. The machine itself. So we're lining the back things up and then reconnect your disconnect. There we go. Just connect back. And then we slide it onto these two feet, one here and one here. We're ready to put our quarter inch nut back in place. Now this can take a little bit of fuel in around to find them here. Which is easier by hand. So just insert it down into the hole and feel for it. That rack out of there. And same on the other side. Okay. And got it started there. Pretty lucky there. And then go ahead and tighten both of these up with a push and pull the nut down. Shoulder down. Okay. And just tighten it down both sides. And now we're ready to test the machine. So we're going to go ahead and start it and open our lid to make sure that it stops. Close our lid and make sure it starts back up. And open our lid to make sure it stops. Now I want to get the coins out of there because they are going to cause this trouble if we don't. Okay. Got one. Quarter. And a penny. There it is. There's my two cents. So. And a dime. Okay. So that's all the coins. Now it's important to get these out because they could go down and clog the impeller. And we certainly don't want that. Oh, it's not there. One minute. Good to get it. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.