 And this is how to re-appelster a couch part 2 of PULSTER the couch. Okay, so here I'm showing you how to pin your pieces down to your fabric. It's quite very simple. Yeah, you just want to take your pins or your safety pins. And you don't have to use push pins like I did. This is a head for some purposes. If you say your pins are the best you have, but you just want to pin all your pieces down. I iron my pieces down because I didn't, you know, that's just an anchor step. But you know, just smooth it out. Smooth it out. All the creases and the folds. I took up all the seams of the head like a seamen. I took that apart because you need to be able to re-sold out that seam back together and your new fabric. So I'm just showing you how I pin it down. Now it's easily simple. You just want to smooth, smooth the fabric and pin it. Make sure it's flat as possible. You're smooth and also going to give it a big bump. And now I'm cutting my piece out. Just trying to be as exact as possible. Sometimes I'll cut it like I said before. I cut it a little bit bigger, but you know, this time I'll just follow the lines. And put and cut and put and put and put. Just cut. See, this part, a pastry part is actually a part of stripping a little couches when you know it's more tight. Tire some on. You need to think it's not hard. Just tiresome. It's got a lot of clothing and hanging on it. But this part is cut out through. So now I am showing you. That's forwarding through. Getting out of a piece of the couch. Well, this is the very front of the couch, like the bottom. The bottom piece that goes in front with the legs are in front of it. Most of the time. You see, I'm just smoothing it out. It's a little bumpy because you know, it came off the couch. The couch has its own curves. So the fabric, all fabric, might have molded to the shape of the couch. But it really won't matter. Just as long as you get the basic shape, basic shape is fine. Any triangle squares, pivots, points. Okay, so now I'm showing you. I cut out my first two pieces, which was the side, that you see me pulling down right now. And the long piece that was going across the very front of the couch. I sewed those two pieces together. And now I'm putting them on the front of the couch. And this is the last part of the stripping. Remember when I said the last part that you take off is the first part you put back on. So this is the very last part that I took off. And this is the very first part that I'm putting back on. And you may see me stopping by a little bit because it was getting on Thursdays. So I had to know it, you know, I think Millie was saying something about some daily that got pushed off the cliff. She could have pushed her's not good, so I made that. But yeah, I know it's going on. I came this my stand up. So yeah, right now I'm just securing the staples into the wood or securing the fabric. I'm just securing the fabric into the wood. And you want me to pull it tight and staple it down. So I had my piece cut out, cut it out previously. This was the second to last piece that I took off. But this second to first piece, I was second to first piece that it is going to go back on. I took in that flap inside the couch because that has to be secured inside the couch. You just smooth it out. And you're going to secure the top first to the wood and make sure that you staple it to two of the wood. I made a mistake of stapleing too high sometimes and then I had to take those staples out. And then we stapled it which isn't, you know, they came out easy. It wasn't like I had to go back and get the fire or the screwdriver. I mean, it's that head screwdriver. But just wanted to make sure that you're getting it into the wood. Just smooth it out. And then just do some secure staples going back a little. See you right there. I had to take that one off. And this, let me just securing it. It's some of my head to take it out because when you cover that section, you saw some of the staples on top. But I ended up taking those out and just, you know, restaping pretty easy. And then, now at the top of the secure, you want to secure the bottom. Pull it tight and staple. I just do some extra staple in here just to secure it. Like I don't want it to pull. Sometimes you don't get the staple doesn't go all the way through. So you just want to make sure that all your staples are in there. Or you just do a lot of staples because you won't want to take your couch completely apart if the couch becomes all loose again. If that would just be bad. So just do an extra staple. And you can, you leave the extra excess fabric, but I kind of figured it might create some bulk. And the side, it might not have a better state to start. So I just took that, cut that part off. And it was probably on what four inches does a hair. And now I'm securing the very front of the arm. So the top is done. You create tension through the bottom. And now that's the back. So the top, the bottom, the front. And now I'm pulling the back real tight. And this should be super tight. It's just a small piece that gets that corner in the back part of the couch. Real tight. So just staple and secure it. And this is the last part of this video. I'm just going to show you that I'm securing the batting back to the side of the arm. And that's part two. And this is the last part of the arm. And this is the last part of the arm. And this is the last part of the arm. And this is the last part of the arm. And this is the last part of the arm. And this is the last part of the arm. And this is the last part of the arm. And this is the last part of the arm. And this is the last part of the arm.