 For this week's cooking video I wanted to one of my favorites which is lamb's liver and onion. A lot of people turn their nose up with lamb's liver it's actually a very very healthy food for you it's good for you it's high in the end high in zinc. The rates are a little bit of flour, plain flour, you can obviously see some liver with the 80 flour that liver. Once the liver has been dusted and flour it's then fried off just to brown it. You put it on the frying pan you put butter on the frying pan personally I just keep a frying pan dry. It's so nice and light cooked in the flour. The idea of the flour is it's hips to thicken the gravy over the gravy you get a beautiful rich gravy with liver. A quick lot of frying pan on a moderate heat. More heat. Where that's cooking we need to chop up a lot of onion. Chop the f Butler course. As I've said, the food put, put the raw oil in here. Add the onion and garlic. Add the onion and garlic. Add the onion and garlic. Add the onion and garlic. Add the onion and garlic. Add the onion and garlic. Add the onion and garlic. Add the onion and garlic. Add the onion and garlic. Add the onion and garlic. Add the onion and garlic. Add the onion and garlic. Add the onion and garlic. Add the onion and garlic. I put the potatoes,aker, инfraign food. Add tempting food. I joke the leek and crochet it, that's also very tasty. If so, پ Cut thean. We made it with a platter. We made it the way we made it, and Fry it into Foreß. Now, at the end we can find just the flavors reacting with onions and onions. These slices just show us a few preparing ingredients for the taste. From the liver, we're going to put a little bit of water in here. Put the hot water after the soup. Put the onion, the good dash, the oyster sauce. Put the that 국o to the school, and some olive oil. got it browned now. Now you're going to have nice and soft, now. Get off the lever. Put a little sugar on the pork and mix well. Don't trWhy anyone will think it isn't so goodïatur mix it with ´orry gez goals This is a simple dish through those in mushrooms. Here you go. In there as well. You can clean the pan. Let's get covered up. In there we're pretty roving. For about 45 minutes. Open the warning Eddie. My last cooking I'm going to prepare the vegetables. I'm going to make chips. That's actually potato in its full of chips. Chip called potato is the dual-colder. The bag and the freezer. I've mentioned before. Bon expo. This potato pre-hat is an excellent device. It's so simple and it just does its job. The potatoes are sliced. The easiest way to slice them is to cut the strip off. Then cut them that way. Even for roughly half an inch thick. Half an inch is a perfect chip. 5.460. 4.080. That's just about half an inch. Obviously half an inch square. It's not that pretty good. But half an inch square is a perfect size for a chip. There's a chip there. That one's slightly big. This one here. That is a perfect chip. It's slightly more than half an inch one weirboard. These chips are important to some cool water. Just to wash them with a starch all of them. Because these are really chips, I'm going to cook them in a really chip pan. Ideally, it should be cooked and driven. But unfortunately, the driven makes the house stink. So I'll be in two of them. I'm going to do them in the next step of the line. I'm going to make sure they're nice and dry. All the water off them. The oil has been preheated. I'm going to be careful when you first put them in. There's an oil that's going to go over the floor. You never ever put a chip pan on and water will leave it. You must stop the kitchen all the time and keep an eye on it. The chips are cooking. A little bit of the casserole. Just a little bit of plenty of liquid in. I'm going to use a little bit more water in. I'm going to put it up a little bit of green salt and just a second of green. The green is already fairly thick because it has absorbed the flour that will cook the lower end. That looks pretty good. It will cover it up with a pack of yarn. Maybe these chips are virtually cooked now. But there's a little bit of knee-migluck in. They want them to know some brown. The way it does is take the water to the oil, let them rest and let the oil heat up once again. That's been about two minutes now. These chips are starting to go up round. I want to do it once more, let them rest, let the oil warm up and put them back in again. I'm going to put some chips in. Make sure it gets plenty of the nice rich gravy. Once again, it's time to see it. Thanks for watching. Thanks for subscribing and bon appetit, boni-ar. That's the lovely, really nice. It's a tender.