 Hey guys, I'm Roxie and I'm Ben and together we are so vegan. So today we are in our kitchen with the Ganyu and we are making a delicious DIY cashew milk. So we've soaked our cashews in hot water strained from the kettle for about 10 minutes. This softens the cashews down so when they're in the blender they blend really easily. So we're going to pop them straight in here. That's our cashews done. Then we're going to add a module date. This is going to add a little bit of sweetness and the dates are full of fiber as well. And we've got half a teaspoon of vanilla extract for flavor. A little secret. We're going to fortify this with two tablets of B12. Yep. This is optional so you don't have to do this but it's a great way to add in a bit of actually B12 into your diet. And then we're going to finish off with 750 ml of water straight from the water filter. In it goes. I'm just going to put the lid on and we're going to blend this. It's a lovely creamy cashew milk. Great so that's been blending for about a couple of minutes. So we've got a sieve set over a large mixing bowl and then we just place this piece of muslin aka cheesecloth on top and that's going to catch all that pulp when it goes in. So we're going straight in. Fantastic. Awesome. So if you don't have a muslin or a piece of cheesecloth this part isn't actually essential. You can just drink it with the pulp in it but using this piece of cloth means that you're left with a sort of creamier and sealed here and smooth and milk which we actually love. So just going to pick up the corners of the muslin and then gently ease the milk through it. Cool I think that's done. Yep. So that I've got a bit of pulp left in here and we can pop that in the oven and bake it for a little bit and use it as a flower or I quite like having it on toast. Yep there's loads of nutrients in this so there's no point thrown away in new way in a variety of ways. Cool so we're just going to remove the sieve and then we're going to transfer the milk into a measuring jug to make it easier to pour into a milk bottle later on. So we've got these fancy milk bottles which we're going to use to store the milk in the fridge. And our cashier mum has ready to go. We're going to pour it straight into the bottle. Pour it over there. Lovely steady hand there but amazing right to the top. This can stay in the fridge for up to three to five days in an airtight container and just make sure you give it a little shake before you use it. Should we do a taste test? Yeah let's go. Cheers. So rich and creamy. Just some colour like that in from Carcadise. The dual date has that sweetness as well. It does doesn't it? It's that perfectly sweet. Really do.