 Hey guys, it's Easy Does It from easydoes.com. That's Easy Does It.com. Or Amazon reviews you can catch with there too. I've been on there a couple of times. I wanted to show you something that got in the mail a couple days ago. I thought it was just the coolest thing. If you guys like Belgian waffles, you're going to love this. It is the cuisiner vertical waffle maker. That's right, it's vertical. You heard me. Now I had an oaster which is one of the rotatable ones. You pour the batter in, you flip it over and it cooks. After a little while, it lasted about a year and it was like $39. This one just came out on the market a few weeks ago I believe. I got it from Amazon.com. It was a little expensive. It was $82 for a waffle maker. But hey, I love Belgian waffles. So I got it. Came in the mail a couple days ago and it is absolutely fantastic. I just love it. And I wanted to show it to you because it was so cool. Let me slide this guy in here and there it is. Vertical waffle maker. It's mine going. It's got 800 watts of power. I've used it several times. I want to show you how it works. On the front here, it's got your temperature down. It depends on how you like your waffles. You plug it in, you set your temperature. Now I've set mine between 3 and 4 as well like it. You're going to hear a beep beep beep. That means it's ready. So after you mix up your favorite Belgian waffle mix, you pour it into this cup, which is a perfect amount for this guy here. Once it's closed, you pour it in after the temperature beep beep beep. So let you know it's ready. You pour it in your batter. Now, if you're going to be able to beat again, let you know that your waffles are ready and dug on it they are. Beep, once it's done, you open it up. And your waffle comes out right here. It is fantastic. Like I said, I've used it several times. The waffles come out great. It is the queesnart. You can get it at Amazon.com or wherever small appliances sold I would assume. It's got 800 watts of power. It works really well. And I just wanted to share that with you because it is so cool. A couple things I like about it. It's got a non-stick coated surface. All this is non-stick. I seasoned it with some spraying. I like that like pan butter spray. I think I used it. It cooks from the bottom up. And the waffles just come out perfectly golden brown. It's just fantastic if you guys like waffles. This is the one to get so far. I've liked it. Now I hope it lasts longer than a year. And the Oster did. Here's the box. This guy came in. Like I said, he came in a couple days ago. It's really great. Hey, if you have any questions or comments, just give me a shout out. I just wanted to put this up there for you so you guys can see the new waffle maker. You guys have a great day. Easy does it out. The new waffle maker. You guys have a great day. Easy does it out.