 In this video you are going to see Kevin and I try the Gadiva dark chocolate pudding the white chocolate vanilla bean pudding and the chocolate pudding These were a dollar sixty-nine at Crowder and we had never seen them before so we thought we would try them We're actually going to try all three of these in this video But they're going to be over the course of a couple days So let's try the white chocolate vanilla bean first It says in the package of The powder it's 80 calories of course you can't really eat it that way You use with a half a cup of 2% milk it is 130 calories and it makes five servings So all you need it's five it says it's five minute pudding. I don't know why it says five minute pudding you take it out And it just has a package like this And all you need is Two cups of milk You pour your two cups of milk in and You whisk this for two minutes and And then you pour it into your cups and it says it's it's a soft set in five minutes But really for best results you need to leave it in the refrigerator for 30 minutes So we're going to be leaving it in there for 30 minutes and it says for It's for says for optimal flavor use 2% milk pudding will not set it made with non-dairy milk So now that so we are using 2% milk for this recipe So it's been two minutes that looks thick enough to me I am going to reuse the measuring cup that I put that my milk was in And I'm just gonna pour it right back in here and then I'm going to Divide it out into my cups from here because I don't want to make a mask. I'm trying to avoid a mask So clearly we don't have equal amounts I Guess to get it completely Fire you would have to weigh these But this amount is what did I say 130 calories? Yeah 130 calories for about this much So it's it's not a lot of pudding But I guess if you think of it like when you buy a pudding cup You don't get a lot in your your pudding cup either so I'm not putting in the refrigerator for half an hour And then Kevin and I will be back to tromb well the pudding is set It's been 40 minutes in the refrigerator and when I was whisking this I really couldn't see the little Vanilla bean in it that you can you can really see it and It's pretty far Good texture That's an okay vanilla have I better than all but the flavor is different And I say vanilla bean it's not like a vanilla extract. It kind of an oh yeah, it's I don't know more natural vanilla maybe I think it's more yeah, I think it's more natural I think If I'm completely honest I think I like the cheaper brands better What is it the sack pack? To hang and don't they about like a it's hunts of different brand or something else I'll I'll like the Genie no no This is good don't give me your eyes really good. It's white chocolate vanilla bean Right, so it doesn't have a it doesn't taste like traditional like vanilla pudding. It's different No, there's nothing wrong with it, but it's it wouldn't be much Even though it says white chocolate and I love white chocolate I'm a I like white chocolate more than I like milk or dark But I still would not choose that just because I the other vanilla's are so much better I agree so Next you will see us either try the moat chocolate chocolate or dark chocolate. I'm not which sure which ones will make next We have what we made five of these so we have three more of these in the refrigerator So once these are finished then we'll make one of those in trowem for you But for you that's gonna be just a few seconds away today I thought I would make one of these at a time But since you don't get very much in your Serving size I decided to double up and I wanted to Also the reason I make them both of these is because I want to compare them I want to be able to have the dark chocolate and the regular chocolate side by side when Kevin and I review them and I want to see if there was a huge difference. So these you make the same way you're gonna You're gonna open them up. They come with a pocket like this And you're gonna use two cups of water you whisk it once again for two minutes and then you put them into your Serving caps Like I said the only thing that'll be in the only thing that'll be any different is that I'm going to double up on the serving size just because As you saw just a while ago the white chocolate It you just didn't get very much. I didn't feel like so So I won't show you putting it in the serving and Putting it in the the caps, but I'll just show you how it looks once you get it wet Here is the dark chocolate It's been about two minutes and I've decided I don't know why I didn't think before Instead of putting it in the little serving caps like this I'm going to Let it firm up in this ball in the refrigerator and then divvy it out from there Just get our servings out of there. I don't know why I didn't think of that before So I'll put that in the refrigerator for a minute. So that one is the dark chocolate and This one is the just the regular chocolate And I figured that you would enjoy seeing the The difference in the color between just the the regular chocolate and the dark And it is quite a bit quite a bit lighter as you can see Now these are gonna go in the refrigerator you it says they are already in Five minutes that they're soft set in five minutes, but for best results you need to refrigerate them for at least 30 minutes for me These will be in here in the refrigerator for several hours before our trauma and that's a good thing because Like I said, I'm gonna leave them in these big bowls and then when we want to serve in I can get them out from there and then you can get as much or as little as you want So I like that idea a lot better So I'm gonna get these in the refrigerator and the next thing you'll see is Kevin and I'll review it on Okay, I forgot to talk about the calories of these well the white chocolate was 80 calories per serving The just the regular chocolate is 80 calories per serving and the dark chocolate is 70 calories per serving so 10 calories Less, but we're gonna try just the regular chocolate first Come on I think I like just the regular old pudding back there Yeah You know what? It's good We're texture to it if you are a brand Snob then you're not gonna like what I'm gonna say right now because people are gonna think oh good I vote that's the best and you can't get any better than good. I vote well You would be wrong because this is lacking in flavor This to me doesn't have near the flavor of a one of those hunts Well, I'm putting back I mean that you can taste the chocolate you can taste the chocolate, but it's it's not near as good It's just not good chocolate. No, I promise you it's not as good. Okay, let's let's try the dark The texture is better without the cream you're There's some aftertaste there There's I Like a acidic I chemically aftertaste I don't get that but I do Yeah, I do not know what is in there something Between maybe it was from going from something sweet to something dark I don't know, but I did not care for that at all. I didn't get that But it's not what I would want to buy I would not buy any of these Get a very girl Jello putting yeah, yeah, the the Jello putting yellow Jello putting or the snack packs I would get those And once again if you're brand-stubbed You're not gonna believe me unless you get the two and have them side by side So you just have to trust me and and try the the snack packs if you've never had them before Because I would not buy any of these again. I'm getting that aftertaste for that dark now. Oh, yeah, it's terrible Like a orange peel like bitter. It's not good. It's there's something right away. I got it that it's just It's like very chemically and then the chocolate the milk chocolate or it does as I'm not chocolate just chocolate You can tell let's chocolate, but I promise it. It's just not it doesn't have the good full flavor of chocolate Like you would expect from this brand. I don't because if I were a diver I wouldn't want my name on that pudding. So anyone. I hope you enjoyed the video and thanks for watching You