 In this video you'll learn how to dry mint in the oven. Mint is a very prolific grower and you'll have loads on your hands during the summer. You can save a fortune by drying it for tea and culinary uses. It's Liz here from the herb guide showing you how to dry mint in the oven. Set your oven to 300 degrees Fahrenheit, 150 centigrade or guessmark 2. When it's come up to temperature turn it off. You could organize your drying session when you've been cooking and use the residual heat. Take some fresh mint and make sure it's clean and dry. If you're harvesting from outside the best time is after the sun has dried the moisture off the leaves. So long as you've grown it pesticide-free you'll have no need to wash it. Set a rack over an oven tray. The sort of rack you use for cooling cakes is fine. Lay them in over the rack. Put the rack into the oven and wedge the door open slightly. I've pushed an oven glove into prevent the door closing completely. Check the mint after an hour and probably it will take two hours but do check it after one hour and it's ready when it's brittle but still green and smelling strongly of mint. If there are only pieces that have gone brown then just discard them because they're burned. I like to pound my mint with a pestle and water to break down the leaves rather than use a grinder. It doesn't heat up the herb and there's less washing up and anybody who knows me will tell you I don't like washing up. I don't like making work for myself if it's not necessary. So put the whole herb in there's no need to strip the leaves off. The pounding will separate them as you can see. You can just pick the stems out when you've done. Put them into an airtight container. It can be plastic and see through like this but you'll need to keep them in a dark cupboard to prevent them getting damaged by sunlight. Don't forget to mark somewhere on the tub what it is you're storing. So thanks for watching. I hope you found the video useful. Give me a thumbs up if you have. Subscribe to my channel the links below and come and visit me at the Herb Guides where you'll find herb tips, how to grow herbs, cook with them, make simple home remedies and cosmetics. You really can save a lot of money by learning how to do these things yourself. The links are below. See you next time.