 Hey guys how you all doing today? Today we're cooking some burgers out on the old Weber. Now what we have is just a few ingredients here this is going to be I guess maybe sort of a patty belt. We have a Vidalia onion, one large Vidalia onion. We have some hot pepper bacon jam and it has red roasted red bell peppers all opinion peppers and of course bacon. Now that right there is some mighty fine stuff. I also have a pound of ground chuck, some sourdough bread fresh from the bakery. We're going to slice this up in good old slices. Then I have some cheese. I've got American and Swiss cheese and you can use any kind of cheese you want but those are my two favorite cheeses so let's get started. Alright yeah I'll just take that onion just slice it up and you know strips like that. The whole onion and we're going to start caramelizing these bad boys. So I've got this little ten-inch skill here and I put two tablespoons of butter in it and I've got it over about medium low heat and I'm going to throw the onions in and we're just going to cook these real real slow until they get nice and caramelized. They're probably taking about 30-40 minutes because we're going to cook them real real slow and we're going to add the onions in and then a little bit of salt. Just about just a couple little panches there and that's kosher salt so I'm just going to let these cook real real slow. Right here's that meat. This is one pound right here and I'm going to break it up in the three pieces so I have about third pound patties or so. Try to get try to get them as even as you can anyways. Looks pretty good. Now I'm going to make three equal sized patties out of this. Just take them and smash them down like that. I want to get them big enough to work on my bread nice so that looks pretty good there. Alright I'll get all of them done just like that. Now three our patties are done. We're taking hit them with a little bit of kosher salt on each side and they're good old crack black crack black pepper. Get a good good amount on it. Alright much better you like. Alright that looks good and we'll do the other side too. Here's our onions. They've been going for about let's say it's probably about 30 minutes or so and they still got a little while to go. They want to get these good good and caramelized. I'm going to add in I like to add in a little pepper. Add in a little bit of pepper and stir them up and I just got these over low heat all the way on low. Let them go for another 15-20 minutes. Alright caramelized onions they're pretty much done. You can take them a little farther and get them even more caramelized. Or whatever. I'm going to call that good right now. I'm going to pull them off and we'll get started on the burgers. Old Weber's ready for these burgers. I'm going to put two of them on right now. Get them on that grill. I'm going to throw the old lid on it. I'm going to let them cook for about two minutes then I'm going to flip them. Alright they've been going I don't know two or three minutes. We're going to give them a flip. Looking good. Let them put the lid back on another two or three minutes. These patties are kind of thin so I ain't going to take them too long to cook. About three minutes on that side. Looking pretty good. I'm going to move them over here opposite of the heat. I don't want them to cook no more because they're thin and we'll move on to the next step. Alright can y'all see now we got our beautiful bread that we had sliced. We sliced about a half inch to three quarters inch thick. I'm going to take some butter that I melted with a little bit of garlic powder. Brush on this side right here. Just like that. And this will be the inside. I'm going to go ahead and toast that just lightly. Just lightly. Let's go ahead and brush the outside here. I think I'll take a bit of second. Brush the outside probably almost done. Check on it lightly toast it. Go ahead and turn it over. Hit the other side. Alright got that side toasted up pretty good there. Man looking mighty fine I'll tell you. Alright we're going to take our hot pepper bacon jam. Take a good old spoon full of that. Put on each slice of bread. Good amount there. Oh yeah. We'll take slice the cheddar. Put on each one of the breads. Take that Swiss here. Put it on top of that one right there. Alright now we just take our caramelized onions. Put some of them on the bottom right there. Just like that. Maybe a little on the top too. Oh yeah. Take our patties. Take that one. And that one. Put it there. So just put the onions on top of the freaking burger. Put that there. Man look at that bad boy. Now just gonna sit him right there. Put the lid on top of the webber. Let him cook for a couple minutes like that cheese getting nice and melted. About five minutes has went by. Right there's what he's looking like. She's looking mighty fine. I don't know if you can see it real good. Everything is getting nice and melty. I'm gonna pull that off. We're gonna go try that bad boy out. You know already try this bad boy out. Just try to cut it in half. It's pretty dang big. I don't know if you can tell. It is pretty dang big. Oh yeah. Let's see what's inside. Oh man. See that GCN is right there. Oh man. Hold on guys. Gonna get the napkin or something. All right I'm gonna take a bite of this thing. Hang on doing it right in front of y'all bit. Here we go. All right guys I'm gonna tell you what. There I there is one mighty fine burger. I'm gonna tell you. All the flavors just go so so good together. That's probably one of the best burgers I've cooked in a long long time. There I there is the mac daddy of patty melts I'll tell you. But anyways guys I'm gonna let you go. I'm gonna get out of here. Cheers. Thanks for watching and I'll see y'all next time.