 Hey everyone, welcome back to my channel. So for today's video we have the Bahama mama bronzer So let's start with the packaging So here it is and it's cute little cardboard packaging So it's quite its little sleeve that I'll just slide off here and then here it is and it's cardboard packaging So it is using the inside Bahama mama. It's got a cute little mirror and the product is there So I've swatched a little bit on my hand, but I feel like I need a little bit more so just get a little bit more and Yeah, it's not super powdery or anything like that I only pressed lightly so you kind of have to push like a little bit hard to get it But it's not super muddier anything like that like it's quite a natural bronzy color. It's quite nice. So time for the face Okay, so now that we're done there is swatch on our hands. Let's get on to the face swatch So I'm so excited to try this like on my actual face because so many people have been going on about it and You ran, you know all my friends love it and Check it out. Yeah, you left it just like my face like I've broken out hard out so I'm trying to like cover it up but Sometimes you can't cover it So how I'm gonna try it today is I'm gonna use it as the contour and then I'm going to bronze my face with it Because it is like quite a nice dark color. I forget this in mirror So I'm like oh I can actually see myself Let's just put it there It was kind of a crap line Kill me See that's that's a good contour line. This is I don't know what happened there. I don't know what happened Just kind of Now for the brush to kind of blend it out So I already have like highlighter and my whole face on so I just wanted to see I didn't want to bronze up I see I see So now that it's on my face I quite like it's gone quite nicely It was a good contour line like I thought there was quite harsh, but it's actually kind of blended in quite nicely It looks quite natural too like it's kind of like Just naturally controlled everything It's not real muddy looking. It's not real like What do you call it like it's not real powdery or anything like that and it just it's gone on quite nice So I'm quite happy with that. I think that's quite not So I approve of the Bahaba mother Bronze and I think it was really nice and really quite natural and I brought this for They brought it for $15 because it was on the special. It's normally like 40 or 50 dollars in New Zealand So yeah, this was really really great So if you guys have tried it let me know in the comments below and if you haven't I reckon you should cuz it's definitely really really nice and it's like It's real easy to blend like it didn't just You know like the line it didn't stay harsh it blended out quite nicely. So I'm Quite excited for that. So thank you guys for watching and I'll see you on thing next one Bye By me it's race proved you but um, yeah, no Well shit