 What's wrong mate? I don't know how to do the Pavlova toppings. Are you trying to decorate your Pavlova? Well, I know what we can do. I think I've got a bit of cream here in the freezer. Oh cream. And we need our beaters to whip that cream up. Get it nice and thick. You know how to put your beaters into this? I'll work it out. Okay, I don't know, just break the tab. Is it important the beaters are cold? It is important the beaters are cold. It makes our cream better. How about the cream? Does it need to be cold? It certainly does, my friend. And that's why we also had kept it in the freezer for an amount of time. Alright, we'll get our cream to decorate our Pavlova. It's our very first Pavlova topping. Thank you. So we'll just beat this up until it starts to get thick. And I'm gonna be the wisings for good idea, after all the sad things. Oh yeah. Would you like to add icing sugar to the cream? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Would you like to add icing sugar to the cream? Oh okay, how much do we add? Just a bit of a tablespoon. Oh okay. That'll do. Would you like to add a bit of? Oh yeah. Let's taste this to make sure it's good. Oh that's perfect. Mmm, delicious. Creamy goodness. Alright, that's the base for our Pavlova topping. Nice. We're gonna get this on top. And then we're gonna just do a bit of a classic summer toppings with some berries and kiwi fruit on top of that. Oh okay. It's just nice and light and not too sweet because there's already a bit of sugar in the Pavlova recipe already so we don't really need to add too much. Get a bit of cream on the side too. I'm gonna get that all in there. We've got plenty to use. Just got some of that kiwi fruits which we need to just cut the skin off. I always wanted you to just cut the ends of the edge and then just slice the skin down. Some people like to use vegetable peelers but you want to use a little fairing knife. Two. The other Pavlova toppings you can use is pretty much whatever you like because the cream and the Pavlova recipe itself are quite plain so you could add chocolate. You could add nuts. You could add a bit of your favorite liquor to the cream to give a bit of flavor. Pretty much any fruit you like. A lot of people like to add bananas but I hate bananas so they're not going on this one. I'm sorry if that's your favorite thing. It's not happening today. Okay and then we're gonna cut the tops off the strawberries because some people actually want the decoration but honestly it's very annoying. You don't want to eat the tops. Demo? I don't want to eat them. Well, well, which? Yeah. Alright, I'm just going to quarter these strawberries. They're pretty big ones you can cut them however you like. Would you like to place your Pavlova toppings on there? No, I'll just watch. Okay. Alright, we'll go with the strawberries first. They look delicious. Maybe I should taste this for these. I think you should. They smell pretty good too. Mmm, yum. Yum. Yes. Alright. I'll stick the rest on so they actually stay. Hey little blueberries. Stay. So this will be just your delicious classics. Some of Pavlova. We're gonna have just basic Pavlova toppings there with the berries and our kiwi fruits. And of course the cream base because none of this would stay on our Pavlova. We didn't put the cream. That's our first topping. Mmm, yum. Finish. Yeah, you got it. Finish. I did it. I made a Pavlova. You did. Just don't tell people how easy it is. I made it. What are you reckon? That Pavlova is delicious. How easy was it? Oh no. It was a bit tricky.