 Alright, so as you can see I got a Ryobi 2800 psi gas pressure washer. So I'm going to do a quick unboxing of it. Open it up. I think most of us can agree this is a good sight when you're opening up any new engine and it's got Honda written on it. So here we've got the oil and the different tips, instruction manual. This one's piece is easier. I<|en|> All right, so there it is. Pretty cool. It's fairly solid feeling. It's actually pretty heavy. Yeah, it looks pretty nice. All right, let's go ahead and I'm going to actually read the instructions with this. $300, I want to make sure I do it right. All right, one thing I got to say is I just took very little setup. You basically just put the hose together, clapped this clasp this on, and away you go. And right by the oil filler cap you've got this little note here, which is awesome because I've read a lot of reviews. And it seems like a lot of them don't come with the exact mixture. You're supposed to have this is exactly 12 ounces. And it says put the entire bottle in. So this is basically any approved. I'm going to see if I can do this without a funnel. So just one last thing to clean. We'll see. Now you know what? I'm going to get a funnel. So trick is to pour it slowly. The last thing you want to do is have a bubble up and then get all over your brand new machine. Learn that the hard way with my motorcycle. And I'm kind of a nerd when it comes to this stuff I keep this bottle as a reference tool when I need oil again. I'll get the same exact stuff. Figure if the manufacturer says it's good then I'm going to continue to use it. So go ahead. Tating it up. Let it sit for a second here. All right. And now, zoom up a little bit and we'll check that level. Yep, it looks good. See if you can see that. So you can see it's glossy all the way up to the top. So we're good there. All right. I'll get my gas ready and we'll come right there. So we're going to go ahead and add the fuel now. I did put stabilizer in this. And I actually got a new fuel can as well. So it's got a nice little attachment here. Well, we'll see what that gets us. It's fairly full. A little side note. I used to fight the whole idea of these safety gas cans where you had to tilt them and then pull up. But I actually really like them now. I, with my old fuel fill, I would have had to have a separate funnel just for the gas. But with this, I'm good to go. So let me get everything connected and we'll fire it up. Let's try firing it up. I've not even attempted to pull it over yet. So let's see what it does. Okay, pretty cool. So I can pull. And the first pull is pretty weak. So. So. So. So. So. Alright, I'm going to try and put this pump protector in, which I've never done before. So let's give it a shot. I just got the stuff that Home Depot carries, power care. So apparently we just need to thread this on. And then. Give it a squeeze. Alright, there we go. So I can see a little bit of it come out there. So I think we're good. Yep. Alright, so that takes care of that. We're all set. So I give this unit a two thumbs up for sure. I've only had about 15, 20 minutes to play with it so far. So I can't speak as far as the reliability goes. But ease of setup was fantastic as far as a gas device goes like this. Really could not have been any easier. And I really do like the fit and finish. Everything is really well built. Even, you know, it's probably technically in its breaking period. It's like crazy and barely warmed up. So yeah, just a good looking unit as well. And I like how everything stores nicely. I could probably do a little bit better with that hose, but first time. And I see that looks like the tips just fit in here. So I'm going to go ahead and get those put in and put her away. So thanks for watching. As far as the area I did over here, I didn't use any soap. Now it's just doing a quick patch and you can kind of see, you know, there he is. I didn't get so well right here is how it used to look. So with a little bit of that concrete wash and giving it a good go over, it's going to look really good. So very happy.