 Hey friends, this is the Missive Wolfie from our half-acre homestead and I'm going to descale my wood stove kettle. Some of you may recognize this as my old kettle because I use this one now. When it's on the wood stove, it keeps the house from drying out. However, I don't know how well you can see that. That is mineral scale and it is all through this kettle. It is the only thing that stops me when this is steaming on the wood stove from using this kettle to grab a cup of tea to make a cup of tea. There's all kinds of fancy products out there. I read something in a book I don't know how many years ago and then recently I actually saw it on a program. I didn't see the whole process. I just heard someone say, did you put that oyster shell in the kettle? So what we're going to do is we're going to take some oyster shell that I keep eye by this for my chickens. It gives them something to grind their gullet and it also provides them with calcium. We're just going to dump them on a quarter cup in there and we're going to add some water. Now I've heard that if you boil oyster shell in a kettle like this, it will be scale it. Let's put this on the boil. We'll see what happens when this is done. Okay. This has been simmering with the oyster shell and water for about a half an hour on medium. Let's just see. Look at the color. Here comes pieces of oyster shell. I can only assume that you're supposed to boil a bigger chunk of oyster shell but this is all I had. So I'm putting some cold water in here so I can get my hand in there. Look at how cloudy that water is. Now I'm going to tell you folks the scale on here has built up over years. Okay. So see if you can see it's still in there so let's try. That's a lot of it has been taken off. Let's try the brush. And don't throw that out. That can go back to the chickens. However, it did get. You can see the metal right by the spout there. It did take a lot of the scale but this isn't going to do the job. So plan B. Alright. Now, just put some hot water in here. And I'm going to see about a half a cup of vinegar and we're going to fill it up to the line. And then we're going to boil that or simmer that for a half an hour. Okay. So I have boiled the all oyster shell and then I did lemon juice. And you can see the water coming out is cloudy and there is a lot of siltiness. But you know what? It worked pretty good. It didn't take all of it out but it actually took quite a bit. Maybe boiling oyster shell or vinegar water will work on less scale. I don't know. It worked but it didn't completely work but then my kettle was really badly coated. So I'm going to leave this one up to you guys to try. Take care God bless.