 What's going on Foodtubers, Tim Sheefear, full time human being, part time food and TGS. Athlete, World Champion, Free Rina and also a vegan. And back once again, this time it's Blueberry pancakes, great snack any time of the day but particularly good if you've got sweet tooth at breakfast. The standout health ingredients within this recipe for me are the blueberries, the flax seed and the apple cider vinegar plus we've got some maple syrup to top it up. When I went vegan I thought I'd never be able to have pancakes again because you've got to use eggs. Well it turns out you don't and I'm going to show you how. First things first, the flax seed. One of the things I really like about flax seeds is the rich in omega-3s which is something people tend to worry about when moving to a vegan diet because I think they can't get it without the fish. Tailor spin a flax seed, two and a half tablespoons of cold water and you whisk that up. Now that's whisked up I'm going to let the flax seed absorb the water so it thickens. And while that's happening take a tablespoon of coconut oil on a medium heat and let that melt. Next we're going to add 250 milliliters of almond milk to the flax seed mixture but you can use any dairy-free alternative that you'd like. Teaspoon of apple cider vinegar, so many health benefits to apple cider vinegar. I know people that drink a shot of it every single day, really good for the bacteria in your gut. Whisk that all up with the flax seed. Now the coconut oil is melted. Add that in there too. Now that's whisked up onto the next step. I'm going to start with 125 milliliters of wholemeal flour. One teaspoon of sugar, quarter teaspoon, my carbonate of soda, one teaspoon of baking powder, pinch of salt. The next thing we're going to do is pour in the mix that we made earlier. If you like you can make a well in the middle pour it into. Just whisking all day today. Next you add the blueberries, 80 grams worth or a large handful. And this way you get you one of five a day, although I'd recommend a lot more than five a day. I eat about 30 pieces of fruit a day. Bit of coconut oil in the pan, get that to melt. Make sure you let the pan get good and hot before you're ladling the batter to get a crispy golden pancake. This mix is going to make four pancakes and make sure you divide the mixture evenly. Now that I cook for a couple of minutes to get bubbles forming on the top and nice and golden underneath, then you flip it over. I can flip myself more completely than I can flip this pancake, but we'll have a go. There we go. Right, once this has the same time on the other side, I'm going to transfer it to this tray and put it in a preheated oven on a low temperature just so it stays warm while we make the others. You can add whatever you want to it. I'm going to add the classic yogurt, dairy free, of course, and some maple syrup. And I'm just going to add a small handful of blueberries. Let's have a taste. Bit of yogurt. The pancakes are quite savory, but the blueberries add a really nice bubble of sweetness, little pop of fruit zest. You can add what you want to it, of course. I want to keep it clean with a squirt of lemon that'll work really well. Or some coconut sugar. I want to see another great breakfast option I made. Head over to Drink's Tube and check out this movie. Also, I want to see more of my antics and free-running and vegan advice. Click right here. Don't forget to like and subscribe and hit me up in the comments below. Let me know what are the vegan recipes you'd like me to do on Food Tube. And if you make the recipe, send me a picture. I love it when you look at some of your tweets and Instagrams of the recipes. I'd like to see you do the pancake. See you next time. MUSIC