 In this tutorial, we will learn about Lofted Bend and how to create transition piece and cone. Right now Lofted Bend command is not active to make it active. At first we will have to create some sketches. For that click on this sketch, then click on sketch, then select this top line and I will create one center rectangle. Then give the required dimension using smart dimension. Then for Lofted Bend, the converse needs to be smooth. For that apply sketch fillets and give the radius and select the edges. For Lofted Bend, sketch needs to be open. It will not work with close sketch. To make the sketch open, here we will make one break for that select one center line. Then click on this offset entities, then give the offset distance of 0.5. Then select this by directional. You want it on both side, click on ok. Then select this line, control this line and make it construction line. For construction, then trim this portion, click on the remain entities, then remove this portion and click on ok. Then zoom fit. For transition piece, we will need one more plane, click on this feature, then click on reference geometry, click on this plane. Then click here and select top plane and give the gap, gap of 50. Then create one more sketch on this plane, click on sketch, sketch, select this surface, make it normal, normal to. Then create one circle there. Then we will need to trim this circle also. For that we will project this center lines, click on this convert entities and select these two lines. Then again select these two lines, press control and select the object and click on for construction. Then again trim entities, remove this portion and again, then hide this plane one, click on it and click on this side. Then click on sheet metal, now this lofted bend is activated. Then click on this lofted bend, select this sketch, select this sketch and give the thickness I want it one. And from here you can reverse the direction for thickness, whether you want it outside or inside, click on okay. Same way you can use this lofted bend command for creation of cone, for that we will start new part, okay. Then again we will create a sketch, click on sketch, then select this top plane and create one circle. Give the dimension 150 diameter. Then again we will have to break the circle for that we will create one center line, center line from here to here. Again opposite it, opposite entities, give the gap of point 5. Then click on okay, then select these two lines, press control, during selection, then click on this for construction, okay. Then trim it, trim it is, then okay, zoom fit, again okay. Then create one more plane, click on this feature, reference geometry plane. Then click here and select the top plane, give the gap of 70, okay. Then click on sketch, again click on sketch, select this plane, make it normal to and create one circle. Give the dimension, suppose it is 25, again project this line for trim, click on this convert entities, select this line, this line, okay. Select this line, control this line and select this for construction, okay. Then trim it, trim entities, remove this portion, okay. Zoom fit, orbit it, click on this plane one and hide. Then click on sheet metal, select this lofted bend, select this first sketch, select this second sketch. Then give the thickness, give the number of bend lines you want, choose the direction and click on okay. Now if you flatten it, in this way you can flatten the cone also. That's all, thanks for watching, we will stop here.