 In this video I'm going to teach you the trick breakaway and it looks like this. Now as you can see the breakaway is just another throw and this is the throw that you use to get into your side mount tricks like man on the flying trapeze. Now this throw can cause you a lot of trouble at the beginning so I'm going to give you as many tips as possible to help you get it to work right. Now one thing that some players do is they want to cheat it because they don't like learning this throw and so instead they'll turn to the inside like this and then get the yo-yo onto the string. You don't want to do that because that causes the yo-yo to spin backwards which will make a lot of your tricks harder and it'll just make things more tricky in general so be patient with yourself. This will take a little bit of time but once you get it it's way better. So the easiest way to do the breakaway would be to just hold the yo-yo on your hand the normal way, turn off to the side and do a normal throw but instead of just a normal throw you want to swing it across your body and if you do that that will set you up for your side mount tricks. The thing is that almost no yo-yoers actually do the breakaway that way. Most of the time they don't turn their body, they're just standing straight and they get the throw to work. But how do they do that? So the first thing that you want to do to get a proper breakaway throw is you just want to find a way to hold the yo-yo so that it is parallel to your body and it almost doesn't even matter how you hold it. You could hold it like this, almost like a doorknob. Sometimes I hold it in my palm like this. A lot of yo-yours what they do is they have their normal throw and then they turn their whole arm inward and you can see that makes it parallel to your body. If you want to get into 5A you can always try sticking your thumb into the groove like you would for a 5A throw and then throw it this way. You can see that it is also parallel. It really just doesn't matter how you hold it as long as you're orienting it right because the key to making this trick work isn't the release. It's what you do after the release. As you saw that time I wasn't even holding it in this hand. I just held it in my other hand. It's oriented properly and then I can still get a proper breakaway throw. So in order to get the throw to work, if it's not the release it's that motion that you make with your yo-yo hand. So if you just look at that motion you can see it's almost like a J shape that you make to swing the yo-yo over but if you need kind of an image to think about while you're doing it, what I like to tell people is just imagine that there is a nail right there and you've got a hammer in your hand and what you want to do is you want to hammer that nail and that achieves two things. It gets the motion of your hand right but it also gets you the kind of power that you want out of this throw because you want a really powerful breakaway so that you can get into all the more advanced string tricks. And again it's you don't want to stop right where the nail is, you kind of want to go through it a little bit and that'll all just take some practice. You may want to try practicing with it outside of your hand and again just hit that nail, see how that goes. You might have also noticed that sometimes I go into and around the world that's because the throw can be so fast that you want to give it some time so that the spin can die before it comes back to your hand. Another thing that we would recommend working on as you do this is you can just practice some of your tricks. And so as you're learning the breakaway at first sometimes the yo-yo is going to be really crooked, it'll lean, it'll almost feel like it's going all over the place. What you can do is you can work on your trapeze and if you look at our trapeze video we teach you how to correct a lean and tilt in the yo-yo and that way even if you have kind of a poor breakaway throw you can still start to learn tricks. Now one last thing just to take note of as you're putting all this together is just like with your normal throw no matter how you hold it you want to make sure the string is going from your finger over the top of the yo-yo. And as long as that's happening and you can just focus on that proper motion keep everything lined up and you should be able to hit your breakaway no problem with some practice. Now of course if you do have an unresponsive yo-yo the yo-yo is not going to come back to your hand when it gets up here and so you can also do your full around the world and then stop the yo-yo right in front of you and then perform whatever bind maneuver you've learned if you don't own a binds yet definitely check out our bind video and that'll help you out with that as well. But that's it that is the breakaway.