 Hi guys, it's Tuesday. I hope everyone's day. It's off to an amazing start. Today I wanted to come in and share with you my tips for keeping your whites white. Alright, so as many of you know here in the house, I only like to use white towels, white wash cloths. I even use white dish towels in the kitchen, white back mats in the bathroom. So, several of you ladies have inquired, tan, how do you keep them so white? Alright, I don't think guys that I do anything all that special, anything that different from what you guys are probably doing. I use my typical game and a little bleach in most days. That is it. However, there are those days where I have used my charcoal. So, I think I've mentioned that to you guys before. I love charcoal soap, but as you know, it's charcoal, it's dark. And if you use white towels in your house like I do, they do get stained. Also, I like to use my, I give myself my masks, my clay masks. If you use white towels, they do get stained. So, on those days, I do absolutely have to use a little bit of extra TLC on my towels and wash cloths. So, what do I do? Just a couple of little ingredients. Bleach, borax, vinegar, and powdered dish washer detergent. That is it, but two little disclaimers here. If you're going to use the bleach, it has to be bleach. You guys know that I will go to the Dollar Tree. I love their bleach, but it has to be chlorox this time. So, you got to get your chlorox. And if you can't find the borax, what I have found to work just as good as the borax is the Dollar Tree's awesome oxygen. It works just as good. So, I use about a cut to a cup and a half, just depends on how dirty my items are and my laundry sink. I laundry room sink. Here's the other thing. We have a high efficiency washing machine. I know it's ugly. I know it doesn't look high efficiency. I want to get rid of it, but Eric doesn't. So, we're not getting one, right? He doesn't want to replace it. So, but if you have a high efficiency washing machine, don't put anything powdered in there that doesn't say high efficiency or you made, you know, run the risk of tearing up your machine. So, for that reason, I run my sink full of hot hot hot hot water. It needs to be hot water. And I empty my ingredients in there. I put my items in that need to be washed. I let them sit overnight. And guys, when I walk in there the next morning, they are so white. They are so white. But I'm not even finished yet. I ring them out and then I wash them, you know, the traditional way. And when I pull them out of the dryer, they just look amazing. So, you gotta try those tips if you're having, you know, some dingy whites and let me know how it works for you. An additional tip is to use lemons, you know, my granny back in the day. She put lemons in there with her whites. And she would also hang them outside to dry. You know, the sun is a bleachers. If you leave your patio for them to her outside, your cushions, uncover for the entire summer. By the time, you know, fall comes, they have been bleached and faded. So try that. But outside of that, guys, I don't know. It might be time if none of these things work to give those towels or washcloths to your husband and let them use them out in the garage. Eric loves when I give him my old dingy towels and washcloths and say, here, you can wash the car with them. So I don't know if these don't work. That might be what you need to do with them. Well, that's it. I hope you've enjoyed this video. My four or five tips I think it was for getting your whites white and keeping them white. And so until next time, ladies, don't be a brownie, mommy. Bye, ladies.