 Hey guys, it's all in today's video. I am going to show you guys how to make papaya salad Definitely one of the most requested videos on my YouTube channel So I thought summers approaching and it is the perfect time and whether to have papaya salad I can eat it all the time. There are many different variations of papaya salad depending on where you're from There is Laus style papaya salad. There's Thai style. There's Gangnam style. It's very spicy You can control the spiciness as you wish more or less chili peppers depending on your own preference Keep watching and I'll show you guys how to put this all together, okay? First you're going to need to make your fermented fish sauce Which is the base for the salad you will need some shrimp paste Which I like to call stink you will need some stink and then you need some stunk I'm going to add these into a small pot here I probably use a third of a cup of the first pickled fermented fish paste and then I added a second type Which is a boneless type the first type was creamy and then I also added in some of the shrimp paste and then you're going to need to add Some water. We're going to give this all a good stir I also added in about half a teaspoon of MSG. Again, that is completely optional as always Next you just want to cook this on a medium heat let it come to keep at a good hard-rolling boil for about five to seven minutes until all that fish has broken down and then you want to remove from the heat and then strain it And this is what you will have and just make sure that you let it come to room temperature or let it cool down before you begin to use it And then you just want to slice your papaya I'm using an amazing one that I got from Amazon is stainless steel. It cuts it julienne It looks just like this, but if you don't have a vegetable slice or julienne slicer Then you just want to use a regular knife just like this get a really good grip on your papaya And then just begin to slice down ward again make sure you're being very careful You can get your slice of this way too, but they just won't be as uniform and I'll just like this And I also like to add in a carrot just for color totally optional Next in a mortar and pestle I added in two garlic cloves I'm going to start to smash it just so I can take off the skin or peel it a little bit easier Next you want to add in some chili peppers I added in about five small ones and then I'm going to start to smash it five is really spicy for how Which papaya I'm actually going to use in this tutorial So begin to smash until it's almost kind of like a pace until most of it is broken down to tiny tiny little pieces Next you want to add in some cherry tomatoes that have been halved you can use regular tomatoes So just make sure you chop them into tiny little pieces And then just begin to lightly smash them try to get all that juice out of the tomatoes That'll help create some liquid for your papaya salad and give it something to adhere to Next I'm adding in my shredded papaya about 10 ounces of shredded papaya a mixture of carrot as well And then now I'm just going to add in some of my behoek sauce or fermented fish sauce About a tablespoon to start off with And you can always taste as you go along. That's what's the beauty about all of this And now I'm adding in about a tablespoon and a half of fish sauce Make sure it's a good fish sauce as well. I like to use it three crabs brand Just don't use something that's in like the plastic bottles That's not good and next I'm adding in my sugar about one and a half teaspoon or so Next I have half a lime here. I'm going to squeeze all that juice out of the lime and then I'm going to take my spoon and start to scrape all that pulp out into my papaya salad as well You're kind of getting more bang for your bug I know it sounds ghetto But really the pulp in the papaya salad tastes really good. It gives it that nice extra kick and sourness So start with half and I know you're probably thinking I should be using more papaya sauce or more behoek or more lime Ten ounces is like a shred of papaya is a little bit more than one cup So I'm not I'm using a small amount to start off with for beginners if you've never made it before And then just continue just start smashing it for a good couple of minutes until most of that juice and fish sauce and whatever you're using is just nice and Incorporated into your sauce Your papaya and you're good to go Don't forget to taste for seasoning. I like to serve this alongside my Asian baked abarbete chicken wings To click on the link and it'll take you straight there I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Thanks so much for watching