 Hi, welcome to another educational video about screen printing by Cat's Bit Productions. Today's video was a heat transfer video and I wanted to just talk a little bit about the heat transfers again. The first couple videos I did on these these Avery transfers that you can get at Walmart. You can get them you know staples, Walmart, office, depot, all those kinds of places that carry this kind of thing. This is a package of 8 and a half by 11. There are six sheets in here. I think I got these for about $7, you know, $6 and $7 or something like that. These are just good to have around and I don't use, I don't do any heat transfers for commercial purposes like for selling shirts. I don't do any digital heat transfers. I just use these for prototyping which is what we're going to do today or just when I want to make a shirt for fun, you know, bootleg shirt of something that you don't want to set up to print because it's not yours. You just want one shirt. You know, that's fine. But I don't do heat transfers on a commercial level. The only heat transfers I do on a commercial level for my customers are the vinyl film, the thermal films for names and numbers that would be on the back of a shirt, you know, for like athletics and stuff because it's practical rather than all the labor of screen printing, different names and numbers. But today I'm doing a prototype deal. We have the artwork up in Correll and here's a test print to see that it would fit on paper, right? And we flipped it, meaning that we've reversed the image in the computer so that we printed out and it's reversed like this. Okay, so you get good light on that. You see it's reversed so that when we flip it around and place it on the shirt, it will be correct. Okay? So that's that's the thing. You can see Avery has the backside which is, you know, if you can see that has, you know, markings on it so you know which side to print. You print the side that doesn't have any Avery printing on it. And I've got the craft paper this time finally, right? I've got a piece of craft paper which is kind of like a heavy wax paper that can take heat. And we've got the shirts. I just use these, I like these, I'm in Arizona, it's very hot. I just use these hangs under garments and I like these, they're very lightweight and they're great for me out here in the desert where it's hundreds of degrees, you know. So I just use these, you know. And we have the winter. This is a good thing to have. You got a length shirt, make sure there's nothing on there to get trapped between the transfer because that's laying. And I've got scissors. And the other thing I wanted to say about this design that you can actually see is I put the big gray oval behind there and the reason why I did that is because I didn't, you know, it's not a weeding paper, it doesn't weed out so it would leave adhesive all in these areas. So I put a big gray circle so that I could cut it out. I'm going to trim it out in a circle. Okay, so let me trim this out and I'll be right back. Okay, so here I cut it, I trimmed it and you can see a circle is nice and easy to do. That's why I dropped it behind there. As opposed to if you guys remember the love shirt, right? Which was very difficult to cut out and intricate design to cut out. This shirt has been washed and worn several times, many times. I don't know, several dozen times and we're going to show you the close up for two transfer shirts. I'll show you this close up when it's done and that one so you can see them side by side. And let's move in for the transfer. Okay, so remember that these are avery inkjet heat transfers for light garments. You can print them out on any inkjet printer but they do not work on black t-shirts. So these are only for white or very light colored garments. And you know, use your roller, I already lented mine and got it in position so I got all the straight fabric and lint or anything. Okay, we're going to put this down. Right, and these are like I said, they're avery inkjet heat transfers. They're designed for use at home with an iron. So you can use an iron but if you use a heat pressed application it's going to be way better, it's going to last longer, it's going to look better and it's just way better. With an iron it's going to be difficult. Okay, and it's important also to remember that avery makes cold peels and hot peels. This is a cold peel so we have to let it cool and then peel it. You know, but I've used other averys in the past where you peel it hot. So always read the instructions. Here's the craft paper. I'm going to put that down. We're going to press it for about 30 seconds and then we'll be right back. Okay, so it's about 30 seconds. We're going to lift it up and now we're going to let it cool. Okay, little vapor from the shirt looks okay. It's not scorched. We'll let it cool and peel it. Okay, here we are. I had to get the corner going because the cold peels are a little harder to do. I don't like the cold peels as much. Okay, because you let it cool down and then you got to peel it and it's just a little harder to peel and I prefer a hot peel because it just kind of melts off. You know, just pulls off so easily and you do it right away. It's a lot faster and I don't know. I don't know why this avery one is a cold peel. I remember the other ones I believe were hot peels. So make sure you look at the instructions and yeah, the cold peel is going to be a little bit harder to get off. Like, you know, you got to get it started. So it was hard to get started. I had to tear it up in a couple places to get it started and then, you know, and then I'm able to peel it off. So it's pretty cool. I just prefer the hot peels. So let's show you close up of the two shirts. Okay, so there you go. You have the two shirts on by side. You can see the love shirt is in pretty good condition. When you're doing with a heat press, it seems that they work out really good and it lasts a long time. Okay, so that's it. This is just a prototype shirt and then I wanted to do just to test out this design. Alright, that's it. Thanks a lot for watching. Katzvit Productions, Educational Videos about screen printing. I really appreciate you checking out my videos and we'll see you next time. Thanks for watching. Thanks a lot.