 Hey Dressards Superstabs, welcome to the lesson third day. I trust you are having a super super week. Everybody you know Montana and this is Zorro. So I thought today we might share with you guys. I know Montana is having challenges with Zorro trying to get him really through and connected. You know we can kind of tack his head in and make him look on the bit. But he's a young horse and he's half region and he's not really wanting to play the whole really work over your back. So Montana how do you would you approach getting a horse on the bit? How do you get a horse on the bit? So first off I try and get them forward from behind because they're not forward. They're not going. They're going to be struggling to come through. Love it. And then I just start playing a little bit. So I half halt, half halt and then when I like half halt release leg then half halt to catch the forward momentum. And then if you start to get heavy like in the previous lesson, you know we start to go no no like. So it's annoying to him. So to get a horse can I just check. So I'm asking how to get the horse on the bit. You say legs first. So step one legs. Yep. Then step two. Step two is half like outside rain. Okay. Can I give you some feedback on your outside rain? Can we get the camera in here? Okay. So just show the camera again how you said to use the outside rain. So like contact, bring the contact back. Then release a little bit. Yes. So it's the release a little bit that I'm struggling with. So that is a perfect half-hunting rain on the inside drain. So you've asked the horse to bend and then you've allowed the bend to happen. You've asked the horse to bend. You've allowed the horse to happen. That's beautiful. But on the outside drain, you be the horse's mouth. The outside drain. That's my outside drain. And I might do this. Yeah. So the camera picking that up to talk to the horse. I might get stronger and do this. Yeah. And to soften, that's me softening. Yeah. Do you see there's no give there? No, this may give. Yeah. But it's soft. Yeah. But the outside drain has to be like a side drain. If you soften it like you did, like it was perfect for an inside drain, you drop the horse. You drop the energy. So you've created all this amazing energy behind and you've asked the horse to come round onto the bit and then you've dropped it. Yeah. So I think that's probably where your biggest challenge is. So if we work on that today and keeping that that rain still, so head out. And drop. Yeah. And it's all fine. You know, he's strong. He puts his head up. No worries. You've got to plan your 20 meter circle. Don't let him fall in. Now keep your outside drain. Control your rhythm first. So you think about your rhythm. Control where you going. He's falling in. I don't want that circle too small. Yeah. I don't want you stepping over the poo. I want you to miss the poo. Outside drain. Now, Montana, like with a lot of riders, she's doing an absolutely amazing job. But she's struggling like many of us do. Keeping that outside drain still. That's better. That's better. Yeah. Outside drain still inside leg pushes the horse into the outside drain. And you can see as she comes past that outside drain still moving. It's still giving. It's still, yeah, because there's movement in it, the horse doesn't feel comfortable to work into that frame and lift his back and come over his back. She's doing the right thing with the legs. The horse is definitely forward. She's got to be able to keep that outside drain a little bit stiller. Use her inside drain independently of the outside drain. So she wants to bend the horse to the inside. That's fine. Yeah, better. But she, like most riders do when they use their inside drain, they drop their outside drain. So she's got to keep thinking, I've got to keep my outside drain dead still. My inside drain can move if it needs to ask the horse for bend. And then I need to use my legs and push him into that. Because he's just doing what most freesions do and tack his little head in and looks pretty. Good. That's better. There you can see the horse was stepping into the frame a little bit more. Then when you feel his in the bit, that's when you can lengthen your outside drain slightly and see if he follows your hand to go deeper and rounder. Yeah, deeper and rounder. Yes. And you can see now the horse is on the bit. So when he asks the horse to stretch, he can follow a hand a little bit. Does that feel better? Yeah. Feels a horse better. Good. Keep going. Come back to me. So trust that helps guys. Enjoy your Thursday and I'll see you guys next week. Bye.