 Hey everybody, today I'm going to show you how to make a sofa cover and this is a super quick and easy way of making it. So my sofa is very large, it's 90 inches long and I don't know the exact width of it, but the thing is that sofas in general are really big and so you're going to need a lot of cloth in order to be able to properly cover your sofa. So what I had to do in order to get enough was to take three flat sheets and sew them together and this was the final product. For your sofa it's going to be different, you're going to have to look at your own and take a guess as to how long you're going to need. But to give you a rough estimate of how much is enough, when I covered mine it went all the way to the ground on the front and on the side and there was even some that was just pulling on the ground which is what's going to be good for your sofa if you want proper coverage. However, as you can see on the back side I don't have enough cloth that only goes down about a quarter of the way. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to scrunch up these top corners on both the left side and the right side and I'm going to pin it together. So what this is going to do is not only give me an opportunity to add more cloth but also it's going to create a proper shape for the sofa. So just gather the cloth as I'm showing here and pin it up in a way that's easy for you to be able to see where you're going to be sewing afterwards. Okay, once you have it properly scrunched up together and pinned then you're going to take an extra piece of cloth and you're going to pin it up all the way around the sides and the top of the backside. Okay, once it's all pinned up and you like how it looks you can go ahead and run a stitch all the way around and then you're ready to move on to the next step. Okay, so the next step is to tuck the cloth into the corners of the sofa as you can see I've done here and so now you know how it's going to be looking when it's all done. Now for the final step what you have to do is take an extra strip of cloth and you're going to be tying it around the arms of the sofa. So as you can see you're not you don't really see that strip of cloth from the front or the inside corner but from the outside corner you are going to see it. Just go ahead wrap it around and give it a double mop and this will make sure that your sofa cover doesn't move and it gives it a proper structure. So as you can see that strip of cloth doesn't really show and it doesn't look too bad even though it does show from the outside corner and there you have it. You're all done the sofa cover and I'm sure you'll agree that this was super easy, quick and it looks beautiful. Alright, thanks for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video and please subscribe.