 Hi, my name is Kiana, or is he a nomi the daughter of KC Connection? Anyway, I'm gonna teach you how to make Ben Yees from the box. Yeah, not from scratch, I'm still waiting to do that, but from a box. Alright, first of all, you'll need to crank up your tunes. I personally have been into the ending song to 3-0, the anime, if you've ever seen that. If you have a fryer, fill it up with oil and preheat it now. It takes a minute for that stuff to heat up, and you don't want to be waiting forever while you've done everything. Next pour two cups of the mix into a bowl, then add 7 ounces of water. Get your grandma spoon out and mix it all together. Once it's too difficult to mix, flour your surface, and then dump your dough on it. Make sure to flour your hands so the dough doesn't stick to you. Then proceed to knead and fold the dough. Once the dough is still sticky, add some flour, then keep kneading. Once the dough looks like this, you're ready to rock and roll. Ha, rock and roll. Do you get it? So the box said 1-8th in thickness, and I have no idea what that means, so I just eyeballed it. Look at me trying to use a ruler. Ha, nah, I just gave up. When the dough seems thick but not too thin, then cut it into a rectangle. Then cut the dough into 12 equal rectangles. Or like, equal enough. I mean, you don't got to be perfect about it. Then put your dough in the fryer, and you know it's cooking when it rises to the top. Once the dough looks golden on one side, flip it over to the other so the other side can cook. And once it's golden all around, take it out and put it on a plate covered in paper towels to absorb the oil. That's how you make bing-a's, but we're not done yet. We got to make this stuff fancy. Now we're going to make homemade whipped cream. And to do that, you'll need heavy whipping cream, vanilla extract and sugar. I've literally made homemade whipped cream so many times that I just wing it at this point, so I'm going to try to give you measurements. So put in a cup, maybe a cup and a half of heavy whipping cream, one eighth teaspoon of vanilla extract, then add a tablespoon of sugar maybe. I think, yeah, you can add as much sugar as you think is necessary. Whip the cream with an electric mixer or a whisk if you like pain. And then keep whipping until it looks light and fluffy, like super fluffy. And plate it up. I put the whipped cream in some strawberry jam into these tiny little bows, my mom or as you know, or Casey. But, and then pour powder sugar onto the bing-a's, slow-mo time. I also made some hot chocolate for ultimate fanciness. After that, you're all done. Good job. Revolving your hard work and eat your food in style, like a boss.