 Hey folks, how are we doing today? I did a video here a while back on how to shift a tractor trailer. I'm going to change the title of that one on how to shift a 10 speed tractor trailer. I've switched companies and the company that I'm with now you can see behind me. We have day cabs. I'm a local driver now. But these trucks are 13 speeds. So I thought I'd make a little video on how to shift a 13 speed. Really there's not a whole lot of difference between a 10 and a 13, three years. But basically what you're doing is it's the same thing as a shift in a 10 speed with the addition of a splitter and you're splitting your high range gears. And like I said way too many times in the other video, it's just that simple. So here we go, we're going to try a 13 speed. Okay, so we're in first gear. We're going to wind it out in first gear. We're going to shift to second. We're going to my little cover here is broken so I'm trying to hold it in place. We're going to go up into third. We're going to wind out in third. Go to fourth. Okay, now we're in fourth. We're going to flip that up as soon as we go into fourth gear. That's pre-selecting our range. We're pre-selecting for high range. Okay, now just like in a 10 speed. We're going to go from fourth up into fifth. Okay, now here's where we start using this on the side. Okay, we are it's towards the back right now. That's low range. Okay, this up here in the front, this high low range up in the front, we're done with that. We're on the high side now so we're going to leave that alone. Now we're going to concentrate on this. Okay, so looking at our pattern here, we are in five low. As soon as you go ahead and shift into five low, go ahead and push that forward. Okay, remember that's pre-selecting our range. Okay, so now we're in five low. Okay, we've got our foot on the gas. Let me see our foot on the gas there. Okay, our foot's on the gas. Okay, we've pushed that forward to go into five high. All you do is let off the gas and it's going to shift automatically for you. When you step back on the gas, now you're in five high. Okay, now we're in five high. We're accelerating, we're winding out in five high. As soon as you push down on that gas again, pull this back. Remember, we're pre-selecting our range. So now we're going to go for sixth gear. My lighting is not working very good for us today. We're going to go for sixth gear. Now we want to go into six low. So we've pulled back on that. We've pre-selected our range. So now we're going to go to six low. Okay, now as soon as we go into six low, go ahead and push that forward. Because we're going to pre-select our range. Because our next gear is going to be six high. Okay, so we've wound out in six low. All you got to do is just take your foot off the gas. It's going to shift for you when you step back on the gas. Now you're in six high. Okay, now that we're in six high, let's go ahead and pull this back again. Pre-selecting our range. Because we're going to get ready to go into seventh gear here now. Let me focus this. Okay, and we want to go into seven low. So we've pulled back on this to pre-select our low range. Okay, so now we're going to go into seven low. Okay, now we've got our foot on the gas we're accelerating. Go ahead and push that forward. Pre-select our range. And all you got to do is let off the gas. Step on the gas and it's going to go into seven high. Okay, now we're in seven high. So let's go ahead and pre-select our range again to go into eighth. Pull back on that. Okay, now we're in eight low. Okay, so go ahead and push that forward. Okay, we're winding out in eight low. Let off the gas. Step on the gas and now we are in eight high or what they call 13. Because remember, they actually count that low there for a gear. So now we are in 13th gear or eight high. And we are rolling down the road. Now, the gearing doesn't work exactly like it does in a 10 speed. The way I explained it with that is 15 miles an hour, one plus five is six. So that'd be sixth gear. Okay, 25, two plus five is seven. That'd be seventh gear and so on. But you see with my Peter belt, it's 10, 20, 30. So you got to look at the ones in between here. We're with my freight liners. They actually said 10, 15, 20. It was actually numbered for you. It's the same thing as far as the high low range goes with a 13 speed. If you drop under 15 miles an hour, you're going to want to go down to the low side and go into fourth gear. Okay, remember anything under 15 miles an hour is on the low side. Okay, but now, okay, so we're rolling down the road and we are in 13th gear or eight high. Now, let's say we start pulling the hill and we're starting to lose a little RPM. When I'm rolling down the interstate in this truck, it'll do 70. And I'm running about 1,600 RPM or thereabouts. And I start pulling the hill. When I get down to about 1,400 RPM, or if I really want to keep it going, 1,500, all you got to do is pull back on that. Remember, we're not using this at all anymore because we're on the high side. Just pull back on that, let off the gas, step back on the gas, and it's going to go into eight low or what they would call 12. Okay, so now we reach the crest of the hill. And we're going to start going down the hill. Okay, push forward on that, let off the gas, step back on the gas, and it's going to shift back into eight high or 13. Now, let's say we need to go down a couple gears. Okay, so we're rolling down the interstate. We're in 13th gear. So let's go down a couple gears now. Okay, so let's pull back on this, let off the gas, step on the gas. Now we're in eight low. Okay, let's say we need to go down to seven. Well, you don't want to just go down to seven low. See, look here, you know, this is in the low position. You don't want to go down to seven low. You can, if your RPMs are low enough, but let's say for just for this instance, it's not. Okay, so we want to go to seven high. Okay, our foot's still on the gas. Okay, we're going to push forward on this. Okay, we're going to pre-select our range. Okay, let off the gas, and then you just shift normally. Okay, okay, and now we are in seven high. See, this is in the forward position, so that's the high side. We are in seven high. Now, if we want to go down another half a gear. Okay, just pull back on this. Okay. Let off the gas, step back on the gas, and we are now in seven low. And you can just keep working your way down like that. If you want to, let's go down to, let's go down to six high. Let's push forward on this. Okay, just select our high range. Okay, and then just go ahead and shift like you normally would into, into sixth, and we are in six high. Okay, so if we want to go down to six low, pull back on that. Let off the gas, step back on the gas, and it'll shift automatically into six low. And then you can just keep working yourself down like that. Okay, so now we're in six low. Now, let's work our way back up. Okay, let's go ahead and push forward on this. Let off the gas, step on the gas, and we'll go into six high. Okay, now let's go up to seven low. Okay, so let's pre-select our range, pull back on this. Okay, now we are in seven low. Okay, so we're winding out in seven low. Let's go ahead and push forward on that. Okay, let off the gas, step on the gas, and it'll go into seven high. Okay, now let's go back up to, let's go back up to eight. Okay, so we need to go to eight low. So let's pull back on this pre-select our range. Okay, go ahead and shift, and we are in eight low. Push forward on that, okay? Let off the gas, step back on the gas, and we are back in eight high or 13. And that's, well, it's just that simple. Once you get onto the high side, once you go from fourth up to fifth, that's where you use this to get onto the high side, the one in front, you don't touch that anymore. Now that you're on the high side, you're only using this right here. And you see, because we're on the high side, this here is free to move back and forth. Once you go down to the low side, it locks this into place. Okay, and you can't use that anymore. So really, you don't use both of them, both of them in sequence, or you don't use both of them at the same time, you're either using one or the other. Now watch this, for example, let's say we're on the high side, okay? Okay, let's move that forward. Now look, you can't push down on this one to go to the low side. This has to be in the back position, free to be able to get down to the low side. I know it sounds a little complicated. It takes a couple of days to get used to it. But if you've driven a 10 speed before, if you've gotten comfortable with that, you can drive a 13 speed. Now an 18 speed, instead of look here, see on the high side, you've got five low, five high, six low, six high, seven low, seven high, eight low, and eight high. With an 18 speed, you're splitting every gear, even one, two, three, and four. So you've got one low, one high, two low, two high, three low, three high, four low, four high, and so on. That would be an 18 speed. But this one here is just a 13 speed. But folks, if you get lost, it's not that big of a deal. In a worst case scenario, you've got to pull over to the side of the road and start over. Oops, it's not the end of the world. Give yourself a couple of days, don't stress about it, and you'll be rolling like a big dog. Hope this helps, take care, bye.