 Making bread doesn't have to be hard work and this recipe combines the flavours of grape and rosemary to create a delicious focaccia. Now first of all add 1 teaspoon of dried active yeast and 1 tablespoon of castor sugar to 350 ml of warm water. Stir this gently and then set aside. After a pestle and mortar, crush 1 teaspoon of fennel seeds and place in a large bowl with 450 grams of plain flour, 1 teaspoon of chopped rosemary, a teaspoon of salt and combine. Add the yeast and sugar mixture to the bowl and mix gently with a wooden spoon until it forms a dough. Feel free to add a little more flour if you find that the dough is sticking to the bowl. Next, flour a clean work surface and turn out your dough. Use your hands to knead the dough for 10 minutes until it's nice and smooth. Pour 1 tablespoon of oil into a bowl, roll your dough in the oil and shape into a ball. Then cover with cling film and leave to proof in a warm, draft, free place for between one and two hours until the dough has doubled its original size. So now the dough is ready and I can remove the cling film. Can flour the surface and tip out the dough. Then take 250 grams of grapes and add half of them to the dough. Next take out a large baking tray and scatter the surface with semolina, polenta or flour. This helps keep the bread from sticking to the tray and allows it to slide off easily. Use your hands to stretch out the dough until it's roughly the same size as the baking tray. Cover with a tea towel and leave to rise for 30 minutes. So while the dough rises you want to preheat your oven to the highest setting. Take a baking tray and line it with greased proof paper and place in the oven for about five minutes to heat. So after half an hour press the remaining grapes and some sprigs of rosemary into the surface of the dough. Drizzle a tablespoon of olive oil over the top and scatter with sea salt and some extra fennel seeds. Sly the dough onto the preheated baking tray, just be very careful of the hot tray and bake for about five to eight minutes until golden and cooked through. So there you have it, red grape and rosemary for caccià, a real taste of Italy.