 How much does a hot tub pad cost? Well, most hot tubs these days do not have a pedestal base installed on them and as such they need to be installed on a perfectly flat surface that can evenly support the weight of the hot tub. Remember that to the amount of water that's in a hot tub amounts to a quite a bit of weight and if you were to try to balance that on an unlevel or uneven surface you easily could end up twisting or cracking the shell of your hot tub. So what is a hot tub pad? Well a hot tub pad is more than just a flat area. It really needs to be something that's going to compact evenly under the immense weight of the hot tub as you fill it and usually that means something like compacted screenings with some paving stones on top or even better a concrete pad. Now a concrete pad is probably going to cost if you had to hire somebody anywhere from $500, $750 up to as much as $2,000 or so for an 8-foot by 8-foot or a 10-foot by 10-foot concrete pad with which to put this hot tub on. And you might be thinking what's kind of a lot of money for what amounts to essentially just a square of concrete and it is and the reason why is because the amount of concrete that you need to make a hot tub pad 8-foot by 8-foot or 10-foot by 10-foot you'd want it about three and a half or four inches thick at minimum. That amount of concrete is it's more than you're going to mix out there with a wheelbarrow even with a really good attitude and a couple of buddies that's not really a wheelbarrow kind of job and the inconsistency in your mix is probably going to be a problem. So that's fine we'll just get a concrete truck right? Well it's not really that much concrete either and you actually would end up paying more for your underage charges than you would for the actual concrete from the batch plant itself. If you live in a busy area you might be lucky and there might be a by-the-yard mobile batch plant of concrete basically a concrete track that comes to your house and he makes concrete for you one yard at a time. You'll still probably end up overpaying for it but in a lot of cases that's the best option if you can manage it because if you have to rent a mixer from your local home depot or something like that it's going to be an awful lot of work in order to mix up enough concrete to make a 10-foot by 10-foot hot tub pad so that's one of those costs that can sneak up and surprise people when you're shopping for a new hot tub you might not have planned for you know a thousand or two thousand dollars for a new pad in your backyard to sit the hot tub on but that might be what you're looking at. If this information was helpful to you please be sure to like this video and subscribe to my YouTube channel and you can check out my website swimmingpoolsteeve.com