 Okay, I'm gonna get my new Toia world here. This is the Scotch Laminator. Let's see we're gonna hit power 3 milliliters Says you three milliliters for regular paper or five milliliters for cards Well my FCC license is a fold at piece of paper. We're being two-sided So I don't know maybe we'll go I think we'll try the five hopefully don't burn it up One way for the blue light to come on and how long that takes anyway Got these little pouches here and one in that opens I can get it open to show you And okay, I put my license in there close a little pouch And now we just wait for the blue light here. They're ready light to come on. Oh, yeah I got to retract the tray while we're waiting we pull this little tray out here Flip that out pull that up And that stands up like that maybe This is make it's up all the way I guess it's up all the way All right still wait for the blue light here Hmm, how long this is gonna take don't imagine it to take too long There's no easy highs though. He's always gonna watch me do this and see Okay Okay, I gotta make sure I put the sealed in in first. I mean confirm which side opens get that side open so This end will go in first once we get a blue light Place item inside pouch insert sealed into pouch into laminated Seal item in laminated and enjoy seems like it should come up more still There I guess it's locked up now Hmm still waiting for blue light would just kill a little time here Hopefully five milliliters not five yet. I have milk hopefully five millimeters not too hot for this Really don't want to burn up my pouch my license Now maybe I'll pause it for a while while we wait for the blue light This is your killing time on the video now I'll cut this and go find my wine Okay, we're back and we got a blue light now take a little longer than I thought it would I did forget to point out that there's Little size adjustment guides back here to adjust for the right size Laminating pouch, so I've set that to my pouch Now we're gonna try to put the sealed in in first, which is this in You're gonna line that up. Oh wait, it just went crooked along. I don't want that to be crooked in there I'm trying to get that straight as possible Hang on Hold on I should put the camera down for a minute Come on open up Okay, let's straighten that a little bit trying to do this on the camera Trying to hold the camera and do the straightening okay Straighten now, so we're gonna go sealed in in first Line it up with the guides Machine should take it on its own Should wait hold on Shit hold on Okay, I reread the instructions says push the item close to the sealed edge because I couldn't get it to take it Then align it with the guides and it should take it with for some reason I'm having a hard time getting it to take the item Maybe I'm not doing something right Now it's taking it finally I had to line the slot up just right now. I should spit out this end here Here it comes Hopefully that work is a little bit of a learning curve to this machine It's only a $20 machine, so I guess I can't expect too much Hmm Did it come out all the way? Oh shit, that's hot and voila I Don't even see any bubbles on that or nothing came out pretty good Who that sucker's toasty warm though crisp and clean look at it see through I can see right through that Now I can trim it and cut it to the right size now we turn the machine off Let it cool Well, that's pretty cool. It worked pretty good once I figured out Trying to hold the camera and figure out where the hell the slot was on the back to get it to take the Laminator I had to look at it a little closer couldn't hold the camera and do that. It's alright. There we go Yeah