 I'm making grilled cheese with caramelized onions today. Let's get started. I'll show you how to make it. Turn on your stove to medium heat and then use a very large skill at the largest one you have. And put it in a couple tablespoons of olive oil while the heat's we're going to chop the onion. A couple large onions today and first of all you want to get all the papery stuff off. Cut off the ends and then I'm going to put it on and cut them in half. That's what I want our half slices. So what you're going to do is cut them as thin as you can. I mean I'm not a professional chef. And most of you are not either. So I can't cut like a professional chef. You know how to whip through it. And of course use your largest knife. And this one, yeah I'm going to leave that way. And then what you're going to do is take these and break them apart into a bowl that you'll take over to the stove. These onions are going to take probably between 30 minutes and 40 minutes to completely cook to caramelize. That's how long it takes in my pan anyway. It starts off looking like a lot of onions but they cook down. So I have one more you have to do here. I already did another one before filming or taking. Maybe I'm going to call it. And the last one is the thickest. All right. And then break these apart. Put them in the bowl. And next I'm going to bring these over to the pan. So obviously you want to start cooking these onions away before you want to serve the meal. And you can even do it ahead of time and refrigerate them. Now the oil is heated. I'm going to take a spatula here. And go there. And obviously it's a lot. This is my last pan. And obviously this is going to be my last pan. I can't send them over. I probably could have used a very large saucepan or a lot of the college I've been. I'm told it's not going to make the content of my video saying that's not a good thing. Okay. Big two things. I could have done that because I need to use the other three of them. Now here's the thing. You want to serve these about every five minutes. Otherwise they could burn and get too brown too fast. And we don't want that. So I'm going to come back every five minutes and show you what they look like as I turn them. Alright? So what will be next? Only been five minutes. They're already just cooking down. So I want to flip them as much as I can in my skillet. And then, yeah. Next time I might make these in the saucepan. Alright. And then I'll set it for another five. Now we're at the 10 minute last. I'm going to turn down these just a tad because I want them to get caramelized but I don't want them to get burned. So if they start to cook a little sheath, you can turn them even more often than five minutes. Because if you definitely want to make while you're in the kitchen doing something else, you pretty much have to baby-stint it. So we're going to come back in another five to see how they're doing. It's been 15 minutes since they're coming along nicely. They're starting to get brown without getting burned, which is good. So this is how they should look at about the 15 minute marks if your pan is working like mine is. And we'll be back in five. Alright. So what are those 20 minutes in? Oh. And the stir. And then they're very close. Okay. They're getting browner and browner. Starting to really smell like caramelized onions. And I think they need another five minutes. Well, I'm thinking this looks really done. So I'm going to turn the heat off and get to making the grilled cheese. Now, while the onions are cooking, you could be shredding cheese. Now, the kind of cheese you use depends on what you like. I have some white cheddar here. And it's considered soft white cheddar, not hard. I think it melts a little better, but by grating it, it will just melt better anyway. And then I have another kind here. The story was that recently didn't have any soft white cheddar. So I bought something else that's kind of like a monster. It was called something else. I don't remember what it was called. It's like, with all this family makes. They make this one kind of cheese. So that was different. So again, you could shred this while the onions are cooking. You can use any shredder you want. If you're making a lot, shredding a lot, you could shred it in your food processor. And there we go. Okay, so now we're ready to put the sandwich together. And I'm actually using small bread today. The bread that I really like for this is sourdough, but I don't have any of that. I actually have some foodies, foodies, which we use. They're really small breads. There are many breads. That's what it is. And I have some butter here. Now the butter I have is non-boving growth hormone. That's what it is. And so it's more yellow. And I've noticed that it's more cold. And I had just set it on the stove while the onions were cooking. Just so it would soften a little bit. Because in my house it just... Okay, so it's spreading a lot better. So I'm going to put a bit of butter to side the bread. So this bread I actually brought the pan over. And I'm going to actually stick it in the pan. And then I'm going to do cheese. And if I get any cheese in the pan, I'm going to pick it back up, put it in the sandwich. I don't want cheese burning in the pan. The pan is cool. So after putting out a layer of cheese, then I have some onions. Caramelized onions. Okay. And it's harder with small bread. It's easier with big bread. My dog thinks there's something here for her, but there isn't. She's at my feet. And then a little more cheese. Can you see this? Let me ask you, can. So a little more cheese on top. All right. And I'm going to pick up the cheese that fell off to the side. So I don't want to eat in the pan. And then with my second piece of bread, I'm going to butter that. Okay. Soft butter is best. My dog, and she's just about to bark at me. No bark and poppy dog. All right. And now I'm ready to put it on stove. I'm going to heat the burner. Not too high. So you don't want this to burn. We want the cheese to melt. So it's kind of medium low. I'm just going to set it on there and let that toast. And once we see it melting, and we'll check the bottom gingerly, and then we'll flip it over, which isn't easy. It's been a few minutes. And I can tell from peeking at the bottom that it's getting nice and golden underneath. So here's the tricky part. Flipping it. Oh. I thought it was completely coming apart. And now you can smash it down a little bit. Doesn't need to be much. The goal is to get a nice toastiness on both sides and for all the cheese to melt. So again, if you like cheeses that are a little harder, grading them is such a good way to make sure that they melt properly. So we'll chuck back in another minute or two. Okay. I think I watched a wait for too long, so we're ready to plate this up. So that's the grilled cheese with the caramelized onions. If you want, you can cut it in half. This is a small piece of bread, so I probably don't need to. And of course, this is great with eating some salsa on the side. A delicious quick grilled cheese. You