 So our first step is free to visualize what you want your dress to look like. So we've probably been up here to look at the completed dresses already. So you have an idea of what goes into a dress. Obviously, you need a pillowcase, you'll need some ribbon that coordinates or looks really good with it. And other things to decorate with such as blackies or other material. So let your first step is visualize what you want your dress to look like and then collect your supplies. So you can either just cut straight across or you can pull it down and cut it. And you should kind of come up with something like this. Okay? And keep in mind that once you cut it, you are still going to be folding and sewing again. So your finished length will be shorter than this by about an inch or two. Also, it doesn't have to be a perfect cut across. Like we said, you know, we are building it, we are building it, we are building it down and depending on the armhole, so it doesn't have to be a perfect cut. So don't worry about it, it's not so perfect. So our next step after that is to cut the armholes. And we've had a lot of questions about this. So what I would do is I would take the dress that the greener just had and I would hold it in half lengthwise. You want to fold your dress like this. If the cut hurt at the top and the finished bottom of the next thing is you will measure in about four inches and down about six. And you want the armhole cut to be about like this on a round and angle. So it will end up looking like this. And you will cut both sides at the same time so that they are even. So it will look like this and then you unfold it and there you have the dress, the rough silhouette of the dress. The next step, this is a little bit, I guess I have a trickier step I would say. It was trickier than we need to do. And that is that we are going to finish the armholes. So there is a couple different ways you can do this. I think this easiest way would be to fold down the armhole material and you are just going to pin it so that it is straight and then you are going to feed it through this way and you are going to do this. And there are other ways of doing this as well. You can get ribbon and you just fold it across and then you sew the ribbon onto it as well. You can do this by your sleeve as well. And so what you do is you stitch it all the way up to the top. So you are going to stitch it all the way up because what you are going to do next is that you are going to fold down or the neck ends, you are going to fold it down and you are going to sew it. So you need to do the armhole step before you fold down the top otherwise you will so over your ribbon hole. Well the next step is to fold down the top and what you will do for this is you look at the ribbon you have chosen and that is why step one is collect your materials. One of you might have chosen a really thick ribbon with a little bit more of a width so you may have a smaller ribbon. So you will want to do that in mind when you are making this hole. You will hold the top of your dress inwards and down so this is the inside of your dress and then you are going to sew across to the end. So this is later on where your ribbon will be pushed through. So you are going to have two pieces of three feet of ribbon that you are going to feed through both of the neck holes. So I can kind of demonstrate that. Usually it is best to put a pinky pin through so that you can feed and feel it going through. So I am just feeding it through the hole right now and it doesn't take very long so I will show you exactly what it is going to look like. And so you will have about this much ribbon and it can be a little bit shorter and a little bit longer but that is pretty much how much you want so that you can make nice big bows on the sides. And you are going to do that bow time to run and get back. Once you have done this one go to the front and back. There are a couple of steps of what you can do to help the dress stay together a little bit better. First we will be put one stitch through the center of the dress and it will end the back just holding the ribbon place because otherwise we found that the ribbon tends to slide out or to one side. So if you just put one tiny little stitch in the back that will hold the ribbon place and to finish the edges of the ribbon because they tend to fray you can either fold down the ribbon twice and put a stitch through it or it is also been suggested that you can just tie a little knot in the end. Once you are done the ribbon you can go ahead and add the pockets and flowers if you want to refut any of these. We really love getting into the decorating of the dress. Once you have finished your dress you are going to try the best time done to decorate and then you can add pockets. You can glue pockets on with fabric glue or you can sew pockets on and same with the patterns. I like to put like broaches on them. Anything please, one that needs to be dresses the other day that had little Canadian play pins on all the pockets. So I thought that was really cute. So anything you guys can think of pretty much is... I like to put a little bit of fabric on the top of the top of the top of the top of the top. I like to put a little bit of fabric on the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top. I like to put a little bit of fabric on the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the bottom of the top of the top of the bottom of the bottom top of the top