 In this video I'm showing you a recipe for a homemade countertop cleaner. It uses ingredients that you either have at home already or are easily bought at the store and one of the main ingredients is something you'd normally throw away. Hi it's Liz here from the Herb Guide showing you how to make a household disinfectant spray. You'll need an empty glass jar with a lid, white vinegar, ordinary white vinegar, just plain distilled white vinegar and citrus peel. The citrus can be orange, lemon, lime, grapefruit or a mixture, put the peel in the jar. Take a few sprigs of time and crush it in your hands to start the releases of the oils and properties then add that to the jar. Time is antiviral, antifungal as well as antibacterial and with the antibacterial properties of the vinegar will make a great natural disinfectant for your home. Cover the contents with vinegar, put the lid on and give it a shake. You can add more citrus peel over the next few days so don't delay the start of this household spray just because you've only got peel from one or two fruits. Make sure that the peel is covered by vinegar so top it up if you need to. Give the jar a shake a couple of seconds every day will do. Leave the jar for about two weeks. You can leave it in the room, you don't have to refrigerate or protect it from light. After two weeks when you take the lid off you will not smell vinegar, you will get the strongest citrus smell imaginable with a hint of time in there. If you don't get an overwhelming citrus smells then leave it for a couple more days and try again. The aim is not to smell vinegar at all. Strain the mixture into a sieve over a jug and collect it. You can see how the vinegar has absorbed the colour from the citrus, look how orange and dense the mixture is. Pour this into a spray bottle, measure the amount and add an equal amount of water to dilute it. This countertop cleaner is perfect for disinfecting surfaces in the kitchen or bathroom, degreasing coca-hoots, desgaring taps and shower attachments and I use it for cleaning windows and mirrors. You'll need a bit of elbow grease for that but it gives a perfect finish and it smells so gorgeous. Thanks for watching, I hope you found the video useful. Give me a thumbs up, subscribe to my channel, the links are below. Come and visit me at the Herb Guide when you'll find Herb tips, how to grow herbs, cook with them, make simple home remedies and cosmetics. You really can save a lot of money by learning how to do these things yourself. The links are below, see you next time.