 For John the Praigo Magnifico. Yes, I do have a little bit of autonomy because I'm always eating Italian food. Today we're gonna make a fettuccine, a frail pasta with Cajun shrimp. So if I was you guys, I would not go anywhere. Stick it around. Alright, so this is really easy. What I'm doing right now is rendering some bacon fat. I'm gonna use the flavor of the bacon to help make that fettuccine, Cajun shrimp pasta be like Chef J. Rochstown. Y'all know how I do it. So let me cook this bacon up. Once this bacon is done, I'm gonna show y'all the next step. Alright, so look at this bacon, guys. We are almost right where we want to be. At this point right here, we're gonna make a Cajun shrimp, a frail sauce, man. So I'm gonna take some shrimp, right? I took the shrimp, I cleaned them, I cut it up right here and pulled the vein out. You see that? You gotta make sure you cut that and get all the vein out of that. Then you wash them real good. Then I'm gonna take some Cajun seasoning, right? Oh man. Alright, I'm gonna mix this up real good. And then I'm gonna add this in there with the bacon. Y'all see that? And I'm gonna cook these shrimp a little bit. Once these shrimp were, I needed the be guys. Now we're gonna start building the sauce right in this spot for this so it will not go anywhere. Hey, right? Look at this. The right way we want to be, the shrimp are looking good. Like a quarter of a way cooked because we're gonna add the sauce in here. Right at this point, we're gonna add the garlic. Now I roasted the garlic, but you could buy roasted garlic as well. So I got some roasted garlic and I'm gonna add that in there. Gonna mix this up. Man, this is looking so good. Now what I'm gonna do is add my heavy cream to this. Now this is heavy whipping cream. This is gonna make the Alfredo, the Alfredo. We're gonna let that simmer for about five minutes. Let it get nice and thick. I'm gonna add some Parmesan cheese, but I'll show you guys that step right when we come back. Man, this is looking good. All right, so we got it simmering, right? You know, sometimes you gotta let it simmer down. Baby, you know you gotta let it simmer down. Right when you get to this point right here, you take the Parmesan cheese and then you add the Parmesan cheese. And this is gonna help it get nice and make a nice thick creamy sauce, all right? Once that cheese starts melting, you're gonna see this sauce starts to get a little bit thick. Now I want the cajun cream sauce. So I'm gonna add a little bit more cajun this season to my sauce, all right? A little bit more cheese. And then guys, I'm gonna let that simmer let it get nice and thick. And then I'm gonna add the spinach. I'm gonna add the feta cheese. The feta cheese. Said that right? Feta cheese. And then we're gonna put this together, guys. Don't go nowhere, man. I got another special surprise for you that I didn't tell you about. So don't go nowhere. All right, so this is nice and creamy. Y'all see that? And I just kept stirring it. I kept stirring it. Had it on a medium low heat. And I kept stirring it like, shrimp are nice and plump. You got the bacon in there. And that cajun cream sauce. Oh man, we're looking good. So it's a couple of more steps. I'm gonna take my hat, all right? I'm gonna take some basil. I mean, this is not basil. It's the spinach. I'm gonna take some spinach. And then I'm just gonna tear them and just drop it in there just like that. Now you can use spinach leaves like I did. Man, or you can get you some frozen spinach. Or you can use basil. You can use whatever you like. But this spinach is gonna help take it over the edge. And then my feather chini pasta. Gonna take that feather chini and add it right and pop like that. Look at that. Look how beautiful that looks. You gotta see that. Man, so now I'm just gonna take this pasta and mix it up with that bacon. Man, and those shrimps. You know what I'm saying? Nice and creamy. Y'all see this? Fold it over like that. Oh, yes. We are almost ready to start collecting this guys. So we gonna get ready for the next step, man. This is looking so good. I'm gonna turn this heat off. Heat it with a little bit more Parmesan. I'll show you how it went out next. So awesome people. 45,000 and y'all awesome people. You can't have a pasta. You can't have feather chini up frails without garlic bread, right? So this is our garlic bread. So what I'm gonna do right now is cut just a little bit of the top off, right? Of the garlic bread. Cut that off like that. And then I'm going to just hollow out. Say chef, why are you always hollowing out? I'm gonna show you out. So I'm just gonna take some of this out just like this. Actually, you can freeze this. This makes really good croitons, all right? Take that out like that. And then you take some of this garlic butter that I have right here. And just put it on here like that. Man, so we just slather it down with this garlic butter. You feel me? It's just awesomeness, right? You flip it on here. Let's even get this side right here because we're gonna use it all, all right? Man, look at that. I'm just gonna make it rain on that thing. And that's how we see it right here. Y'all know we are always building flavors. Hey, right in the middle of this video, don't forget to like, share and subscribe, all right? Don't forget, now I got that in there. Got that smother down in there. I'm gonna take some Parmesan cheese. Say chef, what are you doing? You gotta see that all around the outside. Some Parmesan cheese, right? And then I'm gonna take some cheddar cheese. Oh yeah, cheddar makes it better. And I'm gonna put it inside here. All up and get the crevices of that thing, right? Take it in there and just put it all in there like that. Like you see on here, chef? Say what do you got that big pan right there? I'm glad you asked. Say what's this big pan for? Put the cheddar cheese on here. Man, that looks so good. I got every crackin' crinny in there, right? Then I'm gonna take this right here. Hey, spread down really good. So I'm gonna spread down stick, you know? You can use some of that garlic, but if you want to, I just opted to use that. I'm gonna set this right here. Don't go in the woods. Stay right there, Cameragas. Alright, pull your all ahead and spread. I ain't playing the game. Say what we gonna take is pasta. You gotta see that, pray to the shrimp. Y'all see it? You see that? You see that camera? Do you see that camera, Gat? Alright, we're gonna put that in here. Oh, you cannot be serious. We gonna put that in here, right? Man, this is so good. Now, you can serve it traditionally, but Josh, you know me by now. I don't even roll like that. I'm gonna add this in here. And I'm gonna stack it real good, too. Y'all see that shrimp? The bacon, the cheese, the creamy, afraid of the sauce that we made. Do y'all see it? The spinach? Make sure you get it in there now. Let's get some shrimp. Make sure we get some shrimp in here. Okay, y'all see it? I mean, you can done it, because what I'm gonna do now is pick some of this cheese on this thing, right? Takes a parmesan, just make it red. Right? And parmesan on there. Oh, should I say parmesan? I know. Then I'm gonna take some of this mozzarella and just make it red. You roll it right here. Oh, should I say mozzarella, all right? Put that in there like that. Okay, then I'm gonna take some of this. Takes a parsing and Italian, just say the parses. You do your hair like this, everything becomes Italian, all right? Put it on there like that. And just woo, run it. Now this, and this, I'm going to add 400 degrees like juvenile, 400 degrees for about 15, 20 minutes, just so all this cheese can melt. And when I come back, you and I mean you us. Go enjoy this. Faded chini, I'm afraid of, no, no. The black and shrimp, faded chini, I'm afraid of baked inside, garlic bread or cheesy bread. Man, Chef, you better get out of here. I'm putting this in the oven and I'm gonna hot that job. What? Come here man. You know we in between the takes and all that. Check this out, can we get it? Look how that's melting. You see that man? See how that cheese is melting on that thing? I'm gonna give about, maybe about two, three, maybe even four more minutes and I'm gonna put it out. But looking real good right now man. Oh, y'all, wait till y'all see this thing. All right, so I'm getting ready to put it out of the oven. Look at that beautiful, loonness, beautifulness. Look at that guys, nice and melted, beautiful. I'm gonna take it right here. Man, cheese. Look at that, great, it's nice and crunchy. So what we gonna do, and this right here guys, listen. You can use chicken, you can use shrimp, you can use sausage, you can make it tomato sauce. Just make it yours, right? You know take this, bring it out. Oh, this is looking so good. Put it right here just like that. That's more just to the side. Oh man, this is, I mean you ain't gotta do much to it now. You know, take some more cheese, just if you want to, just sprinkle the cheese on here like this. And then I took some basil, right? Some fresh basil. That basil, man, it's just gonna give it so much flavor. People are wondering what that is. Man, God, this is so delicious looking. God, take the cheese, look. More cheese, put it on there like that. Man, we're gonna take some parsley and just set it on here, man. Any way you like, any of you. I think I gotta be the way I'm doing it. This is looking so good right now. Now, what I'm gonna do next is take some Cajun seasoning and then hit it with the Cajun seasoning. And then I'll show you guys, this is pretty much it. I'll show you guys what, how we gonna, what's next, man? God, this is looking so good. So put this Cajun seasoning on here like this. Just let it, you know, let it sprinkle around everywhere. Just let it fall down, man. And that's it right there. You take this, just set it here, guys. Just set, you put it anywhere. We can open things that day and like that. And say it just like this, how good is that look? Here it is, guys. Here it is. Chef Jeroz, bake, black and shrimp, or Cajun shrimp, better, chini or frail pasta. Bake inside there, nice, brilliant bread, man. That is awesome. Y'all know we gotta do, we gotta take pictures and all that stuff. So we're gonna do that and then we'll come back and highlight you guys. I'm gonna wish. You can't, we gotta always hungry, man. Can I get this please, can we go out, man? You been staring at it for like the last 10 minutes. We gotta work through, man. All right, so y'all see that, right? We don't took pictures, are we done? Can we, can we cut it through a camera guy? Okay, cool. So what I'm gonna do is just set this right here, guys. And then I'm gonna lift this off here. Oh, man. Y'all ready for me to cut into this thing? Y'all ready? Now you know I'm gonna go straight down the middle, because that's where all this stuff is. You know some of the shrimp don't fall out. But if you were serving it at home, what you would do is just cut it and then I put it on the plate. But I'm gonna cut it down the middle. And remember we stuffed it with cheese, remember that? All right, ready for this? Oh yeah, look at that, man. Nice layer with cheese and all that, man. That's what I'm talking about. So I'm not saying shit with general, I'm just gonna cut it like that there. Man, this is crazy. I don't even know how to do it. Get some of this pasta, little bit of shrimp. And then, you know, that's what this got the bread. Come on, let me just stick that fork in it like that, because it's done, right? Take this bread right here. That's what this bread coming in there, right? Just taste it, you don't get none on your bread. So you take the fork and your bread and then you, mmm. Mmm, mmm, mmm. That's my mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm. That right there, you're talking about taking the pasta to a whole lot of them. First of all, that garlic bread, that's smother bread that we did with that garlic butter, they give the bread so much flavor. And then with stuff the bread with cheddar cheese, it tastes the sharpest. Mmm, mmm, mmm. Of that cheddar cheese. Then we put some Parmesan and mozzarella inside. Then we took that creamy pasta that we made that bacon gives it such a good flavor. And then that shrimp and then the garlic again, more cheese and cream and cheese and bacon, fake cheese cream and shrimp. Oh man, this is mind blowing is so good. This is so good. Hold on, let me get another shrimp. I ain't never taste nothing this many times before. Mmm, mmm. Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm. You guys already know that it's fire and death. That is straight fire, I promise you all. All right guys, remember, always keep God first. Yeah, keep God speaking and keeping God first. Shout out to my man, Dariel Howard, at info at freshairclothing.com. Y'all check this out. Go. We usually think of means greatest of all times. But now my man took that goat acronym and he flipped that thing and it says, God of all things, we all know it. The eye lure is the goat. Shout out to you Dariel Howard, at freshairclothing.com. Y'all check out his website. You got some really nice stuff on there. We gonna drop that link below. Speaking of the goat, always keep God first in your life and everything in front of the place. Thank you guys for watching. God bless. Yeah, that's my Italian accent. I must got a little bit of Italian in me because that's cut that because I said a towel. It's this. Motor rotsy. Remember guys, always eat. Whoa. Yeah, cut that because I almost choke. Yeah. You got it.