 I am so in love with Jurassic World right now. So today I'm going to be making my second Jurassic World cake. So today I'm going to show you how to decorate an endominous Rex fossil cake. Let's get started. Now the items you're going to be needing for this tutorial besides your cake obviously are 10 icing graham crackers, shortbread cookie dough, white cookie icing, crystal sugar candy, raw candy, edible gold dust, and your endominous Rex printout that you can find in the description box below. I couldn't find an endominous Rex skull so I kept to make it up myself. Now if you don't want to do the endominous Rex and you want to do the T-Rex then I got you covered only because I made a T-Rex printout too. I want to do endominous so we're going to do this one. First thing we're going to work with is our shortbread cookie dough. So I rolled it out about half an inch thick. Now I've cut out my endominous Rex skull and I'm going to place it on top of our cookie dough. Then with a knife I'm going to cut out our skull shape. Now you want to take your time when you're doing this and really get every curve of each line because it's really going to impact how legit this looks. Be very gentle with the teeth. Now the hardest part of this is going to be taking out the inner parts. So just cut a little bit at a time and then remove it slowly with a tip of your knife. Now once you've taken most of it out you can just take the side of your knife, push along all the little crumbs so that you have a smooth edge on the inside. Now once you've got that little one done the rest of them are pretty easy. Now into the oven it will go. Now I'm cooking this at 275 for about an hour just to make sure that the whole thing is crispy. Oh my gosh. Yeah this looks so cool already. So our cookie has been cooling for about an hour and that room temperature. So now I'm going to transfer it onto a rack. Then I'm going to take our white cookie icing and I'm going to flood the entire cookie. Making sure they get every edge and you previs and just allow the excess to drip down to the bottom. Now to get the sharpness of the teeth I'm going to take it to thick and I'm just going to help it along the side just so that we have all of that detail there. I love it. How did I come up with this? I love it. So I want this cookie icing to set completely before we do anything with these skulls. So I'm going to let it set overnight and we're going to finish this cake tomorrow. So let's get today too. Oh, welcome. So our cookie is set. Let's work on the icing. So the first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to take our ground crackers, place them into a ziplock bag and then smash them. Crush them until they resemble sand. Place them into a bowl and now I'm going to take our vanilla frosting and I'm going to use yellow and brown food coloring and try to match the color of the ground crackers. Now some of the ground crackers lighter in some of its darker. You want to try to match the lighter color. Now once you've got that done, we're going to add in half of our ground crackers. And then cover our entire cake in it. Oh my gosh. I wish you guys could smell how good this smells. Oh, it's heavenly. I feel like every cake should be covered in this. So now we're going to work with our rock candy. So I separated the green, the blue and the pink rock candy. The blue and the green I'm going to eat all by myself. Now the pink rock candy, I'm going to put it into a ziplock bag, add in some of our gold colored us and then shake it until all the pieces are completely gold. And then I'm going to repeat the exact same process with the blue crystal candy. So we have these giant pieces of gold in our cake which is going to make it look so upscale. All of our stuff is writing so let's just get to decorating. There is an enormous amount of nostalgia throughout the entire movie. Watching the original Jurassic Park gates open. Watching them revisit the main visitor center and having the kids touch the goggles which are so iconic, there's so much throwback to the original movie that you can't help love it. You guys remember the first scene in Jurassic Park where the fat kid was at the archaeological site and he was just talking crap about raptors? There's some rumblings that Chris Pratt might be the grown up version of that kid. Which is kind of awesome and it just adds so much more throwback. I want to be an extra in the next movie. I want to make this face like a dinosaur is about to eat me. I'm going to make it one of my life goals to be in the next Jurassic World movie. That would be killer. I want to do it. And there you have it, a Jurassic World puzzle cake. The wrong candy on this is so awesome and this enormous cookie. Wow. Now if you're making this for a birthday party and you want to make the birthday girl or the birthday boy feel a little more special just sprinkle some graham cracker on top of the cookie. Grab a basting brush or a paintbrush and then have them dig up the bone like an actual archaeological site. Don't be the best interactive dad or mom ever. I can't even with this cake. Well, I hope you guys enjoyed this. Let me know in the comments what you'd like to see me make next and I'll see you very soon. Bye. Want to see more? Head over to myrestpies.com and I'll show you how to become a baking rock star. Or you can watch more right now.