 Hey my lovely foodies, welcome back to Kanax Kitchen again. Today I am going to show you one of the classic bread recipe with lots of butter and garlic in it that is cheesy garlic bread knots and these comes out so delicious and tempting that you won't believe these are prepared at home. So come over to my kitchen to see what you need for this. And guys if you like to watch my videos do give it a thumbs up and you can also follow me on Instagram and Twitter as well for more of my personal updates. First, I'll preheat the oven at 200 degree celsius for 8 to 10 minutes. Next here I've called this pre-made already pizza dough which is proved. You can refer to one of my video on how to prepare the pizza dough right from scratch at home. Or if you want you can also buy the ready-made pizza dough. Now I'm going to transfer this dough onto a clean kitchen platform and spread it a bit using your hands. To this I'm going to add a tablespoon of butter along with the fresh finely chopped garlic. You can add garlic more or less as per your taste. Mix it well and again knead the dough just for a minute or two stretching a tip bit until the garlic and butter is very well combined with the dough. So keep kneading the dough for a while. Now with the help of some dry flour roll out the pizza dough into a big log like this. And then cut it into small small sized equal portions with the help of a knife or a cutter this way. Then take a piece of dough roll it out and stretch it into a longer portion like a strip using your hand or with the help of a rolling pin like this. You can roll it slightly into a long strip but do not make it very thin. You can stretch it up to a length of about 6 to 8 inches. Next I'm going to stuff it up with some grated cheese. Here I'm using the processed cheese but if you want you can use the combination of the mozzarella and the processed cheese here. Once nicely stuffed then close it from both the sides flipping inwards and pinching the edges together this way. Make sure it's properly sealed and the cheese doesn't ooze out while baking. Now form a log again and roll it slightly on the platform or even surface. And now comes the interesting part. Carefully tie each portion into a knot this way by twisting and tying it this normally how you do for a knot. So you can see this one knot is ready. Keep doing this with all of them. You can twist and tie a knot however comfortable with you. Need not necessary all the knots should be of same size and shape. So this batch is ready. Place these on a butter paper lined baking tray and cover it with a lid or a cloth and let it prove for another 30 to 40 minutes. Now remove the cloth and check. You can see it has puffed up nicely after the second proving. Brush each knot with some butter. Nicely to cover all the sides and edges. This will help in giving nice crispiness and golden brown while baking. Once nicely brushed with the butter place it into the oven to bake for about 20 to 25 minutes at 180 degrees Celsius or until the turn golden brown and nicely puffed up. While they are baking we can quickly prepare the butter spread for this in a small small span over medium high heat and the remaining butter. Once the butter is melted add in the parsley along with some oregano and the red chilli flakes and just heat everything for a minute or two. Mix it well and switch off the flame. Now let's check our knots. Yes you can see they are done enough. You can see how nicely they have risen up with the gorgeous golden brown color on them. Remove the tray out of the oven and while they are still warm pour a teaspoon of butter mixture onto it with the help of a spoon or if you want you can brush it with the help of this brush and spread this butter garlic flavor over it. Keep doing this with all of them. The warm garlic knots will absorb all the flavors of the butter oregano, red chilli flakes and the parsley. So do this while they are still warm. So these lovely and appetizing cheesy garlic knots are ready. I'll break it and show you how it looks from inside. It's so spongy and light with the cheese stuffing. When you bite into it it's like a burst of cheese and garlic in your mouth and I'm sure if you'll have it once you'll get tempted to it. So do try this at home and if you like this video do give it a thumbs up share the videos with your friends and subscribe to my channel.