 Hey guys, Chris Fix here and today I want to explain to you why you should not use bugs for your headlights to make them clear again. You might have seen something like this where you use bug spray with Deat in it, in this case 25% and you spray it on the headlight to remove the haze. First off, you don't want to spray this directly onto the headlight. You have all your paint and your rubber trim here that is going to get damaged if you do that. You want to spray the bug spray onto a towel. The reason why the headlight is getting so clear is because the Deat actually melts the plastic on the headlight and the oils that are in the spray fill the pores of the headlight plastic as well. You can see all the oxidation residue that comes off the headlight with the Deat. It does a really good job of cleaning it off but that's because it's actually melting the plastic. If you don't believe me that it's melting the plastic, this is actually tacky. I don't know if you can see my finger sticking to it. And you can actually see my fingerprint that it leaves right on here. Just because all that plastic is melted, it's a tacky surface. Now you can see this looks really amazing and I wish it would stay like this but it won't. I wanted to test out the long term clarity of using bug spray but just two days later the headlight started getting hazy again. Although this might work to get your headlight nice and clear for an automotive inspection or something so you could pass inspection, it's not going to last. There are other better methods that you could use. Now I don't recommend using this method to clean your headlights because the Deat will continue to melt the plastic until it washes off. And then as it rains it will wash off and it will wash off down onto your bumper onto your paint and it will actually damage the clear coat on your paint and it will damage the bumper if you have plastic bumpers. Now I'm not saying that this doesn't have its applications. Sure in some situations this actually might be very useful. I would use bug spray as a last resort method to try to get your headlights clean before you have to replace them but there are other methods that work just as well and they pose less of a risk to all your paint and plastic and everything because you're not actually going to melt the plastic using these other methods. So if you do use this method you want to give it a shot like I said make sure you spray it on a paper towel first and then wipe the paper towel on. Also don't let it stay on your headlight. Give it about 10 minutes to do its thing but then make sure you clean it off very good multiple times and remove the Deat to prevent damage. I also tried this out on my truck headlights because I need to replace these anyway. You could see that this headlight had a problem with a lot of cracking and everything and this is actually where the bug spray worked pretty well and I would actually consider it because this headlight is shot. So as the final note does bug spray actually make your headlights clear? Yes it does. Does it do it in an effective way? I don't think so. In less than a month your headlights are going to get dull again and not only that you're risking the damage to your clear coat finish on your paint and also the plastic bumpers and stuff that this might get on. I'd like you guys to comment below to let me know if you've tried this before or what methods that you've tried before and also how long they lasted. I'm sure there's going to be plenty of people reading the comments and I'm sure they'd love to hear what you have to say. Now if you want a home remedy that's safer to use than the bug spray and it'll give you similar results try using toothpaste. I made a video using toothpaste to clean the headlights and make them clear again so you can see the results which will surprise you. To get to that video you can click on the screen or you can click on the link in the description below but before you do that remember to share this with your friends so they don't damage their headlights or their paint. So give the video a thumbs up and consider subscribing for more helpful videos like this.