 I'm going to get my day started. I'm about to go and wash a truck. I think it's a 2004 Chevy Silverado Blue Can. It should be too hard. I hope it's not filthy. But if it is, I'll drive a little bit. I'll be right back, and I'll be back. I'll give it a try. I'll drive a little bit. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. If it is more money for me, that's just how I look at it But I'm gonna get in and head that way. I'm gonna talk to you guys as I drive It is 8.53 Supposed to be there at 9.30, so I should make it their own time Got a question last night from Causing self-jotie His question is I was wondering if you could do a video on how the pay is for automotive car washing If you can make a good living on washing cars Like how you are doing as you are alone since it's your company I'm not asking how much you make. I'm just wondering If from what you Experienced if a regular person could live a good life on Pay like that Thank you Okay, Jotie The answer to your question is yes, you can make a good living You can't make a good living detailing cars or washing cars It's pretty much If you're good at it and if you enjoy doing it If you don't know if you don't enjoy doing it and you're just doing it for the money You may You may be successful, but it might be temporary because if you don't like something And you're just doing it for the money eventually you're gonna get tired of it, but Let me say this Some a few months back I was looking at a Steve Harvey video and if you want to look it up look up go to YouTube and Look up Steve Harvey's how to be a millionaire and he pretty much explains it well He's basically basically said that if you can find someone That will pay you $10 For a skill that you have if you're good at something Whatever the case may be and if somebody is willing to pay you $10 for that skill that talent that you have Then you can make some money out for it. So you can find one person Then you have to find 10 people and after you find 10 people you have to find 100 people something like that. So I think it's the rule of 10 Something like that. I think that's what it's called, but Just look up Steve Harvey how to be a millionaire and he will He breaks it down, but Yes, you can make a good living. I make a good living doing this It's a slow process. It's not gonna be A quick thing, you know, it's gonna be a and I'm not gonna necessarily say a slow process because I know people who have grown rather quickly But it's a process none deletes You're not gonna it's not like you're gonna start Today and then you know a month from now you're making hundreds of thousands of dollars It's not gonna it's not gonna be like that, but if you stick with it and you love what you do and you stick with it And you work on it you can be Success All right guys, I've been on the highway for about 30 minutes 30 minutes drive It should be From should my Exit pretty soon I add when I when I drive this far out the new car head Maybe about ten dollars to the price So Hey It's all good And also I want to talk about like just doing good work taking pride in your work Take taking pride your work is also Sorry, my day guys taking pride in your work is also a Part of advertising And I say this because this is why I'm headed to this job now That Cadillac that was real dirty And I watched a Early early last week I watched a white thing was a white traverse Sherry traverse I made a video about it Well That that a client referred me to the Cadillac To that white Cadillac I watched and The white Cadillac referred me to this person so that had that you know, that's how it works word of mouth if you do good work Those people Be so happy especially they got a dirty feel And you and you turn that dirty feel good to something different I mean you made it look new again and sometimes they they car be so dirty They're ashamed for you to watch it and they don't think it's gonna They don't think it's gonna turn out good, you know, they're like well, you know Anything is better than this But when you do when you exceed their expectations, they're gonna be your mouthpiece They're gonna they're gonna go out there and they're gonna talk you up They're gonna talk you up to their friends and and you know and you get more You're gonna get more clients that way Continue on us. He west for three quarters of a mile Well, I'm almost Oh I'm not a writer. Okay Give up my way Oh I've made it This is the That was a long drive didn't think it would be that long, but it's all good Here is the vehicle I be watching think she said it's a 2000 four or 2005 Think it's a 2004 No, no 2005 2005 2005 7 Silverado crew cap 4x4 is the 71 so similar to my truck look at that. There go his And go mine Yeah, but silver Well, he has a crew cap I have an extended cabin minus a oak tool A Nice truck it's not I Already looked in it. It's not extremely filthy You know the seats can be wiped down it's not that bad and you get all So I say take me about an hour tops Maybe I'll in 20 tops some like that it's not bad at all Doesn't look like this vehicle He's driven much what I have in his eyes on it All right Yeah Like this seat has been read read real posted It's like my truck I got my driver seat we done Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh You Pretty much done done the interior done the tires Only thing else left is to dry it off and dry the Put some tire dressing I'll be out here Keep check right there All right, I'm not going to be able to blow this off Because I forgot the attachment to the vacuum cleaner and that's another Con to me because I have to remember I don't like to put those attachments on because when I'm driving Sometimes the wind blows them off and I've lost one attachment already that way. I don't want to lose anymore so I Might have to lead if I do bring a man to live flat and take it off the vacuum cleaner lead flat on the in the bed, but I Oh Oh Oh All right, I'm all done It's looking pretty good All right It's all right, I just check out the interior Trillion wasn't that bad to begin with but One band at all Keep spots on the seats here and there Yeah I'm all done So am I