 Hi, welcome back. Today our recipe is Bhadam Kulfi or Malai Kulfi or Kaisal Kulfi water you call. Actually these are all the ingredients we are going to use. I am going to use 1.5 liter of milk and half a cup of sugar around 3 tbsp of crushed almond, 1 tbsp of crushed cashew nuts, some saffron strings and less than 1.5 tsp of cardamom powder. These are all the ingredients I am going to use. I am not going to use any milk powder or condensed milk or any bread or cornflour. I am only these simple ingredients we are going to use. First of all I am going to boil the milk. I am going to start boiling. In the media flame, I am going to boil the milk. Once it has started boiling, then we will add other ingredients 1 by 1. See here, milk started boiling. Look at the milk quantity. Look at the mark. It is up to here. Now mix it with everything continuously like this. At this point I am going to add all the ingredients, cashew nuts, almonds, cardamom, crushed cardamom and half a cup of sugar. Now stir everything together until it reached lesser quantity. After adding the sugar, the milk quantity increased. In the media flame, I am going to cook further. Just place that wooden spoon like this so the milk will not come out. Look at the mark. Let's wait until it is reduced. Clean the sides. In the media flame only we are cooking. Now check the milk quantity. It is reduced little bit. We will wait few more minutes. While boiling the milk, we try to place the wooden spoon on the chop so it will not come out. Now check it out. See and check the quantity also. See it is reduced. This is the time. Look at the thickness. How thick it is. It is already the flame fully. You can easily see that. See how it reduced. Look at the thickness too. You can zoom it. See how thick it is. Now I am going to turn off the heat. I am going to add the saffron. At the end only I am adding saffron. Mix it well and let them cool. Then we will transfer it to the mold or the balls. Let them cool. We will wait. It is completely cold. Look at the milk. How thick it is. Also it turned into creamy yellow colour. The reason we added the saffron. Can you see that. Now I am going to transfer this cold and thick milk into this mold. If you want you can pour it in the mold or either this kind of containers or tiny balls. If you are making kulfi try to pour this thick milk into the glass or this kind of saran container or the plastic mold. You should not pour this kulfi mixture into this. Your silver or steel container. So it turned into ice. We will not get the creamy texture. Now I am going to transfer a little bit of thick milk into this bowl. I am going to make it in the two ways. The shape is going to be different. Then I am going to transfer the remaining kulfi mixture into this mold. Take a ladle of kulfi and I am going to pour it into this kulfi mixture. I am sorry everything like this. It is done now. Now I am going to close this container as well as if I am close this mold also. I am going to use the plastic bag and I am going to just cover it with the rubber band. Cover the mold like this. It plays the rubber band. Now I am going to place the sticks in the center. Now I am going to place this mold as well as this bowl into the freezer. For next or 10 to 11 hours probably it is over and it is good. Okay let's wait. However it is going to be our almond kulfi. Here kulfi is ready. It is freeze now. Now I am going to show this mold as well as this bowl into the running water. Then we can easily take it out the kulfis from the mold as well as the bowl. Take it out the cover carefully. Now I am going to show this mold into running water. Let's check the bowl also first. Then we will show this to the running water. It is also ready. Now I am going to take it out the kulfis from the mold first. See how beautiful it is. Taking another kulfi also. It is an easy homemade kulfis. This also it started coming out. Now I am going to take it out this kulfi bar. Take a fork or a knife like this. Now I am going to do the upside down trick. And just... Here our kulfi is ready. Garnish with some crushed almonds. You know the black spot from the crushed cardamom. And sprinkle it in a while taking the kulfi from the bowl or any kind of glass. Try to use this kind of rubber spatula so you can easily get it out. Also I am going to add few more crushed almonds. See how beautiful it is. Here we didn't add any condensed milk or milk powder even cornflour. Without adding those stuff we achieved this awesome texture of kulfi. Try this kulfi recipe and like this video and subscribe my channel. And send your most valuable feedbacks. We will meet in next video. Thank you. You