 Hi, this is Nell Foster and today I'm going to be repotting a snake plant. This is one that came out of my garden. I have them in the front of my garden. I just want to show you how tough they are and the roots travel by rhizomes. This is actually an offshoot of a mother plant. It's actually growing in an area that's really dry. That's why it's looking that way. I just want to tell you that this plant is really, really tough. Unlike an African violet or something that you have to be a little more careful about, I have potted some in my garden where I get them in a five-gallon pot and the pot is totally cracked and the roots are coming out. Plant looks fine, it plants just fine so you don't have to be too. You don't have to handle them with kid gloves. This one's probably going to come out pretty easy because I just got it from the grower like a month ago. So you ease it out of the pot. There it goes. You might have to cut the pot off if it's really pot-bound so don't be afraid of that. And you loosen it up. You can see the roots right here. Oops, oh boy. You change your loosen up. So what I've done is I've put enough soil in the pot so that it, oops, says some of it fell off so I'm going to put some more of the soil in here to raise it up. So because I wanted up about half an inch above the pot because it's going to sink down. So a little bit more here, soil here. There we go, that's going to get it. You can just hold it together. If it starts to fall apart, you can hold it together up here. And I love warm castings and compost. It's what I am into my plantings with so I'm going to go in and put a few handfuls. A handfuls of that around here before I go ahead and fill it in. And then I'm going to go in and fill around. So the plant will be supported in the pot. I'm just going to go around and I'm going to fill in with soil all the way around. So it's nice and even up here. And it's very important you use a soil that drains really well. I have been working with plants for ages so I know how to keep them wet and dry. So I'm just using a regular potting soil with this. If you tend to be heavy on the watering, you might want to use half cactus mix, half potting soil because that's going to keep it drier. But it's really important that that drains very well because this plant can actually go about four weeks with that water, no problem at all and they like being on the dry side. So just make sure you don't use a heavy soil for it and keep it dry. So I'm going to go around and I'm going to fill the pot back in with soil.