 Hey guys, it's been a very long time. The last time that I did one of these was my freshman year of college and I made a video called I'm Back and I was like, I'm gonna make all these videos. And then I made zero videos after that. So I'm a liar, basically, of what we can take away from that. But no, it's just... Life was just... kind of... taking me on a whirlwind and I was just in such a different place than that I am now. And I have like a ton of new ideas for videos that I want to do. But today, I wanted to share a couple of ways that I am repelling insects this summer. And if you're like me, I attract a ton of mosquitoes for whatever reasons. I've always been this way. I go camping with my family and nobody else will get bit but me. So yeah, what I want to do is just use an insect repellent every day, first of all, because when I was using off or any of those other ones that have like, deep and other toxins in it, I was like, oh, this is heavy, this is making me sticky. I don't want to use it every day. And so then I just wouldn't be using it and then obviously it's not effective. And so I did a lot of research and I found two different things. One of them is a product. So it's this. The herbal insect body oil. It's deep-free, has meme oil and other essential oils. I just found one on Amazon. I can provide a link for it below and it works super well. It kind of smells like lemon grass for sure. That's probably the most dominant smell that's coming out of this. But I don't mind it. I love lemon grass. And so if you don't like it, it's probably not for you. But yeah, I use this when I go to the beach, if I'm going, like, not that I've gone camping, but camping or hiking, just something where you can be outdoors all day. Just because it is an oil, and I just feel like you can really like, lather it on and it'll stay on all day. So, yes, this. The other thing that I use is this. So this you can make and this is the mean bulk of this video is just showing you how I made my own insect repellent out of three simple ingredients. Yeah, just three. One of them is water, so you should already have that. Just tap water is fine. The next is witch hazel. Witch hazel is an antiseptic and it's all natural, 100% natural. And the last thing is essential oils. So I did a lot of research to find which ones are the most effective in repellent insects, especially mosquitoes. And I narrowed it down to three. I have lavender and tea tree in the same bottle, peppermint and eucalyptus. There are a bunch of other ones that work really well. You do not have to buy all four like I did. I have a friend that used only one essential oil actually and it works super well for her. I went a little crazy because I do that. I love going shopping for stuff like this and so there were maybe like six or seven that I could buy and then when it came down to I chose these four. And it's just because they smell really nice together. I would be careful because some do smell pretty rank when mixed together. So test them out. And yeah, in terms of testing it out, do test it on your skin. See if you have any sensitivities because you're going to be spraying this all over your body and you don't want to be breaking out in like rashes. That's not. That's not going to be helpful at all. So all that I did to make this insect repellent is I combined E.C.O. Parts water and witch hazel. Measure it if you like. I didn't measure it just because I don't think that for this particular recipe you need to have the exact proportions. And so you just pour E.C.O. Parts into your little spray bottle here. And just with the spray bottle, I would recommend using one of these instead of like the little perfume bottle finds because I use that. But I think just because of the nozzle type and the oils, they got clogged up so just it didn't spray after like three times using it. And so I decided to transfer it into one of these which you can get at like a dollar store or something. But yeah, so you have E.C.O. Parts water and witch hazel. And then you want to add anywhere from I would say 30 to 45 drops of essential oils. I did 45 so 15 per bottle just because I wanted a repellent that was going to be very effective. Obviously the more that you use, the more effective it is going to be because it will be stronger. So use your best judgment. You know your skin the best so trust yourself. And then after you're done, you just kind of give it a swish and then that's it. That's literally it. It's just three ingredients and what I would do is just spray it all over your body after you have your clothes on. And then I usually just let air dry because it dries within like seconds. But you can like rub it in if you want. And then for your face what I would do is just spray some on your hand. And then I just kind of do that and then like and then yeah, that's it. There are some days where I forget to put it on before I leave my house. And that is just me being forgetful and not being will keep to a routine. But on days that I do use it and I go to the beach, I might like my friends get mosquito bites. And I don't which is crazy because I am always on the get some mosquito bites. Yeah, see how it goes. Let me know if you have tried it. If it works for you in the comment section below. And then also what combinations of essential oils you use. Try both of them. That's what I do. But or just do one. I hope that this helps and I hope that this helps you stay insect free this summer. Thanks. Bye guys.