 Hi, welcome to Show Me The Curry.com. I'm Banu Jira and I'm Hippel and today we have a special guest, Mangaladishmuk. She is our resident consultant for allergens and allergy-free recipes. A lot of people are suffering from gluten allergies and egg allergies and many different allergies. Today she's going to show us a basic flour mix which is going to be gluten-free. It's a basic mix that can be used for many different recipes. Just the mixture right now. This mix can be used for muffins, for pichests and of course for puris, parathas and rotis. You can even make anuja and hatels fantastic cut rolls with this mix. I'm sure you can think of 10 other ways to use it. Please tell me. It's an open discussion. Any time you have something, it's bichin. Let's start with a few things. We've got some new things over here. Let's start off with... This is sorghum or jual flour. Yes, the Indian juari which is sorghum and which is very high in iron and protein plantium. It has the lowest glycemic index possibly of all the food grains because it is assimilated so slowly in the body. These flowers actually are richer than wheat in nutrition. It's good for your health. It's good for diabetes. It's good for diabetes because of the low glycemic index. Fantastic. We're going to be using this. This is amaran flour and also known as rajipa and gira in Hindi. Yes. Amaran 2 is very rich in protein, calcium iron and amino acids in amaranth are a little unusual for vegetarian food because these amino acids are usually contained in meats. This is a plus point for amaranth. If you look at the root word of amaranth, amaranth means something which increases longevity. In some states, the word amaranth means immortal. It stands for good health. Of course, as a lot of us know, anytime we're dealing with gluten-free flowers, the hardest part dealing with them is the binding effect. They have no elasticity, no binding effect. So we're using cornstarch today to help us overcome that. Yes. If anyone has an issue with cornstarch, use tapioca starch. That's also a very good idea. Finally, we have... Santangam. I wasn't sure what to say. Santangam is, as its name says, a gum. It is used for adding a kind of stickiness and elasticity to the flower. Otherwise, what you will get can be a bit crumbly. It's a terrible smell. But using too much, Santangam will make it sticky. Although there are recipes which tell you that you can use one teaspoon for one cup, I found that a bit too much. Because then it starts sticking on your hands. You will probably get less jagged edges with the more Santangam, but I prefer the texture with the quantity that we are using today. The Amaran flower and the jar, of course, is available at Indian grocery stores. And the Santangam, we were able to find out a health store. So just go down to your natural food store or your health store and you know, you're pretty sure they'll have this. Or you can use Guargam, you mentioned. You can use Guargam too. But you prefer this product over that, right? Yes. I mean, there are some nutritionists who say that Guargam has a bit of a laxative effect. Although I don't know if that tiny quantity is going to do it. Guargam has made incidentally from the Guarbean which we use in India. That's right. Guarlic. Oh, awesome. So we're going to now just make a whole bunch of a whole lot of flour. And you're going to use it over, you know, indifference recipes and different forms. So let's just get started with that. And this is the basic proportion for this flower. So, how much of the one flower? One cup amulet. I've tried to minimize the use of cornstarch and have more of the flour. I have more nutritionists. Oh, yes. Let me show you this for that. But we still need it for binding. Yes. Three quarter cup of cornstarch. Now for this quantity, we just add one teaspoon full of zamkongam. So just one teaspoon? So how do we store the rest of it? You can put it in a bottle and put it in the fridge because it lasts for a very long time. Okay. So it doesn't have any... Yeah, it's valid for like over a year. So I think you're in good shape. And you put it in the fridge there, you know, you can use it for a little longer than that. And half a teaspoon of salt. Yes. So do you use the half teaspoon for like everything or is it depending on the recipe you're using it for? Because if you're using it for something that does not need salt, I'm just curious. Yeah. But you know, if you use it for a pie crust too, you need it in the fridge. This quantity is okay. Okay. It's not a lot. So I think total is about three and three quarters of a cup. So I guess one half a teaspoon is not too much. And the only thing, if you want to use a pinch more of zamkongam, you could. Okay. So now we have this basic flour which you can store in an airtight container. And if you put it in the fridge it lasts a long time. But then now we are constantly making. You know, so you do actually have to. So of course you can double-trip it. You know, make a whole big batch and keep it. So I think that's a very good idea. Just take it out, take a scoop and use it. I love the fact that it's over-satellite. You can use it for many different recipes. So you're not just making jappatis all the time with it. You can make anything. You can make desserts. You can make your jappatis perfect. So once again, this is our basic gluten-free flour. And we're going to have many, many recipes using the same mix of flour. So stay tuned for that and join us again on another episode of Show Me The Curry.com. I think a pinch of spice, fuel life. Oh, very nice. Thank you.