 Devon, I'm sorry, Derek's coming up a little bit later on. I can't keep it in here. It's okay. I'm sorry. It's okay. Let's talk about Hollyhawks. Yes. Because Hollyhawks have always been a favorite. These don't look like Hollyhawks. No. That I remember. Exactly. And what makes these different, most Hollyhawks, you kind of consistently know that you might get blooms every other. Yeah. These will bloom every year. Yes, starting this year. There's no secret why these are our only Hollyhawks of the year because these guys are stout and willing, ready to start blooming for you this year. This is going to be one of the very first plants that's actually blooming, starting this May. And now most Hollyhawks that people are used to growing, they'll generally, they grow about six to eight feet tall. They'll give a few flowers here and there. And they bloom every other year. These guys, instead of growing tall, they actually grow about two to three feet tall. But what they do is they use their energy to produce flowers from head to toe, up to 75 flowers, per flower stock. With multiple flower stocks per plant, you can do that. You're going to have so many Hollyhawks every single year. You have enough here. This sold out back when it was on the air the last time. And it happened quickly. You've got enough here with your Hollyhawks to do a border that would be how long? About a 10 foot border. So one collection is going to do a 10 foot border. If you want to line a fence or the side of your home, this is the plant to do it because these are a perennial Hollyhawks that's hardy to negative 25 degrees. They're going to start blooming this year. And they're going to bloom for four months. You're going to have flowers like that. Generally, Hollyhawks will bloom two months, June and July. These are going to bloom starting in May a month earlier. And they're going to bloom all the way through August a month later. You give us a full six-piece set. These actually sold out last month. And we were very fortunate that you had some in your green houses to bring back to us. But this is our final remaining quantity for the entire year. Yeah, this is all that we have. Everyone loves these because this is truly a celebrity for every garden because this Hollyhawks does everything that everyone is wanted out of a Hollyhawks. But they can never have because normal Hollyhawks, they grow tall. Yeah. Eight feet tall. They flop over. You have to stake them. They produce maybe a couple of flowers here and there. These guys are dwarf plants growing about two to three feet tall. They will not flop over. They're manageable. They don't get legged. They don't take over. And the colors are incredible. And people keep telling me how vibrant they are. Yeah. And it's like Mother Nature's paintbrush. They're very full-rich colors that will not fade in the sunlight. That's why these are so incredible is because these are heat-resistant. Okay. Now that allows them to retain this gorgeous color in your garden for four solid months while the other Hollyhawks are fallen by the wayside. One of the most prestigious awards in the world. Oh, yes. Of gardening. This is like the Oscars for your plants. Yes. This is the Flurros Select Award winner. These guys won gold prize back in 2012 because they're so revolutionary in a Hollyhawk. You're going to get six plants. When they come to you, they're going to be fat like an exparagus staff. And the leaves have this wonderful velveteen touch to them. But this one's already getting ready to bloom. These are going to be one of the very first plants growing and blooming in your garden. Yeah, exactly. They're ready. Dan, let me show you guys something pretty cool. So what we have in this pot, this pot is what two plants are going to look like by around 90 days after you've planted them. So these guys are going to produce plants that look like this this year. But these are not, they're not going to just go away after one year. They're going to come back every single year, which is truly revolutionary in terms of Hollyhawks. No other Hollyhawk to my knowledge is a perennial. And these produce up to 75 flowers per... No, no, no, no. Per stock. Per stock. Per stock with multiple stocks per plant. Beautiful. Already over a thousand of you have been on the phone lines this morning. We had 5,000 that these folks committed to, that will be shipped at the appropriate time for your weather conditions. And when spring comes to your backyard, tomorrow night, oh wait, ignore that. Tonight you'll set your clocks forward by an hour. So tomorrow evening, the sun will appear to have gone down an hour later. We are close to spring. And what these folks do in their greenhouses, it really isn't heard of. If you love Hollyhawks, you wait. It's every two years that you get flowers. Every year you'll get them. Yeah. And it'll be one of the first true flowers that you'll see blooming in the spring. And I have a normal Hollyhawk. Generally Hollyhawk flowers are... They're just... They're thin flowers. They're just... They don't look that nice. Versus these flowers which are all double flowers. So they're much fuller and richer compared to the average Hollyhawk. And that is why your flowers look so much fuller and so much richer. These buds want a burst open. Yeah. I love a plant that enjoys spring as much as we do after a tough winter. I know. Exactly. I remember that. You want to know what this is? Tell me. Well, okay. So a lot of Hollyhawks, when the summer hits, the heat makes them just kind of start to melt away. So you want to... Most people deadhead them. What happens is that you're losing all your seeds. These guys... These look good even in the heat. And so you want to just keep them on the plant because each one of these guys is an old spent flower. Now, these flowers will fill with seeds that you can see are in my hand right here. Right. And... That's a whole new flower. The wind will come. The seeds will spread. They'll naturalize in your garden. They'll give you more and more gorgeous Hollyhawks every single year. These sold out last month. We were able to get 5,000, a commitment for 5,000 additional sets. Now, half of that is gone. We're going to go off... There's what, 2,800 left. We're going to say hello to Kit. Kit, where are you calling from? From where's home? From where's home. From where's home. Okay. OK, Kit, could you turn your TV down, please? I'll go off. There's what, 2,800 left. There you go. Oh, I think we lost Kit. Sorry about that kit. Holly hocks again. These are great for fence lines. Yeah. I like the photo around the mailbox. Great for implanners as well. But these are winter hardy. These will withstand. It's a negative 25 degrees. And they're a shorter Hollyawk, two to three feet tall. That's why they're so exceptional is because instead of growing tall, they produce flowers instead. OK. Up to 75 flowers per stock of these gorgeous rich, double-wide flowers per stock. Now, you're going to be getting up to six to eight stocks per plant in the first year. OK. So you can easily do the math. You're going to be getting so many of these amazing beautiful flowers. And you get six plants for the price of $36 and 12 cents. I urge you to use automated ordering. If that's what you're comfortable with, you'll find it to be a way of guaranteeing that you get your set before they sell out once again. And that seems to be the consistent story with these virtually every single time we've ever had them on the air. Well, everyone loves Hollyawk, but they've always been such a hassle in the garden. That's why these ones are so popular. And why they, honestly, why they sell out every year? At $36 and 12 cents, you're, again, getting an award-winning plant, one of the most prestigious awards in the world of gardening. And that was just about a year and a half ago, yeah? 2012 there. The gold winner of the Flero Select, which is like getting the Academy Award or Grammy for a plant. And it's a plant that most people have not seen in these varieties. These colors are so rare in terms of a Hollyhawk, but what's really rare is that these are a perennial Hollyhawk that are going to bloom starting this year and every single year. All of their Hollyhawks, they'll bloom every second year. 1,600 remain. That's it. And when they're gone, they're gone. These folks, by the way, you're shipping in here.