 Hey, you too, Ray Doe here. We're going to do some pickle loaker today. We're going to do this the easiest way possible. I don't actually have everything we always use. We like to throw carrots and garlic in there and that kind of stuff, but we're not going to use that today. We're just going to do a simple recipe and you can see the reason we're pickling this okra is because I let it go a little too long. That's going to be a little bit tough. So if you pickle like that, Brian will break this stuff down over time and make it a whole lot more edible. So the only thing we're going to do to prepare the okra, you see this line right here on this cap. We're going to cut them right there and then we're going to pierce the skin like here, here, here, here and here and here and pop here in the skin. I just mean you're going to take the knife and just stick it in and that will allow the brine to get in there a little bit easier and it will keep your brine level in the jar from dropping too low. If you don't do that, these things aren't going to fill up very easily. So it's just easier just to pierce the skin and like I said, remove this top. I hope it's out of the shot. You just want to remove the top to where you're not actually getting down into the okra, you still got this nice layer right here. So we're going to do that to all our okra and we'll come back and show you how we do our brine. Alright, so we have four cups of distilled water and four cups of white vinegar in our pot. Now we're going to let that brick try to bring that to a boil. Sorry if you can hear the dogs in the background. We're going to add about a quarter cup of pickling spice. I just use McCormick's pickling spice that has everything in it. And then I add about half a teaspoon of ground mustard. I have all that in this cup. Add that in there and then about half a cup of pickling salt. Make sure that salt dissolves all the way before you use this brine. On top of that we're going to add about half a teaspoon of minced garlic to the bottom of every jar. And that'll be our garlic. You could just add a clove of garlic if that's what you have. But we're just going to use minced garlic. That's pretty much the entire recipe for the brine. I don't use much in it. You can use whatever you want, but this is what I use. And while this is coming to a boil, I have my jars and my canner boiling. You know, lids off, stick them down in there, not away they're sand and toss and then have your lids boiling as well. You don't want them boiling, but you want them simmering on a low heat. So that the wax gets hot and melts a little bit, so you get a better soup. So we got that going on. We got this going on when we get this ready. I think we're just going to do one corn jar and one pint jar. This will do three to four corn jars. This should be enough brine for at least three corn size jars. So once we get there, we'll come back to show you what we have. All right. All right. So I forgot to mention, you're also going to want to add half a teaspoon of dill seed to this. We don't have it, so we're not adding it. But if you don't, it's not going to taste like dill pickles. So we're going to tweak the recipe a little bit and use some other stuff. I thought the pickling spice had dill in it, but it doesn't. So you're definitely going to want to use half a teaspoon of dill seed. You can see we're almost out of oil. It's one to boil. And as soon as it comes to a boil, just turn your heat down and keep it simmering until you have your jars ready to go and filled with the okra. So we'll come back when we're at that point. All right. So I got my jars full. As full as I can get them any way, I'm going to end up with one corn, one pint out of this one. You're going to want to make sure your lids are clean. You ain't got any of them spices on the rooms. All right, from down real good. Leave about a half inch of head space. You can see once I push this one down, once you get pushed down a little bit, there's about a half inch of head space there. Top them off, throw them in the water bath can or process them for 15 minutes. And then we'll come back and show you what we have. All right. So here's our finished product. And you can see here what I mean about the water level dropping. Because that okra starts sucking up that juice. You know, we had it here. Now it's down here. So that can be a problem. But you can see my okra's lifted quite a bit. So once it starts filling up, it should sink down into the liquid a little bit more. This one seems to be doing okay. So it's not too bad. We ended up with a core compiling. We froze the rest of the barn. You can use that later. So if you don't use it all the first time, don't throw it away. That's going to be it for this one. Thanks for watching.