 Hi, I'm Barb Pearson, Nurse Your Manager at Whiteflower Farm in Lichfield, Connecticut. Today we're going to talk about Lavender Goodwin Creek Gray. It's an indoor lavender grown for its beautiful, silvery foliage. It's fuzzy and when you touch the plant because of the lavender oil in the leaves, releases a great fragrance. It's kind of minty but very soothing. Today we're going to talk about how to take care of Lavender Goodwin Creek Gray in the home. Lavender Goodwin Creek Gray is shipped year-round weather permitting. The plants are shipped in various stages of bud and bloom. All of our plants are carefully packed for shipment. We're going to open this one and look for the growing instructions inside. We're going to remove the inserts carefully. And here's our growing instructions. Now we're going to take our lavender out and you can see that it has tape and some packing here to make sure the soil stays in the pot. Here's our saucer. Lavender Goodwin Creek Gray is happy to spend its summer outdoors in the right climate. Zone 7 is the best place for a lavender if you're going to grow it outdoors. The nice thing about this variety is that it thrives indoors all over the country. Once you've unpacked your beautiful lavender plant, it's time to talk about how to take care of it. The first thing to consider when placing your lavender in your home is light. Lavender is a Mediterranean plant and that means it likes bright light and a sandy soil. Place your lavender in a bright sunny window that receives 6 to 8 hours of sunshine. For watering, I like to use my hands and feel the soil if it's dry one inch down, it's time to water. I realize only once every 6 weeks during the growing season from April to September. You can see on the young plant in front of me that we have flowers that are coming into bloom and some that are yet to bloom. On this plant, the flowers are a dark purple and they're starting to fade a little bit. It's important when the flowers turn brown to remove them. Make your scissors and cut the flower just below where the blooms are. Maintain the overall shape of your lavender by selective pinching of new shoots. For more information on growing, visit our Gardening Help section at whiteflowerfarm.com.