 Hey guys, today we're going to try something pretty exciting. A friend of mine said, a friend of his said, you can use a 55 gallon drum to burn out a stump. So, what we have to do is we have to cut each end of that barrel out and then we're going to put it over the stump of the tree we just cut and we're going to lighten on fire with some of the small twigs and stuff or even trash that you have around. And then a few days the stump's going to be gone. So, we're going to give that a try and we're going to see if the dam thing works. So, stick with me. And there you have it. So, now we have a barrel with both ends cut out. And so, we're going to place that over the stump and light that stump on fire. Okay guys, right here is my stump. I couldn't cut it down lower but there's a lot of dirt up on the stump and I don't want to get my chainsaw chain in it. But what I'm hoping is this barrel will fit over it, mostly fit over it. Then I can throw all these branches and stuff that's been shedding for a couple years and also all those little branches in that bark. I can put in here to stoke the fire which in turn will burn that stump down. So, we're going to see if that barrel even fits right now. It's going to be close. Well, as you can see, it won't go down all the way. But I got a lot of wood in there. Hopefully the fire will just continue to go down and the barrel will drop with it. And I may have to jiggle it and stuff in a day or two. But I think we can work that barrel down and get this stump burnt down into the ground. So, what the heck already got the barrel on there and stuff. We're going to start putting crap in it and lighter on fire. Looks like it's going to storm too. So, I don't know if we're going to beat the rain or if the rain is going to douse it out. Okay guys, it's starting to rain. I mean, you can't maybe see it on here on film but it's starting to rain. It's blowing really bad. So, I'm going to give this up. We're going to come back if it puts rain in or when it dries out. Okay guys, so the other day I was trying to light this fire and it started raining on me. So, it's been about a week. So, everything's dried out. So, I'm going to start a fire here and we're going to see how it burns this stump out if it does it all. And so, I'm going to clean up all these little branches and cut them up. And as this is burning, my plan is just to keep stacking the wood in there until all that little stuff in the bark is gone. And then hopefully by then, which may take a few days, the stump will be burnt down in the ground. So, anyway, I'm going to start the fire now. Okay guys, so I've got a nice little fire started in there. Just keep stacking the wood in. And then hopefully I'll get me a good bed of coals in there that'll work at that stump for a few days. And hopefully burn that thing out. Okay guys, we've got a nice fire going and it's pulling air in from the bottom and coming up through there. You can't quite hear it but it's got quite a sound to it. So, hopefully it'll get down there to the stump and burn most of that or if not all of that out. Okay guys, so it's been about 30 minutes, I've hauled off the larger pieces of firewood and all I've got left is this brush. So, I'm going to cut it up and a little shorter links and start coming up and feeding the barrel. And I think what I'll do is I'll stack that barrel tight. And then I don't live very far from here. I'll just go up and take a break for an hour, come down and repeat that process. But it is really working. I'm about eight feet away. You can't tell on the camera. But it is really glowing. That stump is really glowing right there. And so it's working at it. And my barrel has tilted just a little bit. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to grab a larger log and beat that barrel down and see if I can't get a little tighter. So, anyway, stick with me. Okay guys, so I did what I said I was going to do. I left for an hour. So, when I came back, I noticed the barrel was leaning. I did have a nice and level. And now you can tell it's leaning. And there's a lot of that stump gone. And this is my first walk around. Oh my word. Look, there was a lot of that stump sticking out right here. And it's gone. It's really burning the crap out of it. That's flat, awesome. So, I'm going to shake it around a little bit. Maybe settle that barrel back down over that stump and fill it up again. That's just awesome. If that burns that down into the ground, then this is an awesome system of getting ready your stumps. Okay guys, so I spent the last 10, 15 minutes cramming this saying full. Fill in it down here with a lot of bark. And then I was going to cut all these down smaller. But I just thought what the heck. I'll just throw them in there long. What falls out I'll put in next hour when I come and check on it. So, this is what it looks like now. We'll come back in an hour and see what it looks like then. So stick with me. Okay guys, it's been another hour. And as you can see, that thing's burnt way down. I can't hold my camera over there very long. It's really hot. Okay guys, it doesn't take me long to fill the barrel up. And a lot of the wood had fell off to the side and started burning. So I'm just adding to that. Kind of a one to punch on that burning up all that crap. And also heating up that barrel on the side. So maybe I just got a little lazy. But I'm processing a lot more wood this way. So that's how I'm going to continue. Okay guys, I've got the whole tree cleaned up. And this is the last of it. It couldn't come soon enough. Woo! So anyway, we're going to check back tomorrow. Okay guys, it's the next day. And I am absolutely surprised at what I see. Do you see that? That only means one thing that that burnt that stump down into the ground. Look at that. That barrels in the ground that followed that stump down. That is awesome. Look at that. Nothing left. So let's just get this out of here. Look at that. That stump is absolutely gone. That is freaking amazing. Wow. So that's just, I mean you couldn't ask for anything better than that. So I'm just going to rake that in, level it off, and we'll be good to go. So to answer the question that I initially posed using a barrel to burn out a stump, does the dam thing work? Hell yeah, it works. That is amazing.