 The deboning process is the way I do it. I get my duck and my chicken and I debone those. I debone these three weeks ago and then I froze them. I like to do the chicken and the duck first because then it's, it gets me refreshed in terms of how I've got it deboned the turkey. You could be a little sloppier with this. With the turkey you don't want to be sloppier because when you put it together you want it to be whole. You don't want holes through the skin and everything else. So you can be a little bit less precise with the duck and the chicken that when by the time you get to the turkey you want it to be as precise as possible in terms of not penetrating the skin. These are totally boned. What I do with the turkey is I take out the first and the wings and the legs. I take out the first bone. Some people will say take them out, some people don't take them out. But these create a good, this dark meat area creates a good area for stuffing in and it also helps the structure of the bird when you put it together because ultimately when you put it together you do want it to look somewhat like a turkey even though it's not perfect but that's the whole idea. One of the unique things we do with our turkey duck is it's supposed to tie in it with strings or some people not, some people use skewers. I developed this a couple of years ago. I make a lot of sausage at my restaurant and we use hot cases. A lot of times you'll get them from the supermarket with salt. Now in this case if you were to make sausage you would soak this in warm water. We don't want to soak this. We want it to be tight like a string and when you tie that you're ducking up this becomes when you slice it as edible. So you don't have to worry about taking the string out or the skewers out or the nutty nothen having to think come apart. This was something I developed last year. You could get it the supermarket in salt. Sometimes you go to a sausage place and you'll get it in brine. If you have any leftover though you want to salt it in a last indefinitely. Okay so part of the turkey ducking is now that everything is deboned is the stuffing. The stuffing is an arbitrary thing. You can use corn bread. You can use your old family recipe. What I choose to do is our family recipe. The only change I make with this is that I make it less moist than the stuff that I'm going to serve outside for just a side dish because you're going to have all the moisture of the birds soaking into their bread and it's going to hydrate the bread as it's in there. I learned that a couple of years ago I decided to use less moisture in there and I use less stuffing now also in the layers because you want the bird to stay together when you slice it all the way through. One of the things I learned I do take notes every year in terms of what I do to try to get the perfect product. I'm pretty close right now in my eyes. Dry your stuffing then you normally use. If you use a dry stuffing initially that's great and less of it. When I explained to you when we start putting the stuffing then you don't want to go all the way to the edges because when you go and you put your birds on there when you roll it up you want the meat to touch meat. If the meat's touching stuffing when you slice it it's going to want to open up but if you've got meat touching meat it'll have a tendency to bind together better and the key is to me with this whole process is when you slice this down you want the slice to stay whole. You want to see all the layers you don't want it to fall apart in a million different directions. These tips are the ones I'm giving you to go and when you take your electric knife and you cut through it you're going to have a nice perfect piece of turducket that you display on and everybody gets to take their piece and you get all the different flavors. Now before you put the stuffing down on each layer you should put some sort of a spice seasoning down. Now I'm not honking for Mrs. Dash I use this because it's self-free and if you look at the ingredient label there's a whole bunch of different flavors in there. Now some people if you go online they'll use a Cajun seasoning or whatever but I like to have a subtle seasoning in there I don't want it to dominate but I want it to enhance. So this is the Mrs. Dash because it's self-free and it has a lot of different ingredients in there is my personal choice. You have enough on there this is all personal preference again. You don't want to have your seasoning down on it. Stuff the cavities first. I've made the mistakes in the past of over stuffing the layers and with that it can't over stuff the cavities but over stuffing the layers it has a tendency then like I said and my whole deal is if you're going to go through this process when you make a slice I've said it earlier you want the slices to stay intact. So these are the little tricks I've gone through the years. Okay so turkey seasoning. Dressing, turkey seasoning dressing and then the duck goes on. Now you want to line the breast obviously with the breast on the turkey. And you're just more placing it on there right you're not really. So I'm going to make some turkey so a little more seasoning. Not too thick layer. I want to see I want to leave an edge where the meat's exposed. Right here I don't want to go all the way to the end because when I bring up together I do want the meat to be the touch that helps keep it bound together. Dice, breast, just when you're putting it together you want to lay it out exactly the way the turkey is laid out. You're trying to get where the wing and the thigh portions are aligned. I've got a little bone here. You should always check and touch the field of the deal to make sure that you didn't miss any bones in here. That's part of the fun. Seasoning. It's going to zoom in here to see that there's not a lot of seasoning on there. Here's one of the keys. All casing. Tie it up. It seems crazy but it works. You don't have to cut it out. You cut through it. You're going to need a needle. I got this from a fabric store with a wide eye. Now if you've got a salted casing, you don't want to, if you're making sausage, you want to hydrate it and you put it in hot water for or warm water for 15-20 minutes. This you just want to rinse the salt off. If you want it to be less pliable and it holds to get the nuts a hold together better. So, hot casing to do the tying, nut string, nut skewers, nut nuts. This will assure you of keeping everything together. This is my proud invention. Okay. Now putting the ducking together is if you can do it with one person, you're way better than me. It's a two person process and you want to bring it up and this is always a scary part. I'm not going to be able to get this together but it always does come together. Okay, here we go. Two man process putting this together. I don't think too many people can do this on their own. Be Ken, like I've said before, you'll be better than me. You like to get one side. First stitch right here. Snitch. Yep. Now there's a couple ways of going about this. If you want to do it, you can go and put a couple stitches in and one end, the other end. Wow. Okay, that's easier to do. One side first. Okay. All the way through. Now these ends here, once we get this together, we'll stitch the cavities together. Right now, all we're concerned about is getting this together. Okay, D. So cross it over. Yep. It doesn't have to be beautiful now. If you want to increase the stitches after you're done, the key is right now. I was just trying to get this together. And we've got company. It's our little sweetie, Eva. Stitching again. Doesn't have to be beautiful. This is the downside when you put it down. Obviously, see how this is coming together real nice now? I can hardly, I hardly even have to help them at this point. I'm going to make sure you have enough fat on either side or skin on either side too, right? Yes. Mommy, what do you need to do? Mommy, what do you need to, mama? Can I have a suggestion? If you had to do this one person, you could use laundry clips and clip the skin together and sew it. If you didn't have someone to help you. This is Dr. Milen. Dr. Garcia Milen also knows my wife coming in with a suggestion. We did a video a couple of years ago. And while we're doing this, I just want to explain that I used parts last time. I used duck breast and I used skin on chicken thighs. And it didn't work well because, like I said, I keep emphasizing that you want the slices to remain intact. Now, when you've got the skin on, the skin remains on there. Don't worry, it's going to cook and it's not going to be invasive. But it helps keep everything together. So when you slice it, it doesn't want to go in 15 directions. It's like, you know, you don't want to eat a ravioli and you cut into the ravioli and the cheese squirts on one side and the pasta is on the other. You're going to go through the process. You want all the flavors to be in every bite. Okay, so we're doing... So really, we only had to con two person it for the first couple of stitches, right? Unless he is the clips, right, Christina? Well, now that we've got it together, I want to go in and I want to bring this up. I want to get this top cavity stitched up. So this will give us the double stitch coming up, which will help. So you're just kind of tightening it up and bringing that stitch all the way up to the top? Yes. Okay, this is a pretty critical part, right? Because you want to make sure this keeps everything in. Well, yeah, you've got to seal it totally. So however you go about doing it, some people will go into some stitches on each end and then finish it up. I like to sort of do it. Get the thing together and then come back to the cavities. And then if you get to the cavities and you think you need a little bit more stuffing, it's a good time to do it. So this is all still. This is not even... If you go and you get good hot casing, this is not even one full one. So if you get them in the supermarket, they come in a little plastic containers and they're the pieces. So you're going to get shorter pieces, the ones you buy and salt it in the supermarket. These, if you go to a place that makes their own sausage, they're normally very happy to sell these to you. How much can you get them for? They're probably... You're going to get them... They're about 15 pounds of pound, but you only need a quarter pound. You need a couple of strands. That's all you really need. So the last little bit putting together. There's no real rhyme or reason here. You're just sort of just... Yeah. There's no pattern and you're just kind of doing it, right? Yeah, you know, you've got to... Play it by ear. What's the advantage of using this? Remind everybody again, advantage using this technique versus string or rope or anything else like that. This is edible. When you cut through it, you don't have to take it out. That's so... This will cook. It's like a sausage. You don't have to take the casing off when you eat sausage, any kind of sausage. It's certainly... It cooks. Now this is going to be another long time. You won't even know that this is on there. I've done the string. You've got to take the string off before you cut it. And it has a tendency to fall apart then. Okay, so I'm going to knot this. So the string is ending on this side. I'm just going to anchor it here. Actually, I'm going to go in and come out. Okay, so now I have... This is just like tying laces, right? I have two ends. I'm going to pretend like this is one string. I'm just going to tie this in a knot here. Actually, I'll do it. I won't do the surgeons, and I'll do a regular knot. So I'm doing square knots, so it doesn't come out. I don't know how many knots you need, but that should be good. And there you have it. Thanks, Kristina. This is what seven years of going to medical school will do. Well, it didn't take me seven years ago to medical school. It's four years. But then four years of residency and four years of service. We are going to have to... It has to be trust afterwards. So this is just a finish and kind of tying up the head end or the tail end. Just cleaning things up a little bit, right? Make sure it's sealed. You've got to trust it when I try to give us some shape. So this doesn't lay flat. We serve the gorgeous type of knot. I think I want to clean this cross-down. I'm going to clean the cross-down. You can see that. We've got to trust it when I try to give us some shape. So this doesn't lay flat. We serve the gorgeous type of knot. I think I want to clean the cross-down. That's okay. We got your crayons first. Can you hold it? Okay. Ow. Did you want to film me making this in there? Or be excited? Yeah. I should have gone to... Yeah. I should have gone to... Yeah. I should have gone to... Yeah. I should have gone to... I'm going to put one right here. You do that knot twice, right? You kind of twist it around twice. It does. It looks like a butcher way of doing it. At the stage, two your hands, and you get a little... A little greasy. You could do this with one person, but two makes it a pack of odd easier, right? Yep. Okay. Okay. Now what? Okay. This is a really good idea to do this the day before. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Now what? Okay. Okay. Good idea to do this the day before. Yeah. I see a little tin foil. I do like the bacon. Starting out now. Everybody's got a little different way. 250 for a while. 225, 275. Every year I do it a little different. I keep a chart of... Because I do put an oven probe thermometer in there so I can... You want your internal temperature to be about 165, 170 in the middle. And I keep track of how long it takes every year. That depends on how cold they are. The size of the bird, the whole deal. So you're probably talking about a day-and-hour process maybe longer. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. If you get too it. The level level of térmigos is probably not ideal. I'm trying to start from the average. Thanks Tufant. Thank you very much. temperature of 165. It'll carry over depending on how long you got the carry over anywhere between 8 and 10 degrees which means it's gonna continue cooking so we took the probe out at 173 actually and we're ready to start carving. We'll take the strings off. You see it looks like it still looks like a turkey. It doesn't look like a traditional turkey but that's sort of the idea is to try to have it maintain some of its integrity. It's very preferable to use an electric knife when you tear this. It's my electric knife. Twice a year once it cut the cues for the breading and then it's for the turkey. You can see it's a little bit of a different kind of kind of thing. It's a little bit of a different kind of thing. It's a little bit of a different kind of thing. It's a little bit of a different kind of thing. It's a little bit of a different kind of thing. It's a little bit of a different kind of thing. It's a little bit of a different kind of thing. Okay now we're ready for the final process. I like to cut the legs and the wings off. This is going to be obviously all solid. Neat. Of course this isn't looking too bad either. If you're into eating the leg. There you go. I've got these pieces. I can't even imagine anybody running nose right now. We're going to cut this open in the middle. I'm going to see exactly. Here it is. Look at the juice. All the layers. That's it. Notice with the hog casing, then we have to take the string out of the bottom. It's all edible and we're going to slice and serve. Hopefully you'll learn how to make it to your duck. It's an easy and it says, I started to make them six years ago. I told my wife, I don't know if I want the family to like this because it says it is a lot of work. They loved it and it's been a tradition ever since. Thank you.