 I'm health conscious. I weigh 250 pounds of solid mass with 19 inch biceps at 11% body fat and I can curl 85 pound dumbbells, 16 repetitions of doing 4 sets. All the recipes provided on my channel are what I consume to keep me strong and fit. Hello YouTube! This is Rob from Rob's custom creations and you're tuned into La Panamania. This is a recipe for spaghetti with kelvasa. The ingredients are magically appearing on the left side of your screen. Most spaghetti is made from durung wheat. So it's high in carbohydrates and includes all the nutrients found in refined white flour. Spaghetti is a good source of iron and is low in fat. Now let's get started!니까 So that the sauce can be cooked. And then we place the sauce. So that it is cooked with all that ingredients. Where she is cooking, where she is going to make a sauce, we take the sauce. And then we put the sauce. Then we continue to put the sauce. Something like that. We continue to cook it. First add red peppers, onions, garlic, kielbasa and lemon juice to two tablespoons of oil. And now we continue eating the sauce. So that the sauce has that flavor. I continue to cook. So that it is cooked with the sauce. Everything has to be well mixed. Then add one tablespoon of salt. Mix well. And now we continue eating the sauce of this dish. We have a dish. It depends on the amount of the spice that it will be. I continue to stir so that it is mixed all the way and cooked with the sauce from this dish. And that's the flavor. Next add pasta sauce. And now we continue eating half a cup of water. Half a cup of water. So that's how the sauce goes. And there will be cooking everything well. Mix well. Well they will have more. Then add three cups of water. Mix all the ingredients well. Then cook on high heat. While cooking sausage cooks spaghetti. For a presentation on how to cook spaghetti, watch the video provided. At the end of this video. After cooking sausage on high heat for six minutes, reduce heat. Then cook on reduced heat for approximately 20 minutes. Good afternoon from YouTube public. With this delicious recipe from the sausage chicha with spaghetti. I'm sorry for you and that you have been doing very, very good late. Thank you very much for your attention and distance. I hope you have enjoyed this recipe for spaghetti with keelbasa. For more recipes like this, watch our channel. Thanks for watching and as always, please share like and subscribe. Thank you very much for watching.