 Halo and welcome to my kitchen My dish. Today we are going to make a very interesting recipe. This recipe is made in a bowl. It is made in a chicken bowl. We have taken this method to make a roti in a bowl. It can be made in a pizza bread. But we are ready in this dough. We are also ready in this dough. We have taken 200g of maida. It is a 1 cup of maida. It has a weight of 200g. I have taken 1 cup of maida. We will add some things in it. Here we have 1.5 tsp baking soda. 1.5 tsp baking powder. Salt. 1 tsp sugar. Add 4 tsp of sugar. First, we should make the dough clean. We will add 1 tbsp of oil in it. We will mix it well. We will mix it well. 1 tbsp of curd. This is a 1 tbsp curd. Mix it well. The mixing should be very good. This is a very important part of making this dough at the time. Mix everything well. Mix everything well. Now we will start the kneading. We have taken 1 cup lukewarm water. We have taken a little bit of water. We will mix it in a little. This will not get completely mixed. We will mix it with a little bit. We will knead it for 7-8 minutes. Like this. Look, the dough has come to a point. Now we will mix it well. It has become very sticky. For this, we will add a little bit of oil. We will knead it with our hands. We will knead it till the time we knead it. Until the time we knead it from 4 sides and the time we knead it, it will come to a point. We will knead it with our hands. Now we have to add water. Look, it has become very sticky. Look, now we will knead it in a low-low shape. We will knead it and knead it with a rolling pin. We will knead it with a rolling pin and then knead it for 2 hours. It is very soft and soft. We have taken 1 cup of water. We have taken 1.5 cups of water. We have taken 2 hours of the dough. We will make a filling for 2 hours. We have taken a chicken for filling. We have taken a plate of 100 grams. We have taken a long strip of butter. We have taken a thin strip of butter. If the butter embodces the cheese routinely puttu naerogкая bird v Integrationarin sustainedので boî theater Rettbelpepper nd this is the same cut nd this is the same cut Yellow bellpepper nd this is very big 2 table spoon cut 1 mustareek 2 table spoon 2 table spoon 1 tsp ginger paste 1 tsp garlic paste 1 tsp red chilli powder 1 tsp black pepper 1,5 lemon juice mix all these ingredients add red orange food colour 10 minutes for marination 1 tbsp oil marinate the chicken marinate the chicken marinate the chicken marinate the chicken marinate the chicken marinate the chicken marinate the chicken marinate the chicken marinate the chicken marinate the chicken marinate the chicken marinate the chicken marinate the chicken marinate the chicken marinate the chicken marinate the chicken marinate the chicken marinate the chicken marinate the chicken marinate the chicken marinate the chicken marinate the chicken marinate the chicken marinate the chicken marinate the chicken marinate the chicken marinate the chicken Thank you for watching my channel