 Good morning, Townsend Copper in here, kitchen coach. This morning I'm going to show you how to make scoops pancakes. In this house, the children tell me if they want English-American or Scottish pancakes and then we just roll. So this morning I'll put the recipe up on the website as well so you can follow it. So what we're going to do is combine the flour, it's self-raising flour with the sugar, a little bit of sugar there. So in Britain we'd say, cost a sugar in America, you can say granulated sugar, and a bit of dusted flour. And instead of serving the flour through or anything, this is quickness on the mum, I need the pancakes out now. I actually just use a balloon whisk. With good luck. So I'll mix it together with a hubby snare and I take the way quite a few of the lumps. And then it's a case of making well in the centre. I don't really get stressed by that, I'm tipping the eggs in. And now I'm going to gradually add the half a pint of milk. This is going to be quite a thick batter, not quite as thick as an American pancake, but much thicker than an English one. So you get the idea there. So let's move to the stove where I've already got the pan on. The griddle would work, a large frying pan, anything. We're just going to spoon the mixture in. What we don't want is the temperature to hot. So I just started the pan heating up now as I was getting everything ready. So let's combine the mixture and make the pan. Okay, we're at the stove. I'm just going to combine the eggs already in there. Let's put that on. I'm just going to add the oil. Here, third, third, third. And third. You can see it's getting nicely thick red combined in there. I'm going to add anything actually. Maybe it's early morning, first one. I just want back this pan. I think it's already working. It's going to do a quick scoop around the edges. Make sure I've got all that flour in using the last lick. There we go. And everything's in there. One last. That's it all combined. Those. All right, so I now have the pancake mixture. I'm going to move it this side. So what I'm going to do is just use a serving spoon. It's just slightly bigger than a tablespoon. But it's around that size. I'm going to put that on there. Now, I'm actually, I'm not going to excessively grease the pan. If that's what's put some of that, make it like easy. I don't know why I try to put it on here. And I'm actually just going to use a kitchen towel to spread it around like that. This is just sunflower oil. Now we're going to take a spoon as a time and literally just put it on there. And it should be. There we go. And what I do is have a cooking wrap ready. And that is what I'm going to put them on. So they don't take long to do. Just turn it slightly. And as you can see, the pancakes are getting bubbles. And that means they're ready to turn. So I'm literally just going to go underneath it, flip it. And underneath it, and flip it. So now we have them. I literally going to take 20, 30 seconds on this side. And I'll be putting them on the cooking rack and making the next load of pancakes. So very quick, very straightforward. You only have four ingredients in there. And that was milk eggs. It was quarter pint of milk to one egg, to four ounces of self-raising flour to one ounce of castor sugar. So quick, easy. And I need to take them out, put them all in there. I like these as well, using a dessert spoon. Make them much smaller. I only put a little bit of the sugar in and a pinch of salt. And I use those as a base when I'm doing parties. So you can put smoked salmon and cream cheese on them. They go down very well. So you can see they don't take long. And where are we? Have a fabulous day. Thank you.