 Hey everybody I'm Joe with the tiny home team. I've been meeting to put up a video. I intended it to be more business related but I came across something that I thought I'd share with everybody. It'd be in summertime. There's lots of us with pets that wind up having to deal with fleas and it can be a real nasty situation to deal with and I came across something that is working so well that I wanted to post it for you folks and maybe you know people that are going through the same thing or have pets but you can do it with just a few things that you have around the house and next thing you know, WAM, you're winning the war. Okay this is really simple you're only gonna need three things. You're gonna need a like a desk lamp that kind of has a bendy thing on it. You need some good old fashioned Dawn Dish Detergent. You need a plate or some sort of saucer. You put water in it and I've already done that and I'm gonna show you you put a little Dawn Dishwashing liquid and you stir it a little bit with your finger and you don't need to agitate it too much but you stir it up and this right now is sitting on top of a table but what you want to do is put that on the floor and the carpet and leave it on and as far as I understand the fleas are attracted to the heat from the lamp and so they jump up toward the lamp thinking they're getting a blood meal I guess and they land in the Dish Detergent water and they drown and just to show you 24 hours ago we did this for the first time and this is the results on a plate in one room and you see all of the fleas that are in there. It's amazing. Now in a different room with a house we did the same thing, a smaller plate but what we got in the other end of the house is the fleas are in a different cycle and this is it here and every single one of those little specks is a flea, a little baby flea and I cannot believe how many there are in there if I were to count probably you'd arrive at something near a thousand maybe more I don't know but it's that many less fleas in the carpet and that many less fleas going after the pets so if you want to try it it's sure as easy and it sure does work if you get some friends or family members with pets that maybe having problems feel free to share with them because again it it's simple and very effective thank you very much