 What's up internet welcome to another episode of the air and in Josh cooking show Today on the Josh and air cooking show we're not gonna cook anything we're gonna make a drink and we're gonna make a drink That is my all-time favorite drink P Let's go to you! If you don't know what a Moscow Mule is that's what we're here for We're gonna teach you how to make it it's very simple to make to make a perfect Moscow Mule you'll need these ingredients Let's make that perfect Moscow Mule drink responsibly First things first get your copper mug don't drink a Moscow Mule without copper mug. It does affect the flavor Second step ice now a lot of people would just put cube dice in here no big deal Personally if I want a Moscow Mule I want chipped ice crushed ice when you take a sip of your drink every Swig will have a little bit of crushed ice and that my friends it's a beautiful thing. Yeah, you don't want a big old block eyes Hit your mouth Now make sure when you put the crushed ice in your mug fill it one third of the way see it's already kind of frosting up to the level You can see it at what level that is one of the many many wonderful things about using a copper mug in this drink It's enhancing whatever temperatures are to get there step number three vodka doesn't really matter what kind But every row you want to add a shot and a half a Step number four ginger beer This is very important to me. I would say the ginger beer in a Moscow Mule is the most important ingredient in making the perfect Moscow Mule that's why it really makes it you need ginger beer and the ginger beer you need is Fever tree It's not too sweet. It's not too bitter. It makes your lips tingle a little bit of the bite It does I don't want a super sweet Mule. I want a little So if you go to the store and you get fever she what you should do get the 6.8 ounce size and that is perfect for a singular Moscow Mule now make sure you pour that whole bottle in Don't worry. It's the perfect amount. It's not gonna spill over after you pour your favorite After you pour your favorite tree in there's one more step lives put an entire line in your Moscow Mule trust me. You won't regret it And that's how you make a perfect Moscow Mule cheers here If you're under the age of 21 or maybe you just don't drink alcohol Basically do exactly what we said every single step just remove the vodka The really weird and dangerous thing about a Moscow Mule is you don't really taste the alcohol because The lime and the ginger beer take over Aaron and I are gonna finish our mules forever and always be nice to people and or