 Hello, this is Robert Lambert and today I'm going to make a tabooly salad for you. It's a great summer salad. It's very green and refreshing and the most salient feature is that the bulgar wheat is just soaked in water and you don't need to heat it. So you don't ever need to turn on a stove for anything for this recipe. I've soaked the one cup of bulgar wheat in two cups of water and that soaks for an hour, which usually is about the amount of time it's going to take you to prep all the rest of the ingredients. I'm going to start with a cup of diced tomato and three quarters of a cup of sliced scallions and a cup of diced cucumber. I like to take the seeds out too. One and a half cups of chopped parsley. To make it easier, this washed, I try and bunch them all up so it's just leaves at the tip of a bunch. You can just crunch it all down and hold it and just gradually eat away at it from the edges. It's a good way of doing it because you don't really brew as the leaves the way you did if you would if you were chopping it. So that's a cup and a half, it's a lot of parsley. And then the mint. Mint leaves are great. Part of the very refreshing part of this recipe. Again, you want to minimize the stems. So what I do is strip it like that. And for it's all stripped down, it takes the stems out. So you've just got leaves here and I'm just going to do a nice julienne fine slice. Again, minimizing bruising because bruising causes the leaves to turn brown. Okay, so that is one cup of chopped parsley, mint leaves. And the dressing is quarter of a cup of olive oil. One third of a cup of lemon juice. I use myers because I haven't in the backyard, but you can use it regularly. Now the salt that I'm going to use comes from my salt preserved lemons. Salt preserved myer lemons. They are cured with bay and and blossoms from the lemon tree and kosher salt. And that's it. That's all it's in there. So it's really clean. And it develops a flavor. It's the Moroccans use these in their clay pots. Do they're tezines, chicken medallives, lambs too. And it imparts a different flavor other than just using lemon and salt after with a cure for several weeks. And flavor that forms is very different from just lemon and salt. So what I like to do is either chop them fine or put them through a garlic press. And this allows it to mix into the recipe really freely without clumps. So that I'm going to use two tablespoons. And then to sweeten it up a little bit, I'm going to use a little bit of my Lisbon lemon syrup. This is a new syrup that I just made this year. I just got my hands on some Lisbon lemons, which are similar to the traditional Ureca's. They have a higher acid content than the mayors. And I think it's there a little nicer maybe for this application. So I'm going to do two tablespoons of this. And it's going to balance the acid in the lemon juice. Smells really good. The mint is wonderful. I'm going to drain the bogey wheat and whatever is left in here. It's so pretty well. So it's quite a bit of a lot. Let's drain it and press off the excess. Stir that in. Okay, so that is a green refreshing notebook summer salad. I tabooly salad with salt preserved lemons and Lisbon lemon syrup.