 Hey guys! Today we're gonna work on a Skoda Fabia. The Fabia has some brake problems. The hand brake light is popping on the entire time. So the brake fluid is too low and we've checked it and it seems like the right rear brake cylinder is leaking and we're gonna replace it. And the guy wants the car. He wants it on very cheaply so we're only gonna replace the brake cylinder. The brakes itself probably are soaked with fluid but we only can replace the cylinder. So we're going to show you how you can do it yourself. It's a very easy fix and it helps when you have a friend who can help with bleeding your brakes because when you have some extra foot to pump the brakes and the other guy, please, the brake. So let's get to it. Well, we're going to start by removing the wheel. That way we can access the screw which holds the brake drum in place. Remove the screw and pry off the brake drum using two flat head screw drivers. It's quite obvious that this brake cylinder has been leaking for a very long time now. Unfortunately, we will only replace the brake cylinder and leave the brake shoes in place. Drop nut disturb face with some sandpaper and degrease everything using some brake cleaner. The owner drove way too long with the leaking brake cylinder and you need a pressure washer to get this mask cleaned. Because the owner wants it done at very low cost, we aren't going to do that and we leave it like this. Check if the new brake cylinder is exactly the same as the old one. In this case, we got the right one. To prevent the brake fluid from leaking while removing the cylinder, we use a special brake line clamp tool. Then remove the brake line, the bolts which holds your cylinder in place and the bleed valve on the back. And just try to get a hold of it and then it comes off easily. As you can see, completely rusted, worn cylinder. A bit like this costs about 10 to 15 euros. So don't let it stay there, just replace it. Screw for the air left off like that. Then you can squeeze it side by side. Then it becomes very small and you can put it in place like that. And secure it slightly because it's only alloy hand tight. The screw to hold the cylinder is in place. The piping of the braking is in place. Now we can put in the bleed valve. Also first by hand, just to make sure it's nice and tight. Then get your key and tap it on slightly so it doesn't leak. Now I can put on the brake drum. Mind the hole for the screw. Then secure it. Now we can bleed it by hand. You screw the bleed valve open and you get a nice catch can on it. One guy hit the brake about three or four times when you get pressure on the pedal. Then another guy and twist it in the bleed valve open. Repeat this process until you got all the air out of the system and the brake pedal feels firm. Put your wheel back on the car and tighten the wheel bolts with a torque wrench. And of course you need to check the brake fluid level when you've done anything brake related on the car. We call the brake fluid container a few times to check the brake fluid level. As you can see it's below minimum and we're filling it up between minimum and maximum with some fresh brake fluid. Well and that's how you replace your rear brake cylinder on a car that has brake rumps. Leon did all the work. I only filmed it. He's a trip mechanic. I'm going to film him working and I'm going to help him or only film it. He's also going to help on the turbo Miata project which is coming soon. Hopefully when it's time to BMW. So thank you for letting me video it. No problem mate. And I will see you guys next time. If you liked the video give me thumbs up share the video and of course subscribe. And I will see you guys next time. Bye.