 Hello and welcome to How To Cook Great Food. With thousands of recipes and millions of views, why not subscribe to our channel and join the family. Welcome back once again to HowToCookGreatFood.com. If you haven't already please click that button and subscribe to our channel. On a menu today and as you can see here just finished, we're doing a Chinese braised beef. Now what I've got here is I've got a fairly unfriendly piece of beef. What I mean by that is a little bit tough. So you could be using maybe a brisket or some shank or something or whatever you want. Now I've got it nice and small. I've cut it nice and small to cook fairly fast. The smaller your pieces of meat the faster it's going to cook. We've got some wonderful, wonderful spices in there and flavours. It takes a little while just the process of getting the meat tender but it's really worth it. Let's go and do it. Okay let's take a look at some of the ingredients we're going to be using today. Here we have our beef. It's a braising type, you know, kind of fairly tough beef. It's not a lovely kind of piece of beef there. May the stewing or braising. Onion sliced down here I've got some chunky sliced ginger and garlic. Here I've got some oyster sauce. If you don't have oyster sauce maybe you could just use some touch of sugar. A little bit of star anise, some fresh red chillies. In here I've got like a teaspoon of five spice powder. Here I've got some dark soy sauce and here I've got some black pepper. We're going to add a few of a little bits to this but this is the basis of what we're going to be doing. Let's get over to the cooker. Okay so you're going to need a pot with a lid. I'm going to use it this wok just so you can sort of see it a bit better. The heat is on. Now we are going to be using quite a lot of water in this obviously because we're going to braise it but first we're going to do a little bit of frying, get some flavours happening. So we're going to start off with a little bit of sesame oil. Nice toasted sesame oil. In that glows. And to that we're going to be adding our garlic and ginger. We just want to toast this around a little bit. Now you could be using like a whole kind of shank or something for that. We're going to be dropping it in and then maybe use a pressure cooker for it. The beef that I've got which like I say is not particularly tender at all. I've cut quite small. So in it goes. And I've cut it small. So it's got a better chance of cooking. So that I'm going to add some black pepper. So a coarse ground one there. I'm going to add that five spice powder. I'm going to add our chili and our star anise. And then I'm going to add our sliced onions. So what we need to do is stir fry this as you can hear on quite a high heat. For about four to five minutes then we're going to add water and a couple of other ingredients. Okay so what we've done here is we've just got all the lovely flavours together. Of course, no in there could. But let's get some cold water in here. Enough to cover it. Now you could if you want to be using a stock instead of water. Some people would be putting some cooking wine in here. I'm going to go just straight like this. I am now just going to add that dark soy sauce. And I'm not adding salt because we've got the soy in there which is quite salty. Then we're going to go for the oyster sauce. Now what we need to do is get a lid on this. Get it to boiling point. And then we need to get it on a rolling boil for about. This is going to be because of the size I've got as you can see it's quite small to beef. For about 20 minutes then we'll take a look. Okay let's jump in now and take a look. There's going to be a hell of a lot of steam here. You can just let all that out for you. This is coming on really nicely. But still a long way to go like I say the beef is quite unfriendly and it's tender as we say. So what we're going to do now we're going to continue now with the lid off. We're going to let it steam out a little bit and reduce down. It's going to be about another 10 minutes I would say. Okay so as you can see this is reducing down. And put a nice little sauce there. Now what I'm going to do is I'm going to add a little bit more. Place the sauce. And I'm going to have now just a little bit of honey. It's really sweet here. So again on this high heat let's just cook this for about another three to four minutes. Just to incorporate that honey, reduce it down a little bit to give it a nice glaze. And it will slightly reduce just a little bit more. Keep stirring all the time now. Okay off goes the heat. And that's done we've got a really nice tender beef there. Took a little while but really worth it. Now you can finish this off with some spring onions or green onions. Or with some sesame seeds maybe. Hope you enjoy that. Don't forget to subscribe to our channel and we'll see you soon. Lots of love. With thousands of recipes and millions of views, why not subscribe to our channel and join the family.