 Alright guys today I'm going to tell you how to fix that stubborn power window. You guys know the one I'm talking about. The one where you hit the power window button and it goes up, and it gets stuck or it goes up slowly. You can hear the motor winding out and you think, oh no, it's probably my motor go and or my guide rails. Well what's really happening is these liners in between the guide rails on either side or you know coated with their ever rubber. Well the rubber gets hard and you end up just getting stuck and there's no more. When they're first made they're made with like some kind of coating over them. Well eventually after times the coating wears out and you're right back to square one with getting stuck with a window. Well I'm going to tell you how to fix that. Before I do I'll tell you things that you don't want to do. The first thing you don't want to do is use an oil-based spray. When you go ahead and use an oil-based spray all that does is just pamper the cure for a little bit and then after a couple of days or a week you're right back to square one with the window getting stuck again. What happens is it dries up and that's why within a week you're no longer being able to go up and down anymore. What you want to do is in between these guide rails on here and either side of the door this works for any vehicle, not just mine. What you want to do is you want to go to any automotive part store and purchase a silicone based spray. Now what that does is when you go ahead and spray these guide rails the spray goes on to it and when it dries it dries as a silicone. You know how you can go to the store and get some type of silicone caulking or anything like that and it's got that smooth base to it. That's pretty much the same purpose. When you spray it it puts a thin coat of the silicone on it when it dries and then it's always slippery. Now where an oil-based spray it's not actual sealant. It just goes on and then after time it washes right off with going up and down or washing your car or rain or just heat dries it up but with silicone once it dries it actually dries a smooth slick surface and it re-applies itself to the rubber. That's how you guys fix your power window issues with it.