 Guys a fish trap out of Legos Hey guys, this is monster Mike and you're watching monster Mike fishing I Am going to make a fish trap out of Legos. I'm trying to see which Legos have enough pieces to build a Fish trap to catch fish This one looks like it comes with a lot of pieces 790 pieces. I think this is enough to catch some fish bro All right guys, we are at the spot. We got our Legos guys. I never made a trap Using Legos before All right What's inside? Oh wow Oh guys, I'm going to make it. I didn't know it was this much pieces I'm gonna make an awesome fish trap out of Legos and you can do this too All you got to do is get some Legos it's time to make a fish trap look. I got purple I got green Oh, man Oh, man Oh, and look this is gonna be the base Right here so for the fish trap I got the base and now I'm gonna build on top of this Awesome, we got more here Here and here we'll build it on top of this Let's get the building So first we got our base to start off to make this fish trap now What we got to do is we got to build a wall all around so I'm gonna pick one of these colors Let's get blue Open this up We're just gonna I'm just gonna take these pieces and I'm gonna go all around the wall just like that All right putting this piece here and then now I need a two piece. Let me see here's one right Here so now just keep going up all right this trap is coming out nice So now we're gonna add the doors so the fish can swim in So the door thing is right here. We're gonna add it Exactly in the middle so the fish can go in so I got to find the doors Wow, this is awesome guys a fish trap out of Legos Okay, how do I let me see? Oh? Okay, right there All right putting into putting in the sliding. Oh my gosh, but I'm gonna keep the doors Open and then we're gonna show you how we're gonna bait it up. So let me get the other door Put it right here. Oh, this is awesome and then now we put it right here Snap it on right there. So now we got the door For the fish now we're gonna build all around it guys. This is a fun project. It's Legos guys when I Hey, I remember when I always used to play with Legos, but now I'm making a fish trap So it brings me back and it's Christmas So a lot of people you know might have some Legos Go to your nearest water make a fish trap. So we got the doors right here for the fish now time to Fill her up. Can't wait to catch some fish. There's a bunch of fish in there Let's go. This is an awesome DIY. Let's put this right there guys This is probably one of the best bait traps I've ever made out of Legos Awesome DIY boom right there boom right there and then we're gonna show you how to build the roof there We've got the door welcome in Coming out nice come on. We need more pieces big pieces right here bam bam. Let's get this It doesn't matter what color it is. All right. We got to get this fish trap Okay, give me some more pieces bro You need some come on give me pieces there. Oh this fits perfectly right there. Oh my gosh Man, I'm so small this can even be my house if I wanted to live if I need a place to go I can build my own house come on. Let me get oh yeah that fits right there We need it too. We need a little too. We need one that fits right here in the corner. Come on We can't slack come on the sun don't wait for us. We wait for the sun. So we got the door We're closing off the roof now. So we need a couple big pieces to close off the roof We'll put this right here Perfect perfect. All right, we need another little piece All right, the fish trap is complete guys. This is pretty cool Cool little DIY fish trap out of Legos. Oh, yeah Can't go wrong with the wonder bread. Charles. Let me get a piece. I'm gonna show them how Yeah, we're gonna put bread in it now We're gonna drop it down there and see what kind of fish we can cut Bread it up a little bit more We're gonna I'm gonna drop it right there because there's a lot of nice grass flat in rocks that There's a bunch of little micro fish a bunch of little micro fish that will probably swim in here All right, let me go walk over there Guys, this is crazy Made a fish trap out of Legos Now go to some shallow clear water. Oh Man, I just saw a fish right there So there's a lot of fish that comes out of these Out of this grass, so we're just gonna set it All right, I'm gonna turn the door This way since the fish likes to come out of the rocks Just like that Oh, this is awesome All right, we got the Lego fish trap right there now. We're gonna chum it up a little bit throw some pieces in there Let's see what goes inside the trap Bro right before the boat came we saw we saw the exotic's going in all right a boat just went by Man, I'm glad I'm glad I didn't take the The trap the trap is still there the trap is still there Let's let's give this trap a little bit more Because what they're doing is they're coming they're gonna come back out of the weeds So Let's just wait all right guys, so now we're just waiting There's a lot of fish there a little shy from the colors They were going by it and leaving a boat came it spooked them, but we're gonna leave it in for a little bit Maybe two three more minutes The door is facing the weeds so the fish are gonna go Right in Make a fish trap out of Legos Oh, man guys, what kind of birds are those are I think those are the the woody woodpeckers because the woody woodpeckers have like the red beaks All right guys it's time to check the trap a Let's see what we saw a few go by the trap though. You did All right Let's see if the Lego fish trap work All right, I don't know if there's anything in there now Look I'm gonna close the doors so if there is anything in there close the doors. Let's bring it over here All right, so since we're only gonna use it come closer All right, so since we're only gonna use this one time we're just gonna tear off the top And let's just see if there's anything in there. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh Every time What this is like I don't know I could eat the bread Eat the bread. Look at this. You know what he's that's a little oh my gosh Bro no no no no bro seriously. There's something else in there, and it's pretty big. It's long No, oh my gosh look look look look on the top bro. What is that? What is this? Bro, what kind of fish is that oh And there's another one in there look look a baby Koi a Baby Koi and and and and look Look at this little thing look at the little Koi. Oh my gosh. I think this is a little baby Koi. Oh my god guys That looks so sick a little baby sturgeon. It look. I think it is a little sturgeon Okay Okay, these things got spines they got spines we're gonna I'm gonna fill this thing up with water and then guys I don't know what kind of species that is I Got this little exotic and this little baby Koi. I think I think this is a Koi. I'm not sure We almost lost my cell phone in the water guys, but we're back I'm not sure what this is bro. Oh my gosh What is it what kind is this a sturgeon? Sturgeon nose. Oh my gosh. All right guys. We got three cool species in the Lego fish trap But guys I need help I need help. I don't know what kind oh, I don't know what kind of fish This this little thing this little Koi will let go Little Koi bro, what do you want to do with this creature? If you don't mind I'd like to take them home you got something to put them in you got an aquarium I have a great little aquarium for that. Yeah grab that thing All right, so we're gonna play him in a bucket so you can rush him home All right guys, I hope you enjoyed the show that was some cool species we caught with the Lego fish trap Help me identify that weird one with the whiskers guys. I hope you enjoyed the show give this video a thumbs up If you enjoyed it and leave a comment help me identify that species more DIYs to come we're out He