 I can't tell you guys like my results. That's not showing you guys how to make the drink. So I'm going to go ahead and show you guys how to make the drink. You'll need a couple of ingredients. I added some extras in just because I'm extra and I like to doctor myself up a little bit. But you guys definitely don't have to do that. You could just keep it simple. So I'm going to show you guys a simple one first and then I'll show you guys the one I do every morning just to make it more extra. But I use bottled water and I do about like half. Notice how even half, like a fourth of the water bottle. And then this is the brass optite vinegar. I'm almost out but I have another one in the cabinet so I can go right into drinking that this week. But you just, I don't have an exact measurement. I just put some in there until it turns like a light brown color like that. So it's like really vinaigry but the results on this are so amazing which you guys will see later this week. And then you take your half of a lime or lemon and hey but we still got the lemon juice out so that's all that matters. And then so that's all you do if you were just going to drink it regularly. But I'm extra so I added a few extra ingredients. Ginger it is really good for producing the metabolism. So I add a little bit of ginger in there. You could add real ginger but I just add the ginger because I don't really know if it does anything but I feel like it does. And then cayenne peppers really good at boosting the metabolism as well and burning fat. So we add a little bit of cayenne pepper in there. And then you just, what I do is mix it around it and I put it in the microwave because I find it's easier to drink when it's hot or you could just drink it cold with some ice. I don't really care what you do it just as long as you get the drink down and that's how you make it. Alright so I'm going to show you guys me drinking it so you guys don't think I'm lying about drinking this. So let's go ahead. It's not a pleasant thing. It's not a pleasant thing. I'm going to look a lot worse in the scene than what it actually is. I can just taste bad but the reason I'm like doing like that is because it's sour not because it's not necessarily taste bad. So just letting you guys know that in advance. Okay guys so this is what I look like. I literally went to Texas and the video I filmed before this I was probably like 10 pounds lighter. But anyways that's the size of the point because then you guys are going to really see the effects of the opposite of vinegar. So yeah this is just what I look like. Okay so I felt you guys didn't really get a good overview of my actual body. These are actually taken in Texas. This is how I actually looked a week before the results that you're about to see. So hey my wonderful cute babies I'm so happy. I just woke up and I'm really energized. I've been drinking this outside of my energy. Outside of my energy drink for seven freaking days and I'm going to show you guys like my results with this. I don't know if you guys have seen me so I'm just going to come down a little bit because last time when you were watching before this you guys could not see me at all. But my skin has figured out a lot. I did change cleansers but I don't know what the hell they're going to do with it. Yeah I was a lot of ridicule. I'm just feeling so much more energized. It has my body just feeling so much better. I feel when I'm going to get changed. I just feel so much better. I feel like my energy has been restored to me. I feel like I don't know I'm just really happy at the results guys. Like seven days eight pounds down. If you guys really want to try this like to send me your results if I email out and love to see them. If you guys want to see the week two come to us for another week. Apples out of vinegar for two weeks straight. If you guys want to see that video next week comment down below. Give this video a thumbs up so I really know that you guys want to see that video. Right after that the week after that I'm going to give the apple cider vinegar a drink for a little while. I mean wow. Really tired. I'm going to give the apple cider vinegar a break for a little while and I'm going to go into another challenge which is what a gown of water every day does to you and we're going to see what that does and see if the results are better on the gown of water versus the apple cider vinegar. And then I'm going to show you guys my meal plan. How I've been eating and things like that. If you guys really want to see that. If you don't and I see that you guys don't want to see that I will not post that video because recently I've been posting a lot of videos that you guys really just aren't you know reacting well to like it's not like you guys were reacting bad but it's not getting the views you know. And so I'm just like taking that as okay this is those type of videos that my audience doesn't want to see right now. So whenever you guys want to see please tell me down below so I know what to post for you guys. What do you guys want to see next like what's next? Let me know in the comments down below and don't forget to comment like and subscribe. It's free to get these updates. Press the little bell button and you'll be notified when I post and don't forget stay prosperous, stay positive and stay poppin and I'll see you guys next time. Bye.