 Hey everyone, it's Mark Weins. I am hanging out with my buddy. Anthony is this Anton and we are in Manila in the heart of Manila in Kiyapo and we came here to eat Filipino street food. So we're going to show you some of the most iconic Filipino street foods right in Kiyapo market. Along with the Kiyapo church which you can visit, you can come here for a really interesting, unique market in Manila. There's lots of street food. It's like a flea market, no open air flea market where you can buy all sorts of things and just even just walking around here and just observing the cultures is very fascinating. So packed and there's so much going on. There's fruit, there's a lot of fresh ingredients as well but then I'm also seeing a lot of dried fish, a lot of street food snacks full of everything you can imagine and lots of street food tucked in every corner. Oh look at all these dried fish. Yes please, it's called tangon. So tangon. The first street food we're going to try is they have a number of different like noodle-looking dishes and I think this one is monkey noodles and I'm not sure what else but some spices and it's made into kind of a soupy dish. What is the name of this dish? So tangon. So tangon. So it's a glass noodle with egg and then palabok, one of the popular Filipino pancetta. We just got some fructose seeds. Awesome. Chefs table. Yes. There's an egg in here, there's the mung bean noodles, there are long beans, there's shallots. Oh and there's some bits of meat in here too, end on. Oh it's hot. Oh yeah. It's a little bit salty and a little bit kind of like oily, the broth is kind of oily but then those noodles, they just kind of slide right down. You barely even need to chew them and they just slide. I'm going to dig into this egg. Oh yeah an egg makes everything better. Oh yeah. You cannot eat this fast because it's so hot. Oh that yoke is on fire. So now you can do some seasonings so I'm going to squeeze in a calamansi, give it a little bit of a citrusiness to it and then also, now this is like fish sauce. Add in a little bit of fish sauce, sprinkle in some pepper. This is really a slurping, oh that almost slurped right out of my mouth. This is really a dish you've got a slur. It's been given some rice cakes and these are like, I think they're steamed rice cakes. They break a piece of this and they said that it should be eaten along with the soup. It's a little bit sweet and very very spongy and a little bit sour as well. This little street food stall is so tight now we had to set up the camera across the food from us. So then Anton and I got front roads. He said the best seats in the whole in the whole street food stall and we just finished with our bowl of the glass noodles and now we've got another dish. What's this dish called? This is a palabok. And anato atroet aegorin. Tapit tu hu, tina pa, chicharon. Before you eat it you have two. Squeeze on some calamansi. Of course. Maybe you also eat it with butto. Okay, nice. Oh this is a great atmosphere. Awesome boys. And then the key to this dish is you've got to fully mix it all with the sauce, with the noodles, with all those toppings and chicharon in there and there's minced meat I think in here as well. Oh and fish also. And tofu. So there's a lot of ingredients in this little play-to-food. You got to eat it fast before it all slides off your fork. Oh man. That's awesome man. It's kind of like goopy. But what I can really taste is the fried garlic in there. The fried garlic is really nice in there and it's like goopy and sticky and this is just a wonderful street food. Philippine street food. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Bye. Okay that was absolutely awesome and you just cannot get a better street food environment than that. This is a market where you can come to really get a feel of the real manila. It really feels like you're in the heart of Manila here, the action. Every, there's so many things for sale and people are really friendly at this market as well. Hello. Hello. It's a great place when you're in Manila. This is a place you want to come explore if you want to really feel the culture of Manila. It's very busy today. Is it like this every day? Okay it's like this every day. This is a super human traffic jam. All right we made it through that intersection. One of the iconic places here is the Piapple Church. Okay now we're standing right next to Piapple Church right now. Yes and it's home to the Black Nazari which is very in Virassidus. Okay you know people believe if you pray to if you have a devotion to the Black Nazari, it creates miracles in your life. When we were going up as a child so fishball and fishball parts. Are they all fishballs or are they chicken balls? No this is fishball, sweetball and what you call tikka. I can try these all mixed. Yeah okay. Yeah so you just get... We're standing right in front of the church so it's a little loud. I hope you can hear me and so you can just grab a stick yourself. You can't just see it. Yeah and then you just eat whatever you want. Yes but you get that two-step one. Usually not the brown ones. You want the brown ones because those are more crispy. Okay so you then just choose as many as you want. Just a stick. Yeah. You can then here. You just choose as many as you want out of stick and then you have the sauce. Oh yeah. Yes. Okay now it's bothering you. You can put it in the back. Come on. The sauce. All right. Then you're sticking in the cup. And then you move over to the sauce station where you add in your own sauce into the cup. Yeah Filipino food is known for sauces. And lots of vinegar as well. Lots of vinegar, lots of sauce. Yeah. And you can add with onions, witchchili, yeah. And so you usually have a cup so that people don't gobble it. So you create your own sauce. I think that's what I'm going to say here. I think that's what I'm going to say here. Can you take that? Oh yeah that looks good. Do I need more or is that good? Yeah just put more. And some more vinegar. And some more sauce. I'll just go with vinegar. Let it absorb all of that vinegar and those onions and those chilies. Grab some of those chilies. All right I got three different types of fish balls here. Oh it's still pretty hot. It kind of has a gooey texture. The vinegar makes, it's what really makes it good. The vinegar and those onions and chilies. Oh look at that bite. They're like party fish balls. This is our childhood favorite. It brings back childhood memories. You know, and I'm having mass and then after mass. And I love the culture of just standing here around the cart. Eating. It's so atmospheric and so much fun. Anton was just talking to the owner of this street food stall and he actually said that they are chicken balls. Yeah so they like it bigger. Oh so they pass us. Two pesos per ball. But we just need to say it's more profitable. And is it? Ah the fish balls are smaller and like one peso or less. Okay. Okay so they're actually chicken balls here. And then right next door to the chicken ball stand is a dried squid stand. And this looks delicious. I smelled it and I knew that's what we need to eat next. These are just the squid bodies. And then I'm also going to get those are the squid heads. So those are just going to, a grill. Those are going to toast over the hot coals or through the fast. So. Go ahead. Go ahead. With chili. Chili. Okay so good. You need to get a lot of onions on there. Is it onions or shallots? And what you can do is you can try to scoop up as much onions and chilies and vinegar as you can on top of your your squid. All right man. All right. I was trying not to do that. They're really tight. They're really tight on the skewer. So if you pull too hard all the onions come flying off. That's what happens. Oh that's amazing though. Oh that's delicious. It's like yeah salty dried squid. Has a little bit of a crispiness to it. And then hello. But I love it with that vinegar and those onions. That is a wonderful Filipino street food. You have to dip this. Okay. Watch your name. You can have a look. Just a little bit of it. It's really good. And not. I know what I mean. My name is Mark. Patrick. Nice to meet you. Kiyapo market there's two sides right? Yeah yeah yeah. One is by the church surrounding the church. And one is around here. So we just crossed over the street. Yiyo kuyya, come here. Yiyo kuyya, come here and pick another one. You got him come here too. You pick and choose or you get both. Oh okay. Got this. Same. We are at the next street food stall and here we're gonna eat quick quick which are it's one of the most famous of all Filipino street foods. It's quail egg, quail egg with flour and food coloring. The quail egg is ready. Thank you. And then you add your own sauce. Thank you. These are one day old chickens and she deep fried them and then she put it on top of our quick quick which are the quail eggs with flour batter deep fried around it. And so then you move over here to the sauce condiment station. Gotta go in for some onions. And also a lot of that chili. Oh yeah, one day old but some good chili on it. And then I think I'll just go straight for the vinegar next. You can never have too much vinegar on a one day old. One bite is not enough, right? I think it's enough. And then you put it on top of the one bite. Okay. I think it's enough. Okay. It's so good. It's boning. It's crispy, it's like meaty, it's rubbery. Next up we're that quick quick which are quail eggs in the batter. And I think you can one bite this as well. That is a big mouthful. You've got to really creamy egg yolk in the gender. And then it's like crispy and very fluffy batter on the outside. All right. So we are moving on to the next street food. So this is for Kayboli. Basketball is the favorite sport in the Philippines. So you'll just walk around in the neighborhoods and basically in any spare place throughout Manila. You'll see little basketball courts. So this is just in the neighborhood. What's up man? Hi. Rajin. Rajin. Rajin. Rajin. These are duck eggs, right? Yes. Anton and I still have not eaten the most famous or maybe it's the most infamous Filipino street food and that is Balut and Balut is a Duck egg which is Partly fertilized. It's an embryo. Yeah, and usually it's 16 18 days This one are 18 days Okay, so they have they have different stages of the duck egg you can get one that's Eight days or you can get one that's six 12 days or 16 days 18 days. So these are 18 days. If it's 18 days, just imagine you would see the Chicken developed already. Yeah, with the I know more developed up. Okay, more developed up. Sorry Okay, so he's setting has 18-day old balut and that's what we're ordering right now. Here's the balut. Oh, it's nice and hot This is a steamer so the eggs are kept nice and hot and this is a pretty good-sized egg. Check that out That's a that's a fistful and it's very nice and more Yeah You're gonna do this Practice this on yeah Okay, so the pointed one all the pointy go down No, it's pretty even Breathe in they know okay, okay, so then you crack it And then kind of peel back a little bit of that We should do some soup in here, right? One of the best things about eating balut and the Philippines is that there are many different components all in a single shell So first you've got to drink the soup There's some natural natural juices and soup inside of the shell so you drink that first Oh That's delicious. Oh, that's just like that's just like concentrated chicken soup. Yeah, it's chicken soup Oh, well That's like the purist the purist of all chicken soup because there's no added anything. It's just straight from the shell Oh, yeah, you can now see you can start to see the the embryo in there The hair. Oh the hair's all some juices All right, there we go. Yeah, you can see those feathers You can definitely see those feathers now. Yeah, I'm gonna add some salt. Yeah And vinegar chili vinegar. Okay, I'm gonna I'm gonna season my balut next so add a little bit of salt A little bit of salt on there and then also I want to get some chili vinegar Which is my yeah, this is my my seasoning my condiment of choice in the Philippines Oh, yeah season that was some good vinegar You can definitely see all of the feathers all of the feathers on this balut That is 18 days old Okay, I'm gonna go in for the the chick since it's on the top here Oh, I think that is a chicken foot right there Oh All right Whoa those are definitely feathers. There's no denying that in your mouth But they are kind of like kind of like fly me feathers With a very strong poultry flavor Uh a very strong like duck actually I Case more of a chicken flavor than a duck flavor. That's a best part. That's a giant. Yo, wow Ah, that's so yummy. Whoa look at that. Yeah, I'm done check that out All that yolk is gigantic. I think I'm gonna add a little more of the the chili vinegar on this bite You can never have enough chili vinegar in the Philippines when you're eating Filipino street food That is the one of the ultimate flavors Oh, yeah, that's the best part. That is awesome. Oh, it's just like so creamy But it tastes almost like a like it's whipped a little bit really creamy and fluffy and then at the bottom of your balut You have this like rock hard What is it? It's a white part. That's the white that's undeveloped The white part of the egg is undeveloped and it's like rock hard so you don't eat that That was delicious I'm not saying that balut is something I would crave all the time But I think it's it's it's it's actually tastes pretty good and it is Quite fun to eat as well. It's like it's it's like the ultimate Hard-boiled duck egg that you could possibly have within a shell You have all the different components and all the different textures and tastes and it's so pure You know, it's all just in a single shell when you come to the Philippines balut is something If you if you're up for an adventure you got to try balut and Yeah, I think it's pretty delicious actually We have come to the end of this Filipino street food tour in Kiyapo Manila. Yes, go check out Anton Yeah, he's our awesome planet. Yeah, yeah, the blog are awesome planet originals And I'll leave his links in the description box below. He's also making videos on YouTube and Facebook And he's just a cool guy. Yes And we've been great eating friends for many years now So I want to say a big thanks to you to Anton for taking me around Thank you Mark for being really Cool about eating all the street food. That was a lot of fun Yes, it is and thank you very much for watching this video Please remember to give it a thumbs up click like on this video And also if you're not already subscribed make sure you subscribe for lots more food and travel videos Goodbye from Kiyapo in Manila Thank you for watching all right