 Now we're going to put some mortar on the board and get started land block. Notice how I picked the shovel up like this right here. So you use the muscles under your arm. If you lift like this, it's a big suction and it's really hard on you. So if you go like this, you can lift twice as much. Back in the water. Now for everybody that's learning, you take a little bit of mortar and put it on your trowel about like so. And this is, this is watch this right here because this is the way I'm going to spread it on the block. First inch or so of the of the trowel, you take and turn it up and that's the way you're going to spread it. And this is the way you can practice. You can spend hours doing the same thing. And when you get it right, you'll be ready for your block. There we go. Now we'll start laying some block. Okay, now we'll lay a little mortar out here. Okay, we'll lay our first block. Here we go. Now I've drawn a chalk line along here. So that way I can line it up. I know exactly where the expansion joint right here I'm starting. So I've got my chalk line there. I've got to move it right into the line. Next thing I do, I'll take this little level. I'll put it on there and see what we got. I'll put it high on this end. Now we're going to put a little mortar on here for the half block on the lead. Okay. Here we go. Then take my troll. About the first three to half inches or so of the troll and just cut your mortar off. Have anything on the foundation or pick it up. You'll be using it running level here. Pretty good there. A little bit this way. Right there. Plum. This is called plumbing. You want to make sure it gets nice and straight. There we go. You have plumb two corners. Just like that. That lead is ready to go. Now we're going to go down to this corner right here, this end. And we're going to put a little lead just like this right there. This wall is going to be five feet, six feet long. This wall is exactly the kind of wall that I learned how to lay block on when I was in school. So there you go. Okay. Now that this is, we're going to take and lay this out. I'm going to make sure, I'm going to measure this with my measuring tape. Make sure it's right on 80 inches. It's right on. That's good. That little lead going. Okay. Here we go. Right on the line. Now we'll check it with the level. Burpee. Check it this way. Perfect. We're good to go on that one. Now we'll put a little more mortar on the top for, you're ready for that half. Okay. Right in place. Just like that. Notice when I take the mortar off of there, I do a little snap. That way it stays on the draw. Back to the level. The lead always has to be perfect. The lead's perfect. The rest of the wall will be perfect. So take your time. Do a good job on your lead. Now it's level. Check the plum. Perfect. And check this corner. So we'll look to see what we got. Perfect. There you go. Now that the lead is in, we're going to stretch a line and lay these blocks in in the center. Make sure how to use that line and those blocks. Okay. Here we go. What we're going to do is we're going to set the block here. So in the end of the line, so what we do is we put the line in the block about like so. And probably bring it around twice and then lock it up just like that. So the tighter you pull it, it's stronger it is. And I'll lay it on the first course, just like so. And then we'll take the block and we'll go to the other end. Okay. Now we're at the other end here. We'll just put that block on the same way just like so. Just enough tension. We'll wrap it around twice and come up inside there. And if one isn't enough, we'll wrap it twice. Right there. Now what we want to do is the line to follow the top of this particular block. Okay. Now we're going to spread some mortar and lay these blocks in. There. On a block, there's two sides. That's the bottom. That's the rough side. You don't want to pick up. That goes to the bottom. This right here has a little flange on it where you can pick it up just like this, like a grip, like that. But when you're starting out, since this block weighs 36 pounds, you'll want to just take and set it up like this. And because you did your practice here, you'll be fine. Just put a block, just put a little bit of mortar just there like that. And a little bit of mortar here just like this. A little there. I always lay them like this. This block going in or a brick is called them enclosure. So plenty of mortar on it. There. Now let's just over here. This is the one I like to put up on the corner of the mudboard. A little bit of a tuck there. And she goes. You lay that right, this is perfect. You lay it right to the line. And the line does not lie. It's always perfectly straight. There. We'll set the line on this half block and we'll lay that course in. There. Now, once we lay those in, be perfectly straight. This mortar is getting just a little bit stiff. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to get that can of water and I'm going to mix it up a little bit. Coffee can, little water next to you, especially on a hot day. I'll work that water into the mortar, work it around like this. This in, just move this way. There. Now we'll start laying that side in. Now, a little snap on the trull. There. Put a little bit of mortar on the ends here. And move a little faster if you have a little extra mortar on those webs. And voila. And now we're ready to fill it in. We'll lay some block. When you're first learning, just set your block down. You don't want to go wearing yourself out. Call the head joint. Just like so. Much easier to pick up a block this way. Pick them up like this and you'll last all day. There's one. Now we'll start cutting the mortar off of them. First three inches of your trull. And once you pick the mortar off of it, snap. Right on the face. You don't have to worry about the back too much. See when I was in school, you laid the block by picking it up on the web. And this is an awful strain on a guy. Why that little Hawaiian guy? Just go like crazy when he do this, just like this. And he was a good mason. There we go. Following the line. Now we'll get ready for the enclosures. And we'll put this guy right into place. On an enclosure, a lot of times you'll lose a head joint. So we're just going there like this and put it right back. Just like that. Now we're ready to start our lead all over again. Now this course right here is a two foot section. This course is the third block and every third block is a steel block. And it's called a bond beam. And this is what I'm going to put in right now. It's a bond beam and the latest steel out. A little more mortar on this guy right here. Right there. This is a bond beam course. What happened was when I came to the job and the material was delivered, they didn't deliver me but six bond beams and I need 12 for this wall. So what we're going to do is hammer it out a couple right here. When I get to that end, I'm going to show you how to break it out with a hammer. There we go. Okay. Check with the level. See what we got. Almost perfect. Right about there. And then we'll check this way. Perfect. Now I'm going to cut the mortar off and make sure this thing is plumb. This level is 100 years old and only has a bubble on one side so that's fine. 100 years old I'll take my time with it. There it is. And we're going to check this side. Right here. See what we're at. That's it. Now we're going to go to the other end and set one of these bond beams. I'm going to break this out. I'm going to break it down about a half an inch or so. Just enough to work two pieces of half an inch steel can lay in along here. Take your time, blocks really soft. No big deal. There. Just go do about a half an inch down. Okay, that one's ready to go in. Okay, now we'll lay that bond beam. Let's lay that guy in. Here we go. There. Line it up on this side. Now we'll check the level. There it is. And we'll check across this way. That's good. Cut the mortar out of the way. Now we'll check the plumb. And then we'll check the plumb this way. See what we got here. Oh, that's looking good. Very nice. Looking good. Okay, now we'll set our line on each end. Put that here. Line's getting a little bit loose. So I think what we'll do is tighten it up. There it is. Just pull it in about a half an inch. Right there. I want to make sure that the line is snug enough. Okay. Okay, now we'll spread the mortar. After a while you'll be able to spread it just like me. Take your time at first. It'll come. Right there. A little bit of mortar on the joints there. Help the block stand up on its own. There. And two. Okay, here we go. Bond beam course. This is the course that holds the steel. Right there is a little bit of a rock. That's a problem. Just making the block cocked. So I'm going to pull it out. I need to find the rock. Take it out. Go right back. There we are. Perfect. Now, move a little quicker like me. You won't even take the time to set it down. You just spread the mortar. Let's go. Perfect. One. And we'll cut it off of this guy. There we are. Going for the enclosure. We'll close it up. Get that last block in there. That joint nice and full. And she goes. The enclosure. For every enclosure, you usually have to add a little bit of mortar in that joint. Okay, when you're building a wall, it doesn't really matter whether it's five, six feet, or it's 20 feet. You always start with a bar of steel on one end. That's the first web. And then you go one bar of steel every other web. Every other block. Like every block. And you always have one on the end. Okay, I've got two pieces of steel cut. And when we come back, I'll show you how we're going to place them in the wall. Okay, I've cut these two bars of steel, and we're going to put them in. Just cutting that block down a half an inch to lay this steel in. It's going to work out great. Just like that. Two half inch bars side by side. And then we have our vertical bar of steel. Always starts at the end. And then you've got a bar of steel. Every 16 inches by two feet square. Normally, it comes out of the foundation, but we didn't want to do it here since this is a classroom. We didn't want to drill any holes in the floor. So I'm just basically showing you that the steel should be in the foundation at up 16 inches. But anyway, you drop your steel from every corner and then every block. And it would be just like this. Every other web would have its own bar of steel, which would make it every 16 by two feet square. And this one right here. And it just so happens, it's right close to the end. You leave this bar here and you always have another one at the very end. Always have a bar of steel at the end. So that's what it looks like. Thank you. Thank you. Excellent. Okay, now we'll put that last half block up there. And that'll be a bond beam. Bond beam in another set of steel. Okay. Verticals are every 16 inches. Okay. Back to the same thing. We'll see how our level is. And then we'll check it this way. And check the plum. And then we'll check it here. Perfect. I like that. Now we're done with this side. Now we'll move a few things around. We'll take a little break and we'll work more on everything over there. Now we're going to use these little brackets. And the reason for these is so you can work on a wall. And let's just say that you had a corner here. You couldn't stretch a line block through here. So that's why they made these little brackets. And we'll set our line on it. And when we pull it, it'll kind of choke it to one side. So we'll put that right to the end. And that's the way we'll use it. Bring it around and just choke it. And that's what they're for. Now we'll lay these blocks in. Now that I have that wall in, we'll lay in our horizontal steel. And it's the wall is finished. The highest we're going and drop the vertical bars. Starting right here at the end and on down. Now at the wall is finished, we're going to take this concave joiner. And we're going to join this wall up. We'll do all our verticals first. That's the up and down. Then we'll go across the horizontals.