 I'm going to show you how to make the waterfall pleat with one piece of square napkin. So if you watch my other videos, you know that I use the fantastic that I bought from my Kia. These are two US dollars for 50 of them and they're really great because they're 16 inch squares. So it's pretty nice and large to work with. But you can also use a cloth napkin which I would actually recommend because it holds to shape better. But anyway, the first that we're going to do is we're going to turn the piece of paper or the piece of napkin to the side like this so that it looks like a diamond. And we want to make sure that the closed side is on the right so that when you open it, it looks like this. So next what you're going to do is you're going to take the top layer on the top right here and then you're going to fold it down and align it with the bottom. Just like that. After that, you're going to fold this top flap again just upward slightly so that there is a little triangle in the bottom right here. And then you're basically going to create a fan. So do an accordion fold and go forward and backwards like this. Bring it up like that. And now it should look like this. So let me show you the side view. It looks like a fan. I'm going to refold that. Okay. After that what you're going to do is you're going to take the napkin and fold it in half in this direction. So that it ends up looking like this. See the front view looks like this now. The side and the back. Okay. Next what we're going to do is we're going to take the right side over here and fold it over to the left side. Just like this. And then we're going to take the left side and fold it over to the right side like that. So now you'll see the fleets or the folds over here in the middle. And the back should look like this. The side you should see this nice little waterfall pattern. And after that what you're going to do is you're going to slip this slot over here or rather this tip over here into the slot on the right side. So just to get in there like that. And then fluff it up from the bottom. So we want to make this part round so that it will stand upright when you put down the plate. And that's basically it. You are completely done with the waterfall plate. So thank you so much for watching this tutorial. Please like, comment and subscribe and also check out my other free tutorials at the end of this video as well. I also have other napkin folding techniques. So there is a napkin folding bunny and a napkin folding bishop hat and a bunch of other ones. So be sure to go check those out and thank you so much for watching this tutorial again. Happy folding!