 Good, it's all around my car! Here's our cars! What is up guys, it's Hoesway here. Today we're going to film a short video. We're going to show you guys how to repair a couple scratches on your car. We're up here on top of the driveway because we have somebody working on their car down there and we can't pull the Camero down there. So, let's go ahead and get started. We've got an all-purpose exterior cleaner. We've got a couple towels. We've got the putty from scratch wizard. The original paint, a nice little touch of brush, scratch leveler, which we're going to use to remove the excess putty and a squeegee. Unfortunately, when you have a scratch like this, we're cut through the paint and the clear coat, you're not going to be able to repair it so easily. You're going to have to go to a shop, but you don't want to go to a shop. So, we're going to teach you a way to do it. And we use something from scratch wizard. I'll leave the link to their website down in the description. All right, step one. You're going to want to clean where you're going to put the putty. All right, we're going to put the putty. You're going to just spray it right here. Put a little bit wherever the scratch is, and we're just going to fill it in with the squeegee. Better to add excess then to need some later and have to redo it. We're going to use a sponge. We're going to wrap it right here. Wrap this cloth that the kit gives you. And we're going to add the scratch leveler to remove the putty. All right, so right here we have the paint. And we're going to do the final step. And that is going to be painting the spots we put putty in with this red paint. When applying the paint, you don't want to brush it back and forth. You only want to dab it. You want to dab where you're painting. That's dab it, yeah? That's right. You just put a little dab on it. We're going to dab it. You want to dab where you're painting. That's dab it, yeah? That's right, you got to dab it. Just put a little dab on it. Hello friends, how are you? We went to the Walmart and bought this third whack. If you want to sell it, you can get it. You want to do it? What the fuck was that, bro? All right, so we went to Walmart. We picked up a Turtle Watch Premium Scratch repair kit. It gives you a pen, a compound, and a plank cleaner. Spray on lubricant to glue up the spots to get it nice and clean before we do this. We put the pen. It's just for clear coat scratches. It's not going to do anything like the scratch wizard kit does. There's only going to remove clear coat. So in order to make sure it's clear coat, you spray it on. You wipe it, and if you can't see the scratch no more, it's clear coat. So you will be able to use this method. So let's just go ahead and do this. This is a 24 hour process. All right, so I was going to be here in this video. Hopefully you guys didn't enjoy it. Hope this video reached 50 likes. Also subscribe. Hope it's reached 10,000 subscribers. And I'll catch you in the next video. Bye.