 Hi, I'm Amy from World of Animals Medicine. Our new issue features an article all about the wildlife of wild-blow meadows. Now we need more meadows across the UK and the rest of the world because there are stronghold animals like bees. A single square meter of a wild-blow meadow can contain up to 40 different species of plant and if you want to win a copy of our brand new issue which features this amazing article and you're going to have to keep watching until the end of this video. Now if you want to plan your own wild-blow meadow in your garden, first you need to do is test the pH of your soil. So you need to know if your soil is acidic and you need to know if it's alkaline, then you can buy appropriate seeds for your soil type. So I'm going to show you how to test your soil. First of all, you need to take a sample of soil from your garden. Now I've already got two samples of soil. One is acidic and one is alkaline. So when you get your sample you need to separate it into two containers and then you need to collect some vinegar and you need to baking soda or bicarbonate of soda. Make sure it is the soda and not baking powder because this is what's alkaline. You also need some distilled water so you can just collect that from the kettle once it's cooled down. So now it comes to testing your soil. Got it in two separate containers so first you can test to see if your soil is alkaline. So I'm going to open this up and we're going to get ready to do the test. So I've got my alkaline soil here. So all I need to do is I need to take some vinegar and add it to the soil. So if one of your samples, if it's alkaline then it will react like this. So you've got that fizzing then. Okay so now we're going to move on to our acidic soil. Now because this is dry soil, first of all we need to add some distilled water. So I'm going to pour this in. So what happens next, we've got a bit of moisture. So now we need to get our baking soda. This is our alkaline that will hopefully react with the acidic soil. Okay so I'm just going to pour a small amount in. Hopefully it won't explode. And there we go. Got some fizzing. So that soil is acidic. So if your soil reacts to the vinegar then it's alkaline. If it reacts to the baking soda then it's acidic. If it doesn't react at all then you're very lucky and you have a neutral soil. So once you know the pH of your soil you can go ahead and get some seeds to plant your own wildflower meta. There are more tips about how to plant your own wildflower meta in our latest issue. And if you want to get that issue full free all you need to do is comment on the video below. Thank you very much for watching and good luck with your soil.