 Hey everybody, this is Jen from CookiesCookcakesInCardio.com. This weekend is Canadian Thanksgiving on October 13th. So in order to celebrate, I decided it was time to learn how to actually cook a turkey cake. I don't know how to take a turkey. You may be guys in help me with that. What I'm going to show you today is how to make this turkey, which you can pleasantly surprise people at your turkey dinner with dessert. Let's get started. To make the cake, I have two 9 by 13 inch cake stacked here. If you're choosing to use a cake mix, I recommend that you use three cake mixes to give you the amount of height that I have here. So my cake batter tends to create more batter than a cake mix would, so I'll put the link to this cake in the description box below. We're also going to be using brown buttercream, vanilla buttercream, and here in my piping bag I have green buttercream with a Wilton 125 petal tip. And I found these cool jelly bellies, which are shaped like peas and carrots. I just think they're a great addition to this recipe. It's totally optional, and if you can't find them, you could even just make your own fondant ones. There's little round peas and little cylinder carrots. The first thing we're going to do is we're going to carve the actual turkey's body here. And the most important thing I want you to remember is that you need to keep the cake scraps for the parts of the turkey that we're going to be doing next. So here I'm just going to be cutting off the, I'm going to be making a narrow portion here. So I'm cutting off about that much of a chunk, and I'm going to repeat that on this side as well. Now, we're going to carve off these two corners, and they're going to be quite less amount of cake that's coming off than this other part was. This is going to be the narrow part of the turkey, and then this is going to build up to be the fatter bottom part of him. So we're, or her, of course. And so we're just going to cut that part off and save it, and then following my guideline there, cut that part off as well. Now that I have my four corners cut off, now I'm going to start to round the turkey. So I'm just going to just use my serrated knife, and I'm just going to try to round each of the corners of the turkey, where I cut off the edges. Now that we've rounded the top all the way around the cake, we're now going to cut into it at the bottom to round the bottom as well. So I'm just slicing into it a bit, so I've just taken that little bit out, and then I'll just finish off rounding it, making it a little bit rounder, just like that. So I'm going to go around the whole cake, rounding it underneath. So now we have the turkey up on an angle, so that you can see what I'm going to be carving. Now this is going to be, this is the narrow end of the turkey, and this would be where the cavity of the turkey would be, that you would stuff the stuffing in. So we need to make a hole in order to put our pretend stuffing in. So I'm just going to carve a little hole with a smaller carving knife, and I'm just going to hollow out this little area, and then we're going to stuff it full of stuffing later on. So just start pulling these little pieces out, and remember to save them. Now that my golden butter ball is carved, I'm going to cover it in some of my brown butter cream, and I'm just going to make sure I get everything all covered and nice and smooth. Now that the turkey is completely covered with the butter cream, what I've got out now is the extra pieces that I told you to save, because we're going to turn these into stuffing. So I'm just using my serrated knife, and I'm going to be cutting it into little cubes so that it will look like the bread pieces that you would find in actual stuffing in the center of a turkey. So I'm just cutting these up, and they can be any size and any shape, and what you're going to do is you're going to put them on a parchment lined baking tray, and you're going to put them into the oven on broil. Now broil works usually pretty quickly, so you want to keep a close eye on them, and you're just wanting to look to let them be golden brown. So they're kind of like a different shade of brown, like these ends of these cake pieces are as anyways. So just plop them onto your tray, spread them out, and make yourself some cake stuffing. Next up with our cake scrap, so what I've just done is I've crumbled them all up, so the ones that I didn't use to make the stuffing, I'm going to be using to make the drumstick and the wings. So I've got them crumbled up here in my bowl, and I'm going to be adding in some buttercream. So it's just like making a big giant batch of cake pops. So I'm just going to put in my buttercream, and then mix it all up. So we're going to start out making the drumstick. Now in my hand I have about a palm's worth of the cake pop dough, and what I'm going to do is I'm just going to shape it into a drumstick. So I'm going to start with a round ball, and then I'm just going to kind of start to narrow it out like this, and then I'm just going to start squeezing. So if you're getting these cracks, you just want to make sure they stay together by pushing them back together. Now right at the end, I'm going to just use my pinky figure and make a little divide there, and then squeeze it out a little bit farther, just like that, to make the drumstick. And then make a second drumstick as well. So the next thing I'm going to make is the wings for the turkey. So I've got another palm full of the cake batter, the cake dough here. So I'm just going to this time shape it into a bit of a rectangle, and just work it. And then this one is going to start to turn. So I want my wing to come back. So as I'm just working this, I'm just kind of flatten it out and make it go in the direction that I want it to. So I don't want it to be too too fat to stick off the cake, and I want to maintain the shape and the thinness. As thin as I can get it without making it fragile to hold. So I'm just going to keep working it, and then I'll make two of these as well. So I've transferred my turkey from my board I was working on just to a platter, and I found this at Target in the seasonal section. And I have my two drumsticks and my wing, and some more of the buttercream on the stand-by here just in case. So I'm going to take my drumstick, and I'm just going to place it here, and it should stick right onto the cake no problem. And I'm going to stick my wing here like that, and then I'm going to repeat on the other side. And I'm going to cover both like the drumsticks and the wings in buttercream. So I have my turkey covered, and the drumsticks and the wings can be a little bit tedious to cover up, but just take your time and do it nice and slowly. And I have my cooled and toasted cake stuffing pieces, and I'm just going to fill my little cavity here with my stuffing pieces. So for the green icing, to add some color to the plate, what I thought we could do is add this, use this petal tip in order to make it look like the turkey sitting on like a bed of lettuce or something like that. Obviously it's just optional, so I'm just making little squiggles like you might find with an actual piece of lettuce. And then if you want, you can add some more of the stuffing down here, and we'll also be adding some of the peas and carrots, and I'm going to go all the way around the entire turkey with my green buttercream. So there you go everybody, how to make a turkey out of cake. As you can see here along the sides of the turkey and the back and the front here, I've added the little peas and carrot candies as just for a little extra colorful touch. So I like to wish all of my fellow Canadians a happy Thanksgiving this weekend, and later on in November to my American fans. Thank you so much for watching and happy Thanksgiving to you as well. Thank you everybody for watching, remember to subscribe to the channel, and I will see you all again next time.