 Looking for a perfect Thanksgiving treat for the kids? How about these turkey cupcakes? They'll gobble them up in no time. I'm leave Hansen here at the Betty Crocker Kitchens where these delightful cupcakes were developed along with thousands of other recipes and I'm going to show you how easy it is to make these cupcakes at home. Okay, let's get started. I've baked chocolate cupcakes and let them cool completely so now we're ready to frost them. I have chocolate frosting. Think about one to two tablespoons of frosting and spread it on top. I'm using an offset spatula. It makes it really easy to frost cakes and cupcakes but if you don't have one you can always use a butter knife. Now that I've frosted them, we can move on to the next step. I've placed some more chocolate frosting into a resealable plastic bag and cut a small hole at the tip. I'm going to use this to pipe the head. Squeeze and hold in place until you have the size you want and then release pressure and lightly swirl the bag. Do that for each one. Now on the opposite side of each cupcake, I'm also going to pipe a little line curving with the cupcake and that's going to be where the tail feathers are going to go. Okay, now let's put on the candy corn. We're going to get a candy corn beak and candy corn tail feathers, about five or six for each cupcake. So you can place these straight up and down because they will naturally start to splay out a little bit and if they do it a little bit too much, you can always move them back into place. Now to add a little bit more texture, we're going to put on some chocolate sprinkles. Okay, now the last step is to put the eyes on. I'm going to use some decorating icing. So you're going to press on the tip and hold in place until you have the size I that you want, then release pressure and gently spiral the tip up, that way you don't have a point. See? Now let's finish the eyes. I'm using brown decorating gel and just squeezing a dot in the center of each white eye. So there you go. Don't these look great? Now when you're ready to serve them, you can put little candy corn feet on too. The kids are going to love them. For more recipe videos, visit lifematedelicious.ca.