 Hello and welcome to cook and shugging. We all love papri chat, they papri mixed chat but when the time comes to prepare the papri at home we feel lazy and we get the papri from the market and sometimes the papri which we get from the market is not very crispy and sometimes very thick. So we can prepare the papri at home, it's very easy to prepare and you can customize the thickness and the crispiness as per your preference. So without a further delay let's see the enquiry to preparing this. Here we have the ingredients that are required for our papri. First of all the semolina or suji, 1 cup and about 1 cup of our plain flour meta. 50-50 ratio, some salt to taste about 1 teaspoon or so. In a bowl we are going to add all the 3 ingredients and need into a semi-stiff dough like our momo's or our puri dough. So I'm going to add all the 3 ingredients, no need to add some oil or any other fatening to it. It is perfect like this only. So we are going to mix all the ingredients and then add water gradually and prepare a semi-stiff dough. Don't add too much water at a time that may make your dough soft and if you make your dough soft it will be a hard time rolling the dough and preparing the papri. So we need a semi-stiff dough like our puri dough or like our samosa dough. I'm going to knead this for about a minute so that it gets smooth and nice. So our dough is ready, it looks perfect to me. I'm going to cover this dough and let this rest for about 5-10 minutes so that the excess moisture is soaked up by the suji and our dough is perfectly rollable into papri. Our dough is ready, I'm going to take out a piece of the dough and prepare our papri. Roll this dough into a thin sheet about half a centimeter thin. It's totally up to you. If you want to make it thicker, you may make it thicker. If you want to make it thinner, you may make it thinner. I like it thin and crisp. So I'm going to roll it into a big sheet and cut it with a cookie cutter or a glass and it looks perfect to me now, perfect thick. I'm going to cut it with a glass and this size is little bit big. I'm going to cut it in smaller pieces to remove off the excess, roll it again and prepare again. So here I'm cutting with a cookie cutter, this sheet is little bit thicker and we'll get a little thicker papri with this but yet there will be very crispy and nice. So cut this with a cookie cutter and if you have loads of pihins like my mom and my sister have, then the next step is for you. Lift up the excessive dough from this and keep the papri aside and let them dry. Sometimes when you lift the dough from this sheet, what happens is the papri comes out with the dough, nothing happens, roll it again and make the papri again. Here I have a very small piece of dough which I'm going to roll into a papri. So this requires loads and loads of pihins, this is what I was talking about. My sister and my mom has loads of pihins, they do it like this. So I'm not used to it and I've got a pretty shaped place papri but it's okay, if you want to do it like this you may do, both will work. Here we have our papri is ready, we're going to prick this so that they do not puff up while they are getting fried. So just prick them up. So now you can see they are looking very soft right now also but we're going to wait until they dry and then we're going to fry these. If you fry this now they're going to puff up like paneer puris. Here I have some oil heating up in medium flame, I'm going to add the papri to it and then we're going to fry until they are golden brown. Preparing papri is pretty easy if you roll it into a big sheet and then cut it with a cookie cutter but my mom does not like that and most of the papri is she have rolled with her hands. So it's totally up to you if you want to roll it into big sheet and cut, you may cut or you may even roll each piece. So I'm going to transfer them into a tissue paper. You can prepare a finger licking charts with this like papri, papri chart, mix chart, bhel puri and more. Our papri is already they have cooled down and they are very crisp and very thin, I like it thin and crisp. Did you hear that sound? It's very crisp and very nice so do try our charts, we have charts coming up next with this and more. So do try this and let me know how it turned out the way. Thank you for watching do subscribe for more of kubungshukin.