 Hey, we're shaking everybody. My name is Dylan Kowalski, team member of Magic YoYo and today I'm going to teach you how to bind your unresponsive yoYo. So an unresponsive yoYo is a yoYo that does not come back to your hand just from giving it a little tug. You have to do what's called a bind to make it come back to your hand. So as you get more advanced you're going to be using more unresponsive yoYo's. Today I'm using a Magic YoYo katana because it opens the doors to more possibilities having an unresponsive yoYo. You can pop the yoYo in the air without a snug in, you can whip it out of the air without a snug in, you can grind it, you know, all sorts of cool tricks that you just can't do normally. So grab your unresponsive yoYo, try to follow along and let's go step by step. Okay guys, so first off I'm going to teach you just the basic front-style bind just just like that. Okay, so all you have to do is start off throw a good sleeper, then you're going to take your index finger on your non-throw hand and you're just going to put the yoYo in about the middle of this string, okay? And then this hand you want to turn it like this and let go as you pass it under the yoYo. Okay, a lot of people when they first do this they'll put it on and just drop it and nothing happens. They put it on, they drop it, nothing happens. You actually have to wrap it underneath the yoYo. Now there's a trick to this. I taught this to my girlfriend and I told her when you do it don't let go till you feel the yoYo start to catch. You can even hear it if you listen, the yoYo right there. It started to catch. So I let go. Okay, so I put it on about right in the middle about and then I start moving the yoYo towards my non-throw hand and I wrap that underneath it just like that. Let's show it from the side here. So I throw the sleeper, I put it on and then I wrap this underneath. Let me show it from this side. Okay, so I throw it. I just remember not to pinch the string and you start off just drape it over, get it on there and then your non-throw hand underneath and make sure you do it to the inside. I don't want to you know try to you know cross my hand or anything. I want to do it nice and naturally how your hands naturally go. Just right there. Try not to put too much in it. You know just just enough. So let me show you guys a first person angle of that that might help a little more and we'll be right back and I'll show you the basic side style. Okay now I'm gonna show you how to bind when you're doing your tricks inside style. So you're working in your horizontal plane here. So now to make it bind the yoYo is spinning sideways, it's not spinning front and back. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna put it the yo yo about you know about your hands distance away okay and you're gonna put it on the string and then tuck it under. Okay there's lots of ways to bind. This is just what I feel is probably the easiest to learn from the side. So the yo yo is spinning sideways now. You know take it right here about that distance from your thumb to your finger, put it on and tuck it under. You're gonna do the same motion as you do with this one the way when it's here you turn it and let go. That's exactly the same thing. Don't let go until you feel it snag. You'll kind of feel it snag. It's it's one of those things. You got to do it and you got to feel the tension. So here let's see this from the side. Okay so we got it right right right here. Just hanging out. We're gonna put it right there and tuck it on here. Very very easy. Okay let's show the other side one more time. Right here. You got to put it on and tuck it under. Okay so I'll show off first person view of that and I hope that helps. Okay everybody I hope that helped. Once again I'm Dylan Kuala's Get Magic Oio. Stay tuned for more trick tutorials. We appreciate you guys watching. Thank you for the support and we'll see you later.