 Hi, I'm Krista with Big Family Homestead and today I'm going to show you how to make butter and butter milk in about 10 minutes. Butter-made at home is creamy and bold and very flavorful and it really only takes one maybe two ingredients tops. Now to make butter you really only need one ingredient maybe two. We're going to use half a gallon of cream that we collected from our cow macy and some salt. Now a half a gallon of cream will yield about two pounds of butter and lots of yummy buttermilk. Alright so first things first you're going to take your cream and you're going to pour it into a mixer or a blender. We just happen to have this really super awesome bosh mixer that we're going to use. You're going to set this at a medium speed for about five to seven minutes and then all you have to do is strain the butter, milk, off of the butter and then rinse your butter. Now I almost forgot to tell you about the temperature of the cream. We like to bring ours up to room temperature and just seems to work a lot better. This is about half way in. I'm going to go ahead and scrape down the sides of the mixer here so that all this yumminess will get down in there. Vala! We have butter. Now what we need to do is strain the buttermilk off of the butter, the fat solids. Alright so we've rinsed out our buttermilk. Do not get rid of that. We want to keep that for biscuits. Now it's going to go into a nice ice bath. Now you want to keep doing this until the water runs clear. Now you want to make sure you get as much of that buttermilk out as possible. Otherwise your butter will spoil a lot faster. Alright now for our final stage we're going to continue to press out any water that's been left after rinsing it. As you press it and you want to pour that off and you'll need it like you would a dough or something like that. And as your hands warm the butter, dip it back in the ice water because it's going to melt. Alright so now I'm going to go ahead and add our salt. And I'm going to add about a little less than a teaspoon because I don't want it to be too salty. And now you have made butter and buttermilk. It's easy, it's fast, it's super delicious, anyone can do this. I'm Krista with the Big Family Homestead and you have an amazing day.