 Everyone, I'm going to go over some basics with the shape technique that I use and just showing how I put it all together over a series of videos. So from start to finish, you can see how it is that put together my own paper mache recipes. The first one I'm going to start with is making liquid starch. I use liquid starch to provide a hardening agent in my recipes. You can go out and buy your own liquid starch, but I like to make my own. It's actually very simple and very cheap to make it on your own. So I'm going to do a couple of ingredients. I'm going to take a water, three tablespoons of water, two tablespoons of corn starch. So what we'll do is we'll boil the type of water and what we're doing that, we'll mix the two tablespoons of corn starch with the three tablespoons of water, mix that up so it doesn't clump, and then we'll put it into the boiling water. Okay, a lot of water is boiling. We'll put the water in here. Mix it. If you don't pre-mix the corn starch, you'll get all won't be when you put it in the water. So by pre-mixing it, you prevent that from happening. Okay, with the water boiling, we're now going to pour the corn starch mix into the water and then we'll stir it up. And again, we mix it all up in here and do it so it's cleared up. Yes, more than water. You can see a second. So you'll stir until it gets relatively clear. Can you stir a little bit? so Now you let the corn starch cool off the liquid starch and then put it into a bottle and then you can put it in a refrigerator. It can go bad after a while but when I keep it in a refrigerator it is actually less for weeks and weeks. I've had it actually less for a month or more before it actually looked bad on me. So an air-con type container in the refrigerator and you should have no problems keeping it. And then I add it to various recipes, the paste and the clays that I make and the glue. And actually the glue will be the next video that will be coming out in this series of paper mache basics. Okay, thanks for watching. If you like what you see, click the like button. Subscribe to the channel and check out my blog www.dehalzve.blogspot.com. Thanks for watching.