 Hey guys, happy holidays. Lacey and Anthony here for DNews. Hey. If you didn't see yesterday, we have started over the next couple days. We're going to be doing some fun kind of science holiday experiments that you can do while you're home. That's right. We're going to do some Christmas science. Today, we are doing flaming pine cones, but we're going to be coating them with chemicals to make all kinds of crazy colored flames. That's right. So you can throw them into your fireplace at home. Can you actually? Absolutely. You're going to need some stuff, pine cones. First of all, those are from nature, is where you can find those. And we have three different chemicals to make three different colors here, but there are tons of different chemicals that will make all the combos in the description. So you can check it out if you're going to do this experiment. Yeah, absolutely. The ones that we have today, we've got strontium chloride to do red. We've got cupric chloride to do blue. And then we have cupric sulfate to do green, which I think is awesome because these are so blue. Yeah, we should do this one. Yeah, let's do this one. This is the one that we'll demo. Okay, of course. So you got, just so you know, these are some pretty serious chemicals. You can buy them. They're readily available, but don't breathe them in. Don't touch them. We're going to put on some latex gloves. Don't eat them. No sprinkling them on your tea. They look delicious, but I would recommend staying away. Yes. So first step, how are we going to do this? First we got a bucket. Get a bucket. We got some mergies, babies, and some water. So just like a few inches that's going to let the pine cones not touch the bottom of the bucket. Yeah, that looks good. Okay, then we want to add our chemicals. So it says to add until they dissolve. So. Yeah, you want to really like, yeah, just throw it in. Just do it. You know, for something that's a science experiment, this really doesn't have a lot of exact measurements. Basically, all you want to do, dump it in there until the water just will not be anymore. Should I mix this with? Yeah, touch it with your fingers. Oh my goodness. That seems safe. Use a spoon if you got a spoon. You're kind of a dare devil. Dangerous kind of your middle name. I'm not afraid of losing this hint for science. All right, so we're going to put our pine cones in now. Yeah, so basically, you just toss these guys in. And like I said, they're going to float on the water and then you just kind of swirl them around. And what you want to do is just move them around enough to where they get, they get seriously coated and soaked. So these need to soak for a few hours to overnight. Yeah. Get all the chemicals up in there. Do you want to make sure it's going to be really green? I want to soak it overnight. Yeah. And what we did was we put a like a plate or a brick or something to push down on these pine cones to make sure that they're submerged the entire time. Cool. So after that is done, you want to leave them to dry. And what we use is, so we use the aluminum baking sheet and aluminum foil. And the pine cones were fine. I just want to start off by saying the pine cones and everybody were safe. But over time, the chemicals ate through the aluminum foil and- It fell over for the aluminum. And part of the baking sheet. Yeah. So these are like actual chemical chemicals. Definitely. Definitely. Nothing nice, nothing you want to keep. Yeah. And probably if you're going to be stirring or putting these on baking sheets and stuff, maybe you stuff that you don't want to use again. Yes. Exactly. So you can leave these out, let them dry. We actually have a batch that we pre-did, pre-dried, and pre-lit on fire. Yeah. Because I love lighting things on fire. Super awesome. It was great. Let's go check it out. We're wizards! Look at that one. Look at the green one. Woo! Woo! Woo! We did it. I was really into that. We done did it. Two things that I noticed. First of all, red didn't really work. Yeah, red really did not come through for us. It did not light up at all. We should have added more blue and green pine cones in there. I'm interested to know if it was the chemicals themselves or if red is just so close to the usual color spectrum of fire that it's less noticeable. So this one was a success. Yesterday, if you didn't see it, we made crystal snowflakes. You're going to want to check that one out. Oh, it's cool. And then we're going to like it. Yeah. And the next week after the holidays, we are doing an experiment that is something you can do with all of the holiday stuff that's left over in your house. That's right. We're going to make something useful-ish out of it. Out of that garbage. So make sure you check it out. That'll be up next week. Subscribe so you don't miss it. Yeah. Bye, guys.