 Hey guys, it's Bren and today I'm going to clean out an old Bath Body Works candle jar and since I have a new channel I need to fill it with content I figured why not show you guys how to do it. It's actually really easy. This is one that I've done before. It used to be a coconut leaves candle obviously and I actually like to leave the labels on mine because I'm a Bath Body Works fan so I like to show off what was once in the jar but I do take the labels off the bottom and I'll show you how to do that and you could just as easily take the labels off the sides. So I've got mine filled with Q-tips and I keep it in my bathroom. I first learned how to do this on Pinterest and I will link to that tutorial below. I do it in a slightly different way to get rid of the remaining wax that's in the bottom of the jars. I don't freeze them. I have a candle melt-er so I like to just melt it and dump it. Either way probably works I've never done the freezing thing though. This is the one that I'm going to clean out today. It's my old spiced cider candle from a couple years ago. As you can see it's on its last leg and I'm not really sad to say goodbye to this one because I have the new spiced pumpkin cider that I'm more excited about to burn so why not put this jar to good use. And when you think about it you're probably paying more for the jar than the actual wax inside so why not reuse it if you can. You could fill these with Q-tips or cotton balls or bathroom things. You could also maybe use them in your kitchen. Maybe fill them with sugar packets or something. Fill them with candy. Give them away as a gift. What I might actually do is transfer my Q-tips from this spring looking jar into this more fall looking jar for the season. Maybe have a different one for Christmas and whatnot. I don't know. Anyway here's how you do it. So I've got my candle on the candle Meltzer and you can see it's completely liquefied. All I'm going to do is pick it up very carefully. You might want to use dish gloves or pot holders. This one's just kind of warm but sometimes they can get really hot and I'm just going to dump it out into whatever kind of container that I have. The beauty of the candle Meltzer is that it usually loosens the glue on the bottom of the wicks so they slide right out too. If they didn't you could just use a plastic spoon or something to you know pry them loose. The freezing method allows you to break up the remaining wax and save it for a wax Meltzer if you wanted. You could also probably pour this into something and save it too. I don't ever really care about doing that because to meet once the candles get this low the wax doesn't really smell the same anymore anyway so I'm just going to sacrifice this. Okay so I dumped my wax out and it looks like I murdered someone in my trash can. Now all I'm going to do is first just kind of wipe out all of the excess that I can. Okay so I cleaned out most of it with just a paper towel but of course you're going to have some residue. That's where the trick comes in and the trick is to use baby oil. So I'm just going to put a little bit of this baby oil on some paper towels and then I'm going to use that to kind of clean the residue. The jar is still kind of warm. You could probably wait and let it cool down but I'm a bad-ass so I'm just going to do it anyway and you'll see it's just getting even more of that soot and wax out. The first time you do this you'll be amazed at how well the baby oil works. It just makes it spotless. Of course now it's all greasy and full of baby oil so I'm just going to wash it with dish soap and water. Now that I've cleaned it out I want to remove this bottom label so I have a very shallow container just a Tupperware lid full of soapy water and I'm just going to soak the candle in it. I'm making sure because I want to keep this label that the water isn't touching it and it's not. If you wanted to get rid of this label you would just soak the whole thing for about five to ten minutes. So my jar has been soaking now for about seven minutes. I'm going to enlist the help of a plastic knife to just kind of help me take most of the label off and you can see it comes up pretty easy if it's not coming off easy enough for you you could just soak it a little bit longer. So you're going to get most of it off this way you know, right away. But you can see there's still some glue residue on the bottom. I like to use soft scrub for this so I'm just going to take a little bit of the soft scrub and put it on a paper towel. Slightly damp paper towel. I'm going to splatter it on the wall and that'll really just take the rest of the glue right off. No problem at all. Perfect. And this label is still completely intact like I like it but again you could easily soak this and peel this one off too for a completely clear jar. Now I'm just going to wash the whole thing with soapy water one more time and then I'll be done. I'll be ready to fill it up. So that's it. Here it is all done all clear and cleaned out looks really nice. Admittedly this is not the prettiest label that Bath & Body Works has ever done. They have some better ones but I'm still going to try it out in my bathroom next to a fall soap and a fall wall flower at least until I get one I like better and then my bathroom will be all set for fall. So I hope you guys like the tutorial. If you did give it a thumbs up comment let me know how it goes for you. Let me know what you're using the jar for if you have any great ideas and stay tuned subscribe for more of my Bath & Body Works reviews and until next time I'll see you guys later.