 Hey everyone, it's Hannah and today I have another Back to School tutorial for you. So today I'm going to show you how to make these really cute pearl-a-bead pencil cases. They are super cute. I've got a little charm on this one. It's just an alternative use for pearl-a-beads if you've bought some pearl-a-beads that maybe don't fuse together that well. Now you can use them to make a little either pencil case or you can change the size, make a little coin purse or what have you. But yes, so that is what we are making today. I've seen pictures on Pinterest of these little pencil cases floating around and then I found a blog written in what I believe is Norwegian. Which explained how to do them. I had already worked out that this bit was peyote, I just wasn't sure how to attach the zip and the base. But the blog explained it. So I've decided to translate it and explain it to you, not that I speak Norwegian. But still, I'll pop a link to the original blog in the description box below. So 100% credit to that blog. I'm going to pop this pencil case in my box of giveaway prizes. So when I hit 50,000 subscribers, I'll be hosting a giveaway. The box has been building of things that I will be giving away. This pencil case will be one of the things. So be sure to subscribe to see that giveaway happen and anyway. You didn't just click on this video to watch me waffle on. Let's just get into the tutorial, shall we? So to make your pencil case, you are going to need some pearl-a-beads. You're going to need much more than this. I think for my practice one. I used half of the packet I bought, maybe a bit over. And the packet I bought was 2,000 pieces. So you're going to need a lot of pearl-a-beads. You are going to need a zip. The length of the zip determines the length of your pencil case. You can obviously trim the zip down if you want to. This is a 15 centimeter zip. You're also going to need a needle. You're going to want it with a point on the end so you can actually sew through your zip. Some scissors and some sewing thread. Obviously, if you want to, you can use beading thread. I just thought for this tutorial I would use sewing thread as it is something that most people have. So to start out with, I'm going to do my arm span twice of this sewing thread. So I've just measured my arm span twice. And snip. And yes, that's really long, but you're going to need a lot of thread. I potentially should have used a smaller amount, just for tutorial's sake, but hey, I didn't think about that. So, we're then going to thread our needle. So you've doubled over the thread here or both of the ends. You're going to thread your needle. And I'm actually following the tutorials that is posted on the blog, link in the description box. So I'm going to start the POT of how she starts her POT of. And I think I'm just going to do random colours. Oh, I don't know now. Maybe I won't do random colours. Maybe I'll do striped like I did before. There's only three colours in this pack though, not four. But anyway, leave me a tail of about 10 centimeters. You're going to pick up two beads. And then leave me a tail of about 10 centimeters. You're going to tie those two beads together any knot. Like so. Then you're going to continue the pattern that you choose. And you're going to pick up 11 beads. Obviously, if you want your pants case to be a different height. Four, five, six, oh six. Then you can use a different number of beads. But she recommends using 11 beads high. So that is what I'm going to do. So once you have picked up your 11 beads, and slid them all down, I am then going to start out by picking up my next row colour, which is going to be grey. And, ooh, we're going to start our POT stitch. So I'm going to skip this first bead. We don't want to go through him. And we're going to go into the second bead. The first row of POT is always the most confusing and the hardest. So once you get through this bit, you're fine. Then we're going to pick up another grey bead. And we're going to skip the next bead, and go through the one after. And then pick up another bead. Skip the next one. Go through the one after. Skip the next one, and go through the one after. Skip the next one, and go through the next one. And then for this one, she does it a bit differently to how I would normally do it. She pick up your next bead, and don't go through the grey bead, but go down through the white bead. The law workout. Oh no, I think your thread gets in a tangle, because you're using double thread. I think you'll find I'm the height of professionalism. So yes, you've gone through that white bead there, which is boosted that one up, which is what we want. And then you're going to go through this grey bead here. And go through this bead as well. Once again, or take your tail straight that way, and then pick up more grey beads. Now you're just going to fill in the gaps. And then pick up the next one. And then go through the last one. And then pick up the last one. And then we're going to go through the last one. Now you're just going to fill in the gap. So you'll see there's gap between them, so we're filling it in. You need to make sure that you sort out if your threads are caught around the beads at all, other way it will show up. And then you're ready to start your next colour, if this is the pattern you're doing. Obviously, if you decide to design a different pen, that is wonderful. I've just gone for a basic stripy pattern. But yes, you're just going to pick up a bead and you're simply filling in the gaps. So you'll see here is a gap, so we know we need to put a bead there, pick up a bead and then go through the next one that is sticking up. So it's like stacking on top of it. If that makes sense, you can go through that end one and then we're ready to go back along the row. Once again, following the pattern, you are going to keep following this technique until you have a piece long enough to go around your zip twice. So you want it to be double the length that it should be, so you can hold it around to some extent. And as and when I get to the point where I need to attach more thread, I will show you how to, because it will be foolish to try to make this with the right amount of thread at the start, because that will be super difficult. Okay, so I've been going for eight minutes and I need to finish off my thread. This is how far, basically my height in thread has lasted. So what I'm going to do is quite simple. I'm going to, so I'm coming out of this bead here. I'm going to sew back down through this bead and then back out through the next bead. Then I'm going to pass my needle underneath this thread and I'm thread my needle apparently. Super frustrating. So much easier using a normal needle than a beating needle. You can thread them so much quicker. Yes, and then so back through this loop, I'm going to pass my needle once. I'm going to pass my needle twice, I'm going to give it a tag. Make sure the thread is nice and tight, then I'm going to sew down through some of my bead work. Following the pattern of the beads, then you can try and hook your needle around a piece of thread there, which is super difficult to show you to do. Try and learn. And then sew back through trim off the excess. Remember where you were coming out of, so I know that I was coming out of this one here. Also, I forgot to mention don't trim off your tail, you need that. So then I'm going to measure out the same length of thread, so just my arm span twice, which fun fact your arm span is your height. They're human and atom-nated in general. I'm going to double up that thread, which is what I'm doing right now. You need to cut the thread, you need to thread my needles, making sure there are people so I can get them. And here's my loop. So I was coming out of this end, wasn't I? Yes. I'm also going to pass my needle underneath there. Just coming out of this one, so not under this one, but the next one. You want to pass me down a bit. And then you want to go back through the loop that you've created. And then pass down through this bead. Put nice and tight, so that loop is hidden up through this bead. And you're ready to start again. Okay, so I have finally, finally, finally, finally, made this long enough for my pencil case. And so what you're going to do is you're going to zip up these two bits here. Okay, pretty straightforward. You can see that they fit together quite nicely. You are going to go from one to the other. I'm just going to sew back through this to tighten up the row. Oh, aeroplane. Don't know if you can hear that. There you go. And yeah, I'm just going to zip it up together. So once you have sewn them both together, the join is here. The pattern is continuous. Wonderful stuff. I'm always worried about that. I'm now going to go down through, so I'm coming out of the gray bead. I'm going to go down through the white bead here. Just bring them together and I might do that twice. It's not essential, but I might do it there we go. Just to make sure. And the reason that you left the tail is so you can knot these two threads together. Just to make it extra secure. So just knot them together in a double knot and then proceed to finish off how you have done with all the other thread you've had to attach. Okay, so now we are ready to make the bottom of our pencil case. So this is what it looks like. You're doing the same stitch. Just in a slightly different way. Once again, get a length of thread. I did my arms fan twice. Once again, it seems to be my go-to measurement and thread your needle. Now I think I'm just going to do the base of mine just plain black because I use a lot of gray beads in this and my zip is going to be gray. So I might just do black beads because I've got a lot of them left over. So I'm going to pick up two beads and you can either knot the thread or you can just go through the loop like so. Pull that tight. And pick up your next two beads. So I picked up two more beads. I'm going to go through all one of these. Which are the first two beads I picked up. And so then I'm coming out of this bead here. So you pick up another bead and go through this one. Pick up another bead and go back through this one. So you're doing the same stitch but because it's a only two bead tie it's a bit different to do but you know still works. You can follow a pattern as you're doing this if you want to follow a pattern but I'm just doing plain beads for the base of mine. Okay so I've made my bottom band long enough to fit my pencil case or fit the bottom of my pencil case. I'm just going to sew back through it so I'm coming out of this bead here. You're going to go back through this bead. This is just to make it a bit stronger and then I'm just going to go in a circle for the first one. Yeah no this is just to make it that little bit stronger and more sturdy. So I'm just going to sew through the bead to the time. Okay this bead is going to be a little bit complicated to show but I'm going to try. So you have your length of beads. If you need to add more you can. Work out where the end is. It's not overly important where it is. You can always shift it around but for sake of argument I'm going to go through this bead here as one of the side beads. So I'm coming out of an end bead and I'm going to go through this bead here. And then I'm going to come up through this grey bead and I'm going to go through both of those black beads. I really like black probably wasn't the best color to make the base. So the only thing that I found tricky was making sure that the base sits kind of inside the beads and not on top of the beads. That makes sense so it's between these two not too raised but as you get through it it will be a bit easier. So on my first one I made I found that having three beads between the first one that you went through on this side and the first one you go through on this side is a good number. So I'm going to miss out that grey one, that black one and that grey one and go through the white one here. And then up through this grey one through both of these black ones. Super difficult to show. So I'm going to go down through this black bead here. Up through this grey bead. I'm going to go through both of the black beads off in the bottom. Pull that through. Then we're going to go through this black bead here. Up through this grey bead. Okay, still. I have sewn on the base. I'm just going to finish off my thread as I have done for the rest of the pencil case. And then we are ready to attach the zip. Right, so now it is time to attach the zip. This is a very confusing part but I attached my thread here using the normal technique and this thread bridge here. I went down this bead up through this bead. So now you grab your zip and you position it where you want it to be. I want it to be quite near the end because it's kind of perfect length. And then you simply sew it on. So you're going to sew through making sure you're going to get one side. And pull it through. Then you are going to sew back through the other side but between the two beads. And you want to make sure you are going back through the fabric as well. So this is what the back looks like. Then you're going up through the next bead. And through the fabric. Making sure that nothing is getting too knotted or everything is getting knotted depending on whether your thread is cooperating with you or not. And then once again, between the beads. Just like to point out that my thread didn't knot this much when I made my other one. And it's very frustrating. So coming out between those two beads and then we're going to go up through the next bead. And I'm just going to keep repeating these steps. Making sure that I'm trying to sew it on as straight as I can. Also acknowledging that I will never be able to sew it on perfectly because sewing is not my forte. But yes, I'm just going to continue to do this. Sorting out any knots as I go along and getting very irritated with knots. And then I will be back to show you the finished product. And here is the finished pencil case. If you stuck with me through this tutorial, turn out of 10 for you. It looks super cool. I'm a fan. I'm excited to see all your makes. I decided to pop this little charm on it because I just thought that would be super cute. It's by PixelPels. I bought it from HerencyShop because she's super clever and it's adorable. So I always using this one probably for makeup brushes or something. But the other one that I made, this green and blue one, I'm going to be popping in my giveaway box. So be sure to subscribe once I hit 50,000 subscribers. I will be hosting a giveaway. And this will be one of the prizes. So I will be sure to pop that in the box now. So now you know how to make your own little pencil case. I'm not going to lie. Took me a while. But they are so cute. And so just they're so nice and unique. And I really like them. I will definitely be making more. It's a nice alternative used to Pearl Beads. And I am a fan. As you can see, I really like this black and grey one that I made in the video. Plus the new charm from PixelPels that I bought goes really well with it. It would go better if I had purple in it but hey, I think it's cute. So I will definitely be using this. If you did happen to enjoy this tutorial, please feel free to hit the thumbs up button. It lets me know that you like it. And also feel free to hit subscribe. I post a new craft tutorial every Sunday. Like this one here. And then I post bonus videos in the week as well. So be sure to subscribe so you can see them pop up in your subscription feed. Plus the sooner I get to 50,000 subscribers, the sooner you will be able to enter the giveaway of the tile be hosting. So another reason to subscribe for you. If you happen to recreate anything using one of my tutorials, I want to see a picture of it so feel free to post a picture on social media using the hashtag the corner of craft. That way I can search the hashtag, check out your pictures and appreciate how incredible you are. Links to all of my social media can be found in the description box below, along with the blog where I found out how to make this. But yes, I think that's everything I have to say. Thank you very much once again for watching and I shall see you very soon in my next video. Bye! Hey everyone, it's Hannah. First off, I'm just going to apologise for all of the noise. The build is being noisy today, but I have to film this today because I need to edit this today. Everything needs to happen today. And the builders are noisy. But anyway, today I am going to show you how to use a new shape of beard that I have never used before. I've had these in my stash for a while now and I thought you know what, it's time to use them. So today I am going to be making this bracelet here.