 Hi, so it's Pam here again from Growing North. I grow up in Zone 3 to B. Right there is my website, so you can always go there to find information about what I've been doing in my Northern Greenhouse and everything else I've been up to. So tonight what I want to do is just quickly talk about transplanting seedlings. You can see there that there's a rather large mass of seedlings. And what I've done is I've planted them in a large container and I've just kind of put the entire container here into my kind of makeshift planting table and I've pre-filled a container that I'm going to be transplanting into. And what I did there is I actually have done a couple quickly. So I'm hoping I'll be able to show you what I do here in a very, very easy manner. So once I have this separated out, you can see they're pretty tight and they're pretty close together. There's a lot of roots. So what I tried to do is just kind of shake it a bit. I'm not forcing anything until something loosens itself off. And when you're dealing with herbs, this smells amazing. So I really wish that I could transfer well. So you want a small collection of them. Three is usually good, but if you end up with a couple more in the batch, you know what, don't worry about it. So this is kind of separated itself off. They got themselves a little jam together there. So if you're gentle, you'll be able to separate things apart from each other. Let me just get that guy. One handed when you're holding a phone to take a video, a little bit more difficult. But so you can see here, I've got a batch of them. And what I'd probably do if I had both hands is I would separate this a little bit further, but I'll show you quickly what I do if this was a smaller batch of them. So you see there the first one was about three. Some seedlings won't make it from transplanting. That's okay. Don't worry about it. That's why you do a couple into a pot. So what I would do is with a smaller batch. You can see here, these soil is actually a little bit down from the top. Okay, it's not all the way to the top of these planters. Let me see if I can show you that clearly. It is not all the way to the top. You want some rooms to be able to play in there. And I mean, I find it easy to just do this in my little table here. So you're going to just dig a little hole that's plenty big enough. Take your little seedling batch with all those little roots. I'm going to pop it in there. Pop it a little bit lower than the top for a lot of them. And you're just going to kind of work the soil around it. That's really all there is to transplanting them. So I'm going to be doing that all night smelling basil. It'll be wonderful because that's what this is. This is a cinnamon basil tonight that I'm transplanting. And I'll keep doing that when this flat is full. I'll grab another one, fill it up with soil, continue repeating the process until these will all go in the bigger pot. So what I started them in is you can start them in something like this. So this is what they would have started in. This is a pro mix seed start. Okay. So it's nice and loose. It's really, really good for seedlings to get the first root started in. And you can see it's got some some extra little additives here, microactive. So that's what I would have started with in that first batch. And then what I filled here, you can see here this is a a more a larger bag. It's the organic vegetable and herb mix a little bit more solid. And that's what I will use for for transplanting into the pots. You can also use another planting mix things like that. Just make sure there's got some nutrients in it. And that's all you need to do. So if you have any questions by all means, send me a note and I will try and answer them.