 Hello everybody! Today I'm going to show you a method on how I clean my dogs ears. Especially when I think they're getting the ear infection mine really loves ear infections for some reason. And before going further let me state this. This is how I do my dogs ear per my veterinarian. You check with your veterinarian on how to clean your dogs ear I guess due to the breed and the age of the dog. So what I'm showing you is what I do per instructions of my vet. Well that said I got a mixture I do a 50-50 to a tad bit stronger on apple cider vinegar diluted with water. They say at least do 50-50 or a little bit less from my vet depending on the dog and see how they tolerate it. You don't want to really want to go full strength. And then I say this is a cleaning solution. And this old dog here she's always had a hell of a problem with ear infections. So she's getting a little dirty in here. Let's see I move the camera maybe. Zoom in on it. You can see that in there. And I'll show you what it looks like. Now when I was first showed this by my vet we were in her office and she was getting her ears clean with some other solution. And her ears were so itching. They hit that scratch. She's scratching that itch. She literally fell off her front paws and the light from the relief because her ears were so itching. And sometimes you can hear her moaning groan with the light. I don't know if she'll do that today or not but she has done that in the past. Okay I got me a little can here of apple cider water and apple cider make she hates it when it goes in. I'll stick it in there and I'll let it soak for a second. A little longer second, 15-20 seconds. Now I'm gonna rub the ear. And the other dog is trying to get in the big middle of things here so she's being a pain. So I just give her little scratches and stuff while it's sitting. And it kind of softening all that funk in her ear. So now I kind of start rubbing it in there. It's loosening all that stuff up. This is the point where she kind of groans with the light because her ears are really itchy. Oh there you hear it. There you go. Scratching that itch. Okay from this point what you do is get a good old cotton ball. And you're going to stick it in her ear. Yes that's right. I'm doing it just how my vet showed me to do it. Stick it down there as far as you can go. You can see that are not there. See that bump build up in there. You get that reposition. And then you can then do the same thing. Rub the ear. I kind of go all different ways, change directions, change spots. Give it a good rubbing. Okay. Pull it on out. Look at the funk. Look at the build up. She looks like she definitely got an infection again. So what I'm going to do, I'm going to keep on doing the same thing over and over. Let me throw a new one in. I also heard that you can also use, oh there she's grown in again. Regular strength or undeluted hydrogen peroxide in there, especially they got in here infection. I rather always preferred this because it didn't foam up the bubble, all that other stuff. I also heard of people using it in their own ears. They had a wax clog in their ear that peroxide dissolves the wax and helps flush the ear out. I never had that problem by knowing people who had and the hydrogen peroxide works pretty good on that. Okay, here we go rubbing it, rubbing it. She got some relief. She was actually repulsed. She does hate it. She loves that relief. And here we go. Get in the camera there. Still got some funk. That's bad as that first one. There's lots of funk. First one again. Okay, so here's what I'm going to do. Let's put it up in the video and show you what I'm doing here. I'm going to continue on. Let me put some more in here here while I talk. I get it soaking there. It's just okay. I'm okay. That's a good girl. So what my next step is, I'm going to clean her ears every day, for a daily basis to see if it clears up. And if it does, wonderful. If not, I'll maybe use a little bit stronger peroxide. I mean, the stronger cider vinegar or even the peroxide. And if it doesn't clear up, well, the old girl is heading back to the vet to see what can be done. So, anyway, that's it. Take care. I hope this helps. Okay, any questions? Let me know. I'm not a vet. This is just what my vet told me to do. Take care and God bless.