 Meow! Hey, this is Craig. I just wanted to share a quick simple idea of how you can make a little storage shed out of some corrugated metal and some wood. So, basically what we've done here is we cemented these four-wry-four posts into the ground. We did that a while back. Then if you come inside here, you'll see that then we framed it in. We actually just used the house as a support. We've got our two by four. Some of this is just scrap lumber, so it's kind of odd sizes. But two by fours are great. And then that's what we do. And then as you can see, then we just fasten some sheet metal right to that. Just cut them to size and then just fasten them to the board. We cut the sheet metal with tin snips, which is kind of a slow process, but you know, it gets the job done if you don't have fancy saws that do that kind of thing. So yeah, it's a lot of work doing the tin snipping. And then I only had two hinges available. It's preferable if you can do three hinges on a gate. But these are pretty hefty heavy-duty hinges, so I think they're going to hold just fine. So I measured the door out and I just put this together laying on the ground. You need to put it together on a flat surface. So I just laid this on a flat surface and assembled it to size. I cut all the boards and then the way I screw these together is I just put a screw in it at an angle in each one on top and bottom. So the screw is going into the wood on each one. That's a pretty simple way of doing it. So we went ahead and fastened our hinges. Here's a thought for you when you're putting hinges in. We put the screws on the hinges on the inside of the gate because we're going to keep our mower in here and we don't want somebody running off with our mower. So by putting the screws on the inside when the gate is closed, and we're going to have corrugated metal here, then they can't get to your hinges. So if you have the hinges on the outside, somebody could just unscrew them. Of course, another option if you have on the outside is drilling all the way through your four by fours with a carriage bolt so that they can't unscrew. That's probably the most secure way to do it. But this also works. And then what we're going to do next is put our couple more sheets of metal here. And then I'd like to point out this cool product. This is a padlock protector. So what this does is we're going to attach this here. And these shields make it so with your lock, nobody can cut your lock with bolt cutters. As you can see here, it shields the lock. These shield the lock so they can't get the bolt cutters in there to cut it. So this is a very secure way. And it works as a nice handle. As you can see, it gives you a handle you can grab to open the gate with. So it kind of does double duty there. Hey, so we just finished up our project. So I just wanted to mention the rest of the details we didn't mention previously. So we got the three pieces of sheet metal on the door. We had to notch out where the handle was so we've notched out that. And then what we did is when you cut metal with 10 snips, it tends to leave sharp edges. So we used some pliers to bend that around. So now it's a rounded edge. So we bent the sharp part around behind. Because you don't want somebody to open the door and then slice their hand on that. So that's what we did there. So we had to punch a little fasteners. And I ended up adding two more hinges because I felt that these two decorative ones. They're very sturdy but I didn't think that this door was going to be too heavy. So we added two more hinges. Then the roof, if you want to come inside here, you'll see what we did is we just went up to the where it meets the wall. We just put some screws angled from the boards into the wall. And those boards, we cut the ends at an angle so they sit flat against the wall. So you want to do that so you get a good snug fit. And then we actually didn't have all the sheet metal. We needed so as you can see, we had to punch it a little bit. We got several different sizes but anyway it does the job. And then we added a little shelf in the back here for all the tools. And then also I should mention when we put this security thing in, the bolts weren't quite long enough to get the nuts on. So I countersunked that a little bit. Before I put those in, I used a nice wide drill and drilled into the wood a little bit. So we could get some good grip on those. Okay, so there we have it. There's our final product. There's our shed. And we're pretty proud of it. It's going to be the job for what we need. And I hope it helps you. Let us know what you're doing, what kind of projects you're up to. Thanks. Go for it to like, comment and subscribe. We appreciate it. Thanks.