 Now a space in our towns and cities is that a premium find it more difficult to find places to have a garden But I'll show you how you can transform even the smaller space into a beautiful garden. And for this, you have to go upstairs. Now porch roof with a satellite dish, amazing and unlikely place to have a garden. But even this small area can be transformed quite quickly with a few simple plants. We'll be taking our inspiration from the Japanese courtyard gardens. Tiny, perfectly formed gardens you'll find next to car ports or on balconies or even inside houses. First of all, you need a plan. Being a rooftop garden is very important we keep the weight down. So I've got this lightweight pumice stone to use as edging. It's quite an exposed place so we're going to use some alpines for our plants. So this heli anthemum looks a bit like a tree. We're going to use that to create a Japanese hillside along with this plant here which looks a bit like a clip to the bush. This is an area oria, very nice and a classic of a Japanese garden. Is this dwarf snake spear, this is Kyoto dwarf variety. It uses a ground cover plant and we'll be using it to disguise the base of our satellite dish. Our first job is to protect the roots so I've got some of this waterproof sheeting to go down underneath the gravel. This will prevent the roots from getting a foothold. I've already put some down around the satellite dish and I'll be enclosing the plants here with a small wall. I'll show you how to make that in a different video. Now to get some more of this down and get our plants in. Now I'm using our peat-free soil mix with plenty of pearl light. You can see I filled the wall and started working on the mound over there in the corner. In the mound I put in the taller plants at the back, at least to emulate countryside trees. And in front of them are imitation tree bushes. Later I'll surround these with soil and the plants will spread out over the bearers to create a lush green hill. The snake spear is just he tapping out of their pots and putting in the ground. They'll also spread out but just remember to weed around them occasionally until they've established. I've arranged them in rows just like in a formal Japanese garden. And there we are. We're almost done. One more job left to do and as to water the whole garden to make a look as though it's just rain. It's a very Japanese thing to do when showing off your garden. I hope you enjoyed the video. You can subscribe to my video so, and leave me a comment.