 Hi, this is Julie with Beeta Holly and today I want to show you a fun holiday project and that is making wine charms. These are great to put around the stem of your wine goblet during a party so people can identify their wine glass. And we're going to actually make the entire structure so that you can make as many of these as you like, give them as gifts and do them for every holiday season. What you're going to need is a ruler to measure out your wire. You're going to need some 20 gauge craft wire. You can see it comes in a variety of different colors. We've got gold copper, brass and silver. We're going to use silver for this project. You're going to need approximately a 1 inch cylindrical shape. I've got a wood dowel. You can use a medicine bottle. Anything you have is approximately 1 inch in diameter. You're going to need a pair of wire cutters and around nose pliers. You're going to need some charms. I've got some holiday charms here and you're going to want your charms to vary. You're going to want each person to have a different charm so they can identify their wine glass. And then I've got them in silver. I've got them in gold and there's a whole host of other ones available and you're also going to need some 4 millimeter jump rings and some beads. You can see here I've just got a selection of holiday colored beads and these are just remnants from old projects. So this is a great way to use up some of your extra beads. You don't really have enough to do a complete project with but are too pretty to even think of giving away or not using. So this is a great project for some excess scrap leftover beads. So to begin you're going to take your wire and we're going to measure 4 inches. Just lay it against your ruler and snip at the 4 inch point. Go ahead try to use your fingers to flatten it out and then we're going to take it, press our thumb to the middle of the wire and hold it firmly against the dowel or whatever object you're using and curve both sides around your cylinder. And you're going to have the wires cross each other. And just like that we have a nice even round shape. So on one end we're going to take our round nose pliers, grab the tip, rotate it back. That's half of our hook. We're going to stretch out our wire just a little bit so we can put some beads on and we're going to pick what beads we want to use. You might want to vary the beads that you use as well in addition to the charm just so people can easily identify their goblet. You're also going to want to go ahead and open up a jump ring. We're going to place a charm onto our jump ring. We'll use a little nut cracker right here. Place the jump ring onto the charm. Got another pair of pliers here. Not the best pliers to do this with but they do work. Close up the jump ring. Put your charm aside for right now. Now we're going to go ahead and just put our beads onto our round form. Now one quick tip is you want to make sure that the beads you're using are going to go around the round without distorting it. I say go up to about a 6mm size. I did use an 8mm here and it worked but I tried another 8mm and it didn't work. So be a little cautious of that but if you are just using leftover beads you can just play around. Then you also don't want to have a bead such as this which is too long. So you'll see because of its length of its length on the wire it won't scoot down. So be cautious of that as well. Slip on as many beads as you want. Scoop them down. You have half done. Just go ahead. Put your charm on. Do the other half identical to the first side. There you go. Now we just have to make it so that this is going to stay closed around your goblet and to do that what we're going to do is we're going to take our round nose pliers again. Grab that tip and just turn it back. Just like that. Now these two ends will come together and close and there you have a wine charm.