 music Hi guys, Happy Homebrew Wednesday for Wednesday October 21st, 2015. Tonight I am going to drink some wine that was sent to me by Larry at Trinity's Homebrew. As you can tell I've already tasted the wine. I got it out when some friends was over. They wanted to taste it. They've seen it sitting up there and they wanted to compare it to mine. So it turned out to be a really good lot of wine, Larry. So we'll go ahead and pour some of that up. And then we'll let you guys know what we've been doing the last couple of weeks. So cheers. So as you guys know, follow is upon us and I have my garden going out here. So the last couple of weeks I've been really busy trying to get all the harvest done and try to make it so nothing goes the waste. We got some peach jam made thanks to my mom. She went ahead and made up some peach jam with some peaches that we had left over. Let me go ahead and insert some pictures of the harvest for you guys. Okay so lots and lots of tomatoes. We ended up with making up some salsa. There's a look at the salsa that we made up. We got about, I don't even remember how many jars but we got quite a bit of salsa. It'll last us through the winter. Also we made up a bunch of big old batches. Spaghetti sauce from the tomatoes and we got it in the freezer. So won't be having to make much spaghetti. Just got to put it in a pan and thought out and warmed it up and put it over some noodles. And then you've seen all the pumpkins and squash that we had. Got, I don't know, 15 or 18 pumpkins, something along that lines. Gonna give some to the grandkids of course so they can carve pumpkins for Halloween. And maybe with the leftover pumpkins maybe we'll experiment with a pumpkin wine or a pumpkin beer. So we'll see in a couple weeks what we decide to do with that. Okay and then you guys been dying to get some updates on the lines that we made. They just been sitting in aging, finishing up the fermentation process and sitting in aging. But let's go ahead and take a look at some of those now. This one here is the peach wine. It's been sitting about two months now. As you can tell it's got some sediment on the bottom. Not a whole lot but and it's still pretty cloudy, which is expected. And then over here we've got the crab apple wine. Still got a nice color to it. It's getting to where it has some sediment on the bottom. We're gonna have to rock all these wines here in the next couple weeks. And then this one here I've had a lot of interest on this one. This one's the watermelon wine. It's been sitting just over two months. Still kind of cloudy. It's still got a really nice color to it. I thought maybe the color would fall out of it but it's got a really nice color to it still. And as you can see down here it's got quite a bit of sediment down on the bottom. We'll rack that this weekend, get it off of that sediment. And we'll probably stabilize that and then we'll age it. So we'll go ahead and do that this weekend and keep you guys updated. Also to be, I come home and have this package sitting on the porch. So I'll go ahead and open that and then I'll show you guys what's inside. Okay so I'm gonna open up the box and remove the packing material. And we'll go ahead and take a peek at what we got here. First off we'll get a little zip lock bag here with a couple of knotting amused and a US05. So I'm sure by the yeast that's in here you guys might have some kind of idea what's in the box. First off we've got a brown ale kit from Northern Brewer. It's a nut brown ale extract kit. Set up the hops and some grains and your model to extract and your sock to do that in. And the instructions. So yeah, that one's going to be a good one I hope. Never tried a nut brown ale before. So that'll be a new experience. And then we got an Irish red ale extract kit. I'm sure it's pretty much got the same stuff inside of it. It's got the moths and the hop additions, the sock and the mull pegs structure in there. And the instructions. Be interesting to see how that one turns out to. And then we got one more here. We got a weak beer. It's an American weak beer extract kit. And once again it's going to have the same things in it as well. So yeah, pretty excited about those. They was on sale for Columbus Day for 1492 rupees. So pick those up for a really good deal. So that'll be some future brews coming up. Okay, guys, so really that's about it. And I'm not show this week. I've just been busy with the gardening and trying to get the yard ready for winter. And all those things that a lot of brewing things coming up. I hope your guys is brewing is coming along well. I haven't had a chance to watch many videos. I have watched a few of the ones that I do watch. I do comment on. I should have some more time to do that now. Now the things are getting colder. I should have time to do that more. So that's really about it, guys. So until next time, remember, there's always time for glass of wine. Cheers.