 Hi everyone, I'm Ali Buckman with the Potomac Beat Company and I am going to show you today how to have fun with some myuki drops making little wine glass charms. This was a request from one of our customers in our Haggerstown Maryland location. They came in and saw some wine glass charms that we had created for an event, a wine event that was a charity event. And we decided that I would do a video in order to show how to do this to more people as well. So for these, you're going to use a couple tools. The actual tools that I have are a round nose pliers. If you haven't done any jewelry making before or any beading, the round nose pliers are going to have two round jaws that get narrower or thinner as they go towards the top and closer to you. And they're going to be thicker and they line up right in the middle. I also have a wire cutters. These are jewelry wire cutters. This whole set is the sparkle tool set if you're interested. And it has a nice flush cut here and an opening here. And then I have a needle nose pliers and they're flat on the inside. So those are the three pliers that I have. In addition to pliers, I have some wire. You can use a number of different gauges for this. I'm using 24 gauge artistic wire in the non-tarnish silver. You actually don't see a ton of the wire so it's kind of up to you. You could do it in a color too. A brown color would make it look fun and more viny as well. 26 gauge and 22 gauge would also work for this project. I have drop wise. I have four different colors that I'm making my charms. You can also use a mix of them if you want them to look different colors. So that's kind of up to you. The nice thing when you do them a little bit different, one each different, you know which wine gloss is actually yours that you're working with. So I have my wire and then my beads. The beads that I'm working with are a bunch of the check coatings because that's what I have here at home. I have the crystal magic wine. I have the crystal magic purple. I have the crystal capri and the crystal magic green colors. I also have some riso beads here. The riso beads are also a check bead. So whereas these are a myuki bead and then they have the check coating on them. The riso are a check bead and they're manufactured there. They're a long drop that have just a top hole there and that's going to create my little leaves for my wine clusters, my great clusters. And I'm working with beading rings or beading hoops or wire hoops come by different, a couple different names. And basically what they are, these are a 30 millimeter beading hoop. We sell them in packs and this is a pack of four here just so that way you have four to your set or I'm using four. They have a little loop at the end here. What we're going to do after we're done making them is take our needle nose pliers and we're just going to hold a little bit at the end, turn up a tiny bit. That creates a little bit of a turn in it and then that's going to go right into whoops and you turn it a little bit more. That's going to go right in there and hold your wine glass on your wine glass charm on your actual wine glass here. So it just goes right on the bottom and it's easy on, easy off then for washing and for cleaning of your dishware. So to do the grape clusters, what I'm going to do is take my wire here and I've already laid out 31 of my magic purple drops and I have the risos on the side. This wine glass charm here that I had on my glass has two little leaves so I use two risos for it. This one here only has one with a crystal capric. So you can choose and change up your charms as you do them. This is also, you can bead the actual ring if you so choose if you want more beads on the ring you can do that as well. So I'm going to cut a piece of wire here. Again this is the 24 gauge art wire and I want to cut it about four inches long. It's going to be more wire than you need but it gives you a little bit to hold on to. Once I have my wire cut, I'm going to go in now and I'm going to string my first bead on. So literally just one bead. I have again 31 beads sitting there so this is just bead number one. I'm going to let that fall down about an inch and a half and just kind of pinch the wire. So that way that one's down at the bottom. On my longer piece of wire here, I'm going to string on 25 of my drops. Once I get those 25 drops on, I'm going to go ahead and start turning. There's a couple different ways that you can do these. You can twist the wire so they look a little bit more like vines. That's one technique that I've shown. This one here is a good one. I've kind of rethought it and this is a great one for beginners so you don't really need any beading experience to actually do this. An easy way to know once you have 25 on rather than counting to 25 is to realize that there's going to be five left on your bead net. Once I have those on, we're going to get to the spinning. Those are all going to get pushed down right next to that starter bead. I will do two of them for you just to show you the technique. So I have this magic purple and then I'm going to do the magic wine as well. Once you have your 25 on, the one end to go up the other side, bring them back down here. You're going to go to that bottom one and kind of give that a little pinch in. I'm going to take this row then of 25 and I'm going to spin it around the pole. You can see here I'm not doing it tight and then I'm going to pull up my extra wire here from the middle and that's going to tighten that little one at the bottom. I've spun around two times. This third one, I want to go around that second row again. So I've spun once around twice around and this third time I'm spinning, I'm spinning and overlapping that loop before it. Once I have that done, I'm going to go back now and add on my extra five. Once I have those five on, I'm going to spin around again. I'm kind of push them down then into their cluster shape and with this extra little wire that's left, I'm just going to twist it around once so that way it holds it in place. That's how I'm going to get that little great cluster. You want to pull up on the center or the center wire and that's going to push that more into that cluster shape. With a little tail that's left, I am going to put on my one risotto and then I'm going to twist that wire one more time around that base line. Once I'm there and my little leaf is on, I'm going to take my wire cutters and just cut off the extra wire. You can do this with magatamas, you can do it with check drops, you can do it with check petals. So the leaves can be anything of your choosing. The risos were what I had sitting near me so I decided to do those. Once your leaf is on, you're going to go and make your loop for the top. So that's going to be right there at the top. I'm going to take my round nose pliers and don't overthink it. I'm going to hold my great cluster and turn my pliers back away from me. That's going to turn that wire into a 90 degree turn. The wire is going to go over top of the round nose pliers to make a loop and I'm going to switch from the top jaw to the bottom jaw. So half turn with your pliers and make my loop. It doesn't need to be perfect. It's not on jewelry, it's on wine glasses. You could also then make these into earrings if you're going to a wine tasting. They'd be really cute to wear. I'm going to twist that wire to keep my loop closed, which I was holding with my needle nose pliers. I'm twisting that around the base so that way I have a little loop and that's what I'm going to slide onto my ring there. Before I do that, this little wire that's left, I'm going to hold with a very tip in the very end of my round nose pliers. I want to hold the wire where I can see the wire there, but I can't actually feel it popping out the top. I'm going to start coiling and turning the wire in that coiling effect right down to my grapes. Maybe those coils are getting better or getting larger. What I'm going to do then is grab at the end of that coil with my round nose pliers and just kind of pull a little bit and that's going to get you that fun little vine look. I'm going to slide my cluster on to my ring. Take my needle nose pliers, take that little end there, turn it up 90 degrees, poke it closed. So that's the third of my wine glass charm. I'm going to get everything ready, count out my 31 beads and then get ready to show you again just quickly how to do that turning with my magic wine colored beads. So just to show a little variety, I'm getting ready to do my magic wine beads, kind of the perfect name for my wine glass charms. And I'm counting out 26 instead of 30. It's going to make the cluster a little bit smaller because I like to have variety in the grape clusters. I'm going to drop down one. Again do that turn leaving yourself about an inch and a half at the top there. And you're going to string on all of these beads. Once the beads are strung on then we'll go ahead and spiral it around. So I just put those 20 beads on and I'm going to, I wanted to run. So I'm going to get that first one again and make just kind of that little pinch, that first one down there. Straighten out that center cord. Again I have 20 beads on my line here. I'm going to push them down and the wire is really bendable. So I'm going to push those against and make a little loop. And then another loop, kind of going over that first loop as I add the next ones. Once I have that that it's over a little bit, I'm going to add those last five of my drops. And then we'll get ready to put on our leaves. And because I used last here, I do have extra wire here. So I'm around that there and I'm going to just twist once around that center cord. And then push those down by pulling up on the center wire. And that's going to get my last little grape cluster. To add my leaves, I'm going to pick up one of those risos. Again, riso, megatama, drop, doesn't matter. Because I'm going to add multiple leaves, I'm just going to take that one there. Add it. Twist around that center cord. Add my other one on the side here. Twist around that center cord again. And then I'm going to cut off this extra wire. If you want to, you can go in and kind of pinch that wire down with your needle nose pliers, that's up to you. So there's my little cluster. I'm going to go in now with my round nose pliers. Again, holding my cluster, bending back away from me over the top. Switch from the top, jaw to the bottom jaw. Creating my loop here. I'm going to hold that loop, the whole loop, not inside the loop, with my needle nose pliers. Twist the wire around. And with the tail that's left, go back into my round nose pliers. So I can feel the wire, but I can't, or see the wire, but I can't feel it kind of poking out the top there. I'm going to coil and turn with the coils going outwards. The last coil that I'm making is closest to my hand. It's going to make sure that it doesn't get too, too big. I can pull those out. I can bend them down into place. That's kind of up to you, what you want your little vine piece to look like. I'm just going to pull that out a little bit. And there I have it. I'm going to add it to my last wine glass charm. If you were adding it to an earring, you would just add it to your ear wire right now. To hold it in place a little bit, again, you can use beads if you want. I'm going to do that turn up with the end of my wine glass loop here. And I have one other one here that I need to turn up. And there we go. That is it. That's how you make the grape clustered wine glass charms with my yuki drops and using risos or megatomas on the end. So hopefully you guys enjoyed this. Check out the rest of our YouTube videos for fun little craft ideas like this and all the different jewelry techniques that you could desire. If you ever have any suggestions like this customer did that they see something that they want a video, let me know and I'll try to make it happen for you guys because I'm always happy to teach you more and to keep you informed about the new products and different techniques that are used in simple fun jewelry making or even crafting like this. So enjoy, cheers and have a great rest of your evening. Thanks a lot for watching and check out our Facebook page and also subscribe to this channel so you'll get updates about videos like this one.