 Hey guys, today we are going to show you how to make a home-made incubator. Which is kids. Yeah, this is other equipment you need. And you say probably 4 chicken eggs. But you can put all the eggs, that part eggs and you use. And this is what you need. Three almost stones if you incubator is too big. And this is optional. Yeah, well, a cup or something for some water and humidity. And this is a temperature and humidity gauge. And this is a property time and you can also turn on if you want to see it. I'll show you. Look, it's humidity 54 and it's 73, 4 on height. And you can also do this in degrees. And it tells also whether it's sunny or it's cloudy. Okay, so this is what you need. Okay, now we have shown you how to make this. Let me zoom it first. Yeah, okay. Now we'll start. We'll start with the first. Yeah, we have to put this towel underneath to protect eggs. Yeah, underneath the plastic. And one more thing, we've got this a bunch of holes for some air resistance because we didn't have to put it in. So we have to put it in the pressure for the eggs to start. First we have to put this like this. And now we have to put this cover for the bulb first. And when they're equipped. Yeah, because when the chicken has the burner all around and if we put the bulb, they will blast off. Okay, so this one we're putting this inside. We will show you after putting it. And you can take a hole. Yeah, like this. It looks like this. Okay. Now we need a cup for humidity. It should be here or underneath the bulb. It's not compulsory. It's optional. So it's humidity. And now we have to put the cover. Oh, yeah, one more thing. You have to put this stones for some thermal mass. And what? Inside the cup. Yeah. And humidity. And humidity. And for humidity control and this. We have to put it like this. Yeah. And the last thing. And cover. And cover. And cover. Yeah. And this is how it works. We now will show you how it works. We just put the switch. And then on. Look, yeah. Open the cover. It's like this. You can see everything. Yeah, a little bit thermal mass. And this is humidity gauge and temperature. Look, you can see as you can see the humidity is 54 and the temperature is 72 degrees Fahrenheit. And this is it's telling whether it's sunny or it's too cold. It's dependent on you. And this is for humidity. And this is a production for, yeah. And this is a towel underneath the eggs. And this is probably to conduct more heat. To just more heat because the heat passes it's shiny and it reflects and it's all in the incubator. It's very very. Yeah. And there are many of the poles. I think 12 or 15 here. Two at the side and I think 15 at the side. And two of them. Yeah, that's how you make a home made incubator. Thanks for watching.