 I've got to tell you, washing machine questions come in fast and furious here at the CMSHQ. What does high efficiency mean? How much detergent do I need to use? Why do I need a new detergent? Do I use hot water? Do I use cold water? Yeah, I hear you guys. I am going to have clear up this issue once and for all, you are going to be high efficiency experts. I've got a two-part series on this very topic, so let's get cracking. First of all, what is high efficiency? High efficiency washers or HE washers have been designed with more technology than the first spaceship that was launched to visit the moon, true story. Now the idea is the machine can sense the amount of clothing, how soil the clothing is, and how much detergent is present to create the most efficient wash, as in getting your clothes the cleanest while using the least amount of resources. In designing HE machines, using less water was a very important component of design. The challenges are laundry habits having quite cut up to this new technology yet. See, we're used to dumping a ton of detergent in the wash thinking that is going to get our clothes cleaner. But what's actually happening is the extra detergent is leaving too many suds behind, which trap the very dirt your machine is trying to rinse away. The machine, which can sense when suds are gone, now kicks into extra rinse cycles to get those extra suds out, and this can tack on an average of 25 minutes to your wash time and use on average an extra 10 gallons of water. So don't blame your machine, it's just time to rethink your laundry routine and your laundry detergent. Which brings me to another frequently asked question, why do you need a specific detergent? Here's the deal, old machines used a ton of water and with that, the soap which was used was formulated to work in a lot of water. Now, laundry detergent has been re-engineered to be low suds and work effectively in this new high efficiency environment. The more said to have, the longer your rinse cycle will be and the more dirt will be re-deposited back onto your clean clothing. Which is why they end up looking dingy. Also, that extra detergent hangs around in your machine and that ends up making it stinky. How do you know what kind of detergent to use and how much to use? When it comes to picking a detergent and I've done a lot of research on this topic, there is actually a difference in high efficiency products. Now, what all goes back to suds, products which are low suds, are the clear winners here. Let me show you, I'm going to take two high efficiency laundry products and I'm going to pour the same amount into a squeeze bottle. And then, I'm going to fill that with water. Now, I'll shake them up and try to squirt out the suds. Now that we've shaken these up, we're going to let them sit and settle down for 30 seconds. If these squirt bottles mimic your washing machine, squirt bottle number two has significantly more bubbles left behind in it, which means I will have to add more water and squirt it out several times before I actually get rid of all these bubbles. So imagine what that's doing to your rinse cycle. Whereas bottle number one actually has no bubbles left. So it doesn't need any more rinse cycles. Suds technology. Who knew? Let me show you that again. This time, I'm going to use mason jars so that it's a little easier for you to see what I'm talking about. Here's detergent number one again and here's detergent number two. I'm going to add some water into these mason jars, shake them up, let them chill out for about 30 seconds, dump them out, and we can see exactly what I'm talking about. So, I'm going to use this detergent number two. I'm going to use this detergent number two. I'm going to use this detergent number two. I'm going to use this detergent number two. I'm going to use this detergent number two. I'm going to use this detergent number two. You saw it here first. Product number two's mason jar needed to be rinsed three times. So not only did it take more time, it also used up much more water. And it's still not even clean. Interestingly, product number one has suds which fizzle out quickly like soda and don't need extra rinsing. So number two is a popular high efficiency detergent and number one is tied H.E. Turbo which is a very cool product that is designed specifically to work using quick collapsing smart suds technology which is basically a fancy way of saying that the suds are way smaller and pop super fast. This is actually genius and the result to get you cleaner clothes in less wash time using fewer resources. I like. If you see this tied H.E. Turbo logo, you will know that this very technology is in the product and tied is rolling this out with pods, powder and liquid. Now in terms of how much detergent to use, your high efficiency machine can handle more clothing than a traditional washing machine drum could, but that doesn't mean that you need gloves of detergent. Basically a heavy load means that your machine is practically full and you should use the highest portion of detergent for that as marked out on your detergent cap and I would recommend using this as a guide. For a medium sized load, use the midpoint marker and for a small lobe, you know, the deal use a lowest marker. The detergent and your machine know how to get your clothes clean. You just need to set it all up for success by using the right detergent, the right amount and of course the right cycle on your machine. In the next video, I want to answer your high efficiency washer question so please leave them for me in the comments down below. What problems are you having with high efficiency, with your machine, with your detergent, what is confusing you? I've got practically unlimited resources to answer these questions so please bring it on. I'm actually working with Tide on this to help explain the H.E. turbo seal and why it's actually pretty brilliant. I spend time learning about it, I am completely sold on how much smarter this is and that's why I wanted to do this series for you guys. I hope you've learned as much about this as I have. There's a button down there that lets me know you care so click it if you liked this video and click this button right here to subscribe and begin your journey to a cleaner life. Thanks so much for watching and we'll see you next time.