 Hi, I'm Miranda Valentine, editor of the Lifestyle blog, Everything Sounds Better in French. And today I'm going to show you how to cut an acorn squash. So I have my washed and dried acorn squash here in front of me. It's important that it's washed and dried because the skin is actually edible and for a lot of recipes you will eat the skin so you want to make sure it's nice and clean before you do that. So all you'll need for sort of utensils and tools, you'll need a cutting board, obviously your acorn squash, a sharp knife, I'm using a chef's knife here, and then you're going to need a spoon to scoop out the inside, scoop out those seeds. So you'll notice the stem is actually on this part but you can see if I tried to cut it this way, it would be very dangerous. So you're going to turn it stem side down so you have a nice relatively flat surface to work on. And you'll see this little guy right here, you're going to start right in the middle, let look if you look great little guy. So hold it tight. And using this I'm just going to push down and rock slowly side to side. This one's going through relatively easy. If it's not, see, say it doesn't stop all the way, don't keep pushing through, you want to be safe. Just gently pull your knife back out, turn it, insert the back part in the cut, and then just keep going. Ta-da! So now it is open, beautiful, beautiful. This is the traditional way that people will cut and serve there, acorn squash, obviously not with the seeds in the middle, but these two halves often it's easy to bake it this way, or you can actually cube it before you cube it you would need to peel it. So let's remove the middle part and we're just going to scoop this out. Just like if you're doing with a pumpkin, any sort of squash, you know you have to pull this out. So just using a spoon, you could also use your fingers but I find that a spoon really helps to get this little stringy bit because you really want to pull that out. So just scoop, scoop, scoop, scoop. Just keep going. It's a little bit of a messy job, but that's okay. It's okay to get messy in the kitchen. And just keep scooping and sliding until those little stringy parts are out. And if your hands get slippery, which they might just wipe them off and keep going. Okay, so we are looking good. All right. So as the majority of my stringers are out, all the seeds are removed. There you have it. And now it's ready to either peel, which acorn squash is notoriously difficult to peel. That's why it's really good that the peel is edible. But if you have a recipe that calls for it to be cubed and peeled, there's a little trick you actually would boil it first for about three minutes. Get it kind of cooked a little bit. It helps the skin to loosen up, peel it that way and then continue chopping. Or if you're just going to bake it, you could fill this part with butter, a little bit of brown sugar and pop it in the oven. And that's how you cut acorn squash. Thanks for watching. Make sure to subscribe. And if there's something that you want to learn how to make, send me an email at Request at Mahalo.com. And don't forget to check out our other great videos.