 Hey guys welcome back to my channel and today's video I'll be showing you guys how to make a delicious caramelized onions and mushrooms. So for this we are going to be using 8 ounces of sliced creamy mushrooms and I have one large onion sliced up and I'll be using one tablespoon and a half of olive oil and I will be using some red cooking wine. If you have red drinking wine you can use that as well just make sure it's a good wine that you would drink and of course some salt and pepper to taste and I will be using my Ken Morrison let's still pot to make this. Please check the description box where I will list everything I use in this video for you guys. So let's get cooking guys. Okay I have my stove set to medium high. I'm gonna go ahead and pour in my oil and to that you want to go ahead and put in your onions be careful and I'm going to cook my onions for about one minute before I add in my mushroom. Make sure you keep stirring it so that the meat is sticking under the in the pot. Again, it's about 4 minutes and then we'll go ahead and add the mushroom. Okay now you want to go ahead and add your mushrooms. I just like to kind of get my onions cooked just a little bit before I add my mushroom. Now you have to make sure you stir this up then you don't want it to burn. We want the nice sweet to come out of which tastes to come out of our onions without it having a burnt taste. So you want to do that until the mushroom starts down. Okay and I'm going to go ahead and add some salt. Add some salt and pepper to taste. And we are not going to be adding that wine until the sauce down completely. So do this for another 5 to 6 minutes. All right guys, my time to deglaze our pan. As you can see my onions cooked down so much and my mushroom has cooked down also. And now you want to get all that good stuff from the bottom of your pan. So you want to put a little bit of wine. About 3 to 4 tablespoons and just mix it all in. And I'm going to add a little more. It smells so good. This will go so well on top of a nice hamburger or on top of a nice well cooked taste or even I make these grilled mushroom. Not grilled mushroom, I make this grilled cheese and I put this in there with some quits, cheese or even some grits. If you want to see that video, keep this video a big thumbs up so I know you guys are interested in seeing that grilled cheese video that I make with this caramelized onions and mushrooms. And please go like me on Facebook, go follow me on Instagram and come back with me on Jeff Jeff. I will leave other links for those down in the description box. This is so good, it smells so amazing. If you guys have tried this, please give this video a thumbs up. So I know you guys can be coming down below what you love to put this on top. And this will do it for this video guys. I'm just going to go ahead and give it a quick taste. It's so sweet, this is so amazing. And let me know what you want to see my basic hamburger video with this. I do have a jerk video up at the channel. I will leave the link down in the description box for you guys. But this will do it for this video guys. Please don't forget to subscribe to my channel, comment, like and please share. And I always think that there's still so much for watching and I love you guys for watching. See you in my next video. Bye bye.