 Okay, here's what you're going to need to make a very effective nat trap. Get a blank piece of paper, pair of scissors, you want to cup or glass, a roll of masking tape, nice sharp pencil, some red wine vinegar. Don't use the white variety or apple vinegar. Use red wine, that's the best. I really attracted to that and a little bit of dish soap. And you're going to also need water for this too, although I didn't show that. Okay, let's start by drawing a circle on the paper and we could use the roll of masking tape to do that. We'll take our pencil and we'll just draw a circle on the page. Next thing we're going to do is we're going to want to cut that out and I'm going to speed that little process up for us here. So you don't have to watch me cut a circle out of the paper for the next minute. Okay, now the next thing you want to do is just cut a slot down to the center. You don't need to go any further than the center because we're going to fold this over now to make a cone. So you just kind of push the cut ends inward and you start making a cone. Then you just stick it in your cup there just to see how it fits. You're pretty much wanting it to just go to the top of the cup and get yourself a small piece of masking tape and we're going to tape that cone so that it will hold its shape and then we can finish taping that seam once we've got at least held in shape. So first put the cone in and you want it just to the top of the cup and then you can hold that shape with a little tape. Okay and now we'll go ahead and tape the seam on the back with a little more masking tape. Now this is really a great little net catcher. I live out in the woods in the Ozarks here in Arkansas and I'll tell you in summertime we get these little nets and they can drive me crazy while I'm sitting behind my computer. So I usually make this every year. Okay, take a pencil and just poke a hole. You don't need too big of a hole. Nice, you know, big enough for a net to get through and see I'll give a little close up there for you. And then you're going to want to go ahead and just see how it fits. Really nice there. That's good. And then we're going to put a little bit of vinegar. You don't need a whole lot. Just pour a little bit down there. Oh, I don't know, half an inch worth. And then we're going to want to add a little bit of dish soap to that. Then drop this soap is enough and just kind of swirl it to get it nice and mixed. We find that the red vinegar attracts and then the soap makes sure to kill them right away. So no chance of them ever getting out even though I don't think they would anyway. And just add a little bit of water to bring the level up a little bit. Next thing you want to do is you want to get a couple of pieces of masking tape and put one on each side of the cone 180 degrees apart. Because we're going to lower that cone right over the top and then we're going to want to secure it in place with that tape. Real easy to do. So here we go. Okay, and you're just going to kind of make sure that it goes right up to the top of the cup. And I put my hand on top there just to make sure that it's level and we got the whole right in the center there. And now the next thing we want to do is start taping all around the edges because you don't want any way for those little critters to escape once they go into that little hole. And I'm going to speed this little process up as well so you don't have to watch me tape this thing for the next two minutes, although it doesn't take that long really. But you just go ahead and you just tape that up all the way around. And the way this thing works is really interesting. They get attracted. They go down that little hole. And because it's a cone, they can't seem to find their way back out again after while they get really tired or they fly around in there and they hit that liquid and they drown and die if the detergent doesn't kill them first before. Anyway, give me a thumbs up if you liked this video and thanks for watching.