 Hi, I'm Wolfgang Park and today I'm going to show you how to make great, carbonate-based short trips. It's going to blow your mind. They're so delicious. The first thing I always do is marinate the meat. It tenderizes it and it gives it flavor. You know, years ago when I came to America, everybody was only eating steaks or chops. Nobody used the lesser cuts of meat because people didn't know how to prepare them really well. After 35 years, short trips have become very, very popular. So today, praising or slow cooking has become in fashion again. I make their short trips sometimes on Sunday at home because it takes a long time to cook. So normally I come home at six o'clock at night and I cook something really fast, but on Sunday when I spend all day at home, I just make them put them in the oven and at 630 they sit down and have dinner and everybody loves it. Now, the next step, we're going to flour them and then we're going to saute them. Why do I flour it? We all know that when you flour meat, it browns better. We want to brown the meat because you get so much more flavor. All right, put olive oil in a pan and wait until it gets smoking hot. All right, the meat should be nice and brown. Let's look at it. That's what we want. Beautiful caramelization. See that? Perfect. And then we're going to brown our vegetables in here. I love my praise short trips because they really remind me of home cooking. It's comfort food. That's the way I feel when I eat my short trips. And most of it, it's actually much easier to do than what people think. All right, bring that to a boil and then we're going to add the meat. Now you're going to be sure cooking your meat in liquid like that, it does not going to dry out. It's going to be nice, moist and they're juicy. You have to be careful. You know, my hand, they are so used to the heat after all these years. I can touch it at home, use your glove or a towel. You can set it for if you have a timer, especially go to the movies when you're going to come back, you're going to have a delicious meal. Oh, look at that. Mmm, smells delicious. Use a fork and if the fork goes in with no resistance at all, you know your short trip going to be nice and tender. Oh my god, look at that. I have to taste a little bit. Mmm, I'm from Austria, so I love mashed potatoes. So I always serve them with some mashed potatoes, but you can serve it with noodles, with feta, jeannie, with a risotto. You decide what you serve it with. You know, short trips is a great way to save money. They don't cost as much as a steak, but they are even more delicious than a steak. Mmm, I think I'm going to eat two portions of that. It is so delicious. Oh, yes!