 Welcome to Diver Outdoors. We've got a little piece of snapper here and a piece of red fish and I'm going to show you how to make blackin fish. It's not very complicated. The first thing you want to do is take your fish and make sure you cut any of that fat away. That red looking stuff is just fat. That's pretty good. That's good and this one's good. We'll just cut a little bit off of there. That looks good. I'm going to take a little melted butter. It's not really melted. It's just soft and we're going to smear them down with butter. It works better if your flays are not cold. If you try to do this when your flays are cold, the butter will, will, uh, re-bolt against you. It won't want to smear on there. That's perfect. A little bit on this side and then you just use a commercial blackin season. All right, we've got the butter on there. Now we're going to use a little bit of veritan blackin fish seed. And I just can't put too much on it. Lay it on there thick. And the butter will help it stick. Turn it over on the other side. Do you go to the side? We're going to transfer them over here to our cookie sheet and then we're going to go to the grill. They're all ready to go to the grill. We'll take that along. They got my skillet on here. Took the grade out from the grill and we got my skillet on there. That's my black favorite skillet. As you can see, it's smoking high. Put that butter in there on top of it. The number level is if we, there we go, it's a little less better. And we're going to let that butter melt. This doesn't take long. It's just bang, bang. So yeah, I guess. And then you put my glove on there for a minute. If I can't level that off a little bit, just a little bit. There we go. All right, now we're going in with our fish. That's the staffer. No, that was the, excuse me, that was a red fish. This is the staffer here. That's, as you can see, that smoke can hot. Then it's just butter all at 10. We're going to let it about two minutes per side. It's kind of running and then that butter and bring it back out. And as everybody knows, the butter will block it in a frying pan by itself. And one of the biggest secret cooking any kind of fish is knocked over, cooked it. And I guess just because it's blocking the other minutes, you don't burn out of the frame. So we're going to leave that about two minutes. We're going to, whoa, look at here. Whoa, we look at that. That was going to turn that over, turn that one over. That's hot. Oh, is that looking good or what? That's going to be ready to eat shortly. This is a gas grill that I'm using here. And I've got it as hot as, I've got the grill out of the grill and the skillet right down on the coal. And that's pretty hot. You want to get it as hot as you can, as a matter of fact, I'm going to have to use a glove here to give my, that piece of reddy. That's ready. This will be right here ready. And this will ride that man ready. Oh, it's looking good. Yum, yum. That's snapper and redfish are both delicious fish. And I don't know how you could have to work it. Oh, look, I'll flake it at my hands. It's fell apart. That's what it's supposed to do. There it is. That's snapper right there. Oh boy. That's delicious. Black and redfish and snapper. Pridem wee's in. But it sure is good. And we'll see you next week for another episode of Dabler Outdoors Cooking.