 This is the official documentation of the making of turd duck and we start with a turkey and then we start with a duck and ultimately with a chicken. This documentary will be a frankl source of video of how to make a turd duck. Okay now let's review the necessary tools for making a turd duck and suggestion is to have a handy flexible filet knife, standard filet knife and most importantly a very cold hanecken, a very ice-cold hanecken to help the chef prepare his turd duck and there you go there's your next tool and then start with a young fresh chicken. Start with the smallest bird first and then work your way up to the biggest bird which will be the turkey. After cleaning the turkey the chicken and taking out all the innards. Turn your chicken over back side up and start your first cut right down the back and then start separating one side and the other side slowly. As you can see the incision started at the back and then you work your way on one side working closely to the bone and separating the thigh bone and the breast away from the brick cage. Once you work your way around the entire carcass you take the carcass and discard the carcass great for chicken stock the next step as you can see is to work the meat around the leg and thigh that will be the next step. In process with the duck here is your duck turn your duck back side up and make a cut right down the middle and then work on one side and then the other. And after deboning the entire duck as you can see take out the carcass and tact leaving behind the all the duck meat with the skin still attached trimming a lot of excess skin away from the duck by keeping some of the skin still attached as you can see here. And here's the duck the duck is ready now we'll work on the turkey and now we'll work on the turkey. Again with the turkey flip them over on the side on the back and as with the chicken and the duck you slice down the middle then work slowly against the bone peeling back the meat and the skin keeping as much meat intact as possible. When working around the leg bone the thigh bone cut the joint between the thigh bone and the main body of the turkey. Working very close to the bone you peel back and work the meat away from the bone slowly working around the oyster of the back of the turkey as you can see we're working our way inside the breast area. Once you work on one side of the turkey you can see the action here moving all the breast away from the breast bone all the way down to the pelvic here we'll work on the other side next which is still intact as you can see. Upon separating both sides of the breast bone you can safely remove the entire carcass of the turkey as you can see here. Clearly removing it keeping the entire turkey intact. Next step is to work around the thigh bone and the leg bone removing the entire bone from inside the thigh then work your way into the leg bone taking the entire leg bone and thigh bone later we will stuff what's stuffing inside the leg. Once you work the bone out of the thigh and the leg bone you can see here you must cut the leg bone as close as possible to the end joint which is right about here keeping about one inch of the end joint and use a special tool big scissor to cut right there. Once you cut it you can use the bones to make a good stock. With the stuffing you go ahead and stuff the inside of the legs so that you now have a really good shape on your legs looks like you have bones in there but it's really stuffing you do both sides once you take all the bones out stuff the legs with your stuffing all the way inside the cavity. After stuffing the legs put one thin layer of stuffing and the inside the rest of the cavity as you can see here inside the turkey. On top of this first layer of stuffing we will add the duck and then another layer of stuffing and then finally a layer of chicken and then we'll close it here is the final assembly of the three layers turkey duck chicken in between each layer you have the stuffing now we have to close the turkey up and sew the back back together and that will be tricking itself so let's see how that's done. With butcher's twine and a homemade needle you're able to now sew the back of the turkey back so that it holds its shape one stitch at a time and this is a stitched back of a turkey you can see the whole turkey stitched all the way down and now you have a turkey that is ready for seasoning on the outside I like to use Cajun rub, Cajun rub spice which is a very good tasting for turkey and the four turkey and especially can't wait to eat this bird. The finals are showing of the turkey duck and as you can see the turkey duck is almost ready to be served it's still in the oven the inside temperature of the turkey duck is still not quite 165 degrees we will look for a much higher degree around 165 as you can see the turkey duck it looks like a turkey but there are no bones in the turkey duck and it is quite tasty once you've caught this bad boy out so again we'll take more videos as if the documentary comes to a full completion