 Alright, what is going on guys? I'm off to Surah O'Leary here. Back again, I had six flags for a raid adventure. Today I just got my 2018 season pass. They're doing the flash sale. I just came back yesterday actually, and I record a little video without a minute. And yeah, I just got the season pass. So I'm going to head over here to the unprocessed season pass line, which is not too bad actually. And then I'm going to actually exit. Because I have the dining pass on both passes. I still have my 2017 pass. So I'm just going to like circle around and then go back into the process lines and see if I can do that. I don't know. See if that works. It works. We're scheming. Okay, I just scanned in my 2018 season pass. I went out the exit. I got a handstand just in case my other season pass wouldn't let me in. So let's see if this works. I'm going to like the far other side. So like there's no chance that that lady who just scanned me in is going to see me again. Hopefully none of the security guards saw me do that either. Because I literally like just got in. And then I went right to the exit. It was really, really weird. So we're going to go right over here to process. I don't want to keep you waiting. I appreciate that. I appreciate that. I'm going to try. Okay. Thanks, you too. Okay, that worked. Surprisingly. I'm actually a little bit surprised that worked. So yeah, I just scanned in my 2018 season pass with a new dining pass. And then I also scanned in my 2017 pass with the dining pass. So I have two dining passes active right now in the park. So now I can go and get like four meals or whatever. Probably not going to. I might only get like two or three meals. In fact, where should I go first? I might just grab something to eat first. Maybe I'll go over to the Metro Grill. Maybe. Let's go over there. But first, there's a dance party going on. Woohoo! They're doing the wrong dance, but that's okay. There you go. None of the kids know how to dance. I guess. I don't know. Pretty awesome dance party. And the playing my favorite song. Pretty awesome. Alright, yeah. So now we're going to head over to the Metro Grill first thing and grab some food over there. This is pretty much going to be a food day. I don't know how much I'm going to actually eat, but yeah. Alright, I got the whole thing sorted out. I guess relations. Apparently there's an issue with the 2017 memberships. Not like coming up as 2018. I'm not really sure. I think it has to do with the seasons. Like I don't know because the 2018 season passes like way early. Either way, I still have my two dining plans. So I got my sports bottle. It's only the 2017 sports bottle. Apparently I can redeem the 2018 one once the 2018 season starts. I don't know how that works exactly, but you know, I have it here anyway. Ooh, I almost dropped my cinnamon bun. But yeah, I'm taking full advantage of this dining past thing today. So far I got a breakfast sandwich at the Metro Grill. And now I just got a cinnamon bun from the GA Cafe. I still have to use my lunch and snack from my other plan too. The GA Cafe's cinnamon bun may very well be the best cinnamon bun roll thing I have ever had. And it's still warm and it's just gooey deliciousness. So good. Definitely recommend getting this guys. It ain't only a snack anyway. So good though, holy shit. All right, thank you guys for watching Getting Fat with Officer O'Aurea at Six Fogs. I just demolished that cinnamon bun after I had the breakfast sandwich. And it's like 155. So now I'm heading over to Prima to get a slice of pizza. I promise I'll ride something today guys. I'm sorry, I like this is just like ridiculous how much food I can get. And I'm just doing it because I can. Like honestly, I'm not even really that hungry, but since I have both of these passes, I might as well, right? I actually scratched that. We're gonna ride something instead. I didn't realize that thought it was actually 2.58 but it was 158. So I got like a full hour before I got to use my other lunch. All right, I think we're gonna head over toward the sky screen here. Let's do that. Mmm, I'll leave you there some big bright sneakers. Wow. My dance party over here right now. Looking pretty good. Lines for this sky screen we are not nearly as bad as it were yesterday. A lot slower today which is really nice. But to get on, probably after this next cycle. So maybe like 5-10 minutes tops, you're pretty awesome. Three, two, one, two, now. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. I'm just gonna go back to the sky screen. One time I was working in that booth right there. And a spring came off the top of the ride. Bounced and ricocheted off into the bushes over there. Yeah. Yeah. They shut it down there. That's the length. Yeah. Yeah man. Yeah, I have a good one man. All right. We just came off the sky screen. That was pretty awesome. I was talking a little bit to the guy who was sitting next to me. It was cool. Pretty fun ride indeed. I really like cycle two though. And I really wish they would run in backwards for once. Like the one that sticks like the England. Like that's really cool. I want to see it go backwards for once. But yeah. I think we're gonna head over to Nitro right now. Get it right in on that. I haven't ridden that yet today. Skyways got kind of a long line. Of course, they're only running one side of it. Just kind of sucks. The other side's down for maintenance, I think. There goes Batman. So we're gonna head over to Nitro and get our nice ride in on that. And I might even hit up Batman. I'm not sure. We'll have to see how I feel after Nitro. It'll lot already today. I'm not sure if I'm ready today. You get some really good shots of Batman over here by Nitro. And look at that. Wait guys. It's even better than yesterday. Oh my god. I'm so excited. It is starting to like rain a little bit though. I'm not sure what that's all about. It wasn't supposed to rain at all today. It just said cloudy. So if it starts raining, it would be pretty mad. Because this is only the second ride I'm getting on today. Of course, take your full advantage of the two dining plans. So yeah, I'm just eating a lot. Right? Not running so much, eating too much. That wrap is so good. Your speed looks much the tweak of the circle. Peace up, rambles the handlebars and barbie. Pull towards the parking end. Every one of them will take it. They pull the underline bar. Yes. I didn't see you in the ride again. And hold the naughty line bar. Hold down together. Hold down together. Hey, guys. What's going on, man? How's my truck treating you? Yeah. Ah, YouTubers, stuff you're saying you're a dad. Natural is awesome. Like, one that's for a better job. Alright. Can't wait. Can't wait. It's going to be very fun. Thank you. Alright. Hi, guys. Sam, we're all here. You know. You're a joy of a ride. I'm a sad hero. Woohoo! Woohoo! Woohoo! Woohoo! Woohoo! Woohoo! It's starting to rain. You guys ride here in joy of your ride on night ride. Welcome back to the Beauty House of Rhyme! Woohoo! Now stand in front of the tree. Now, please stop. And we'll run and run. Run and get it. Everyone, sign up for the beauty of the pool. And then on the line bar, push down. Hold down. Woohoo! And then we'll go together. Hold down together. Welcome to night ride. We only have 45 seconds left. We'll be sitting for the road to the front of the tree. Thanks for the shout out. Thank God. See ya. I'll see you next week. Yep. Bye. Bye. Bye. That was so much fun. That was really fun, actually, guys. That's Michael. He's a coaster enthusiast like me. He watches these vlogs, actually. I don't know. He's watching right now. Posts of the comment, Michael, if you're watching this. But yeah, thanks for the shout out. Yeah, he shouted out me as we pulled back into the station. He was like, officer earlier. That was that ride. That was really funny. Also, it's starting to rain. And it's supposed to rain all day, but yeah. Luckily, it's only starting now. Hey, we got cyclone. I think I was very enthusiastic. Did not seem to care. You probably missed what got cyclone. That's why it's not here. It was really funny, actually. Right as I was getting on to Nitro. The lead supervisor there, who actually knows who I am. Like, he's seen me there a billion times before. But I was recording Michael. He was operating. And he turned to me and he was like, hey, listen, man. You know what? I do vloggers who vlog on the roller coaster. You know what? And I'm like, what? And he said, we kick them out. Like, I have you Jamaican accent. I'm sorry, I can't do what you're making accent very well. But it was really funny because I don't record using my cell phone on the roller coaster as well. But I make it look like I do. So I get a lot of comments all the time by people asking me how I record on roller coasters. Now I get my videos on the rides. And here's how I do it. I'm actually showing you guys right now. What I used to record on the rides. I've shown you guys this before. But some of you guys don't know. Still. So here it is. I record using these special sunglasses that have a camera built into them. You guys could see that right in the middle between the lenses. Yeah, that's a 1080p HD camera. And I just strap them on my head and ride the roller coasters with them. And you can still ride roller coasters with glasses on. They don't make you take your glasses off on my rides yet. I say yet. I'm going to go to the roller coaster. I'm going to go to the roller coaster. I'm going to go to the roller coaster. I'm going to go to the roller coaster. That's all from my rides yet. I say, yet. Because I'm sure it will happen soon. But they actually already do make you take your glasses off on the joker. So that's why I only have a couple of POVs of that sort of sucks. But yeah. Right now, we're heading over toward the other side of the park. I might actually ride Green Lantern. I'm debating in. I don't know. I had zipper pockets today so I won't be having to hold on to anything. And I always want to give Green Lantern a second chance. Because I always feel like I give it a lot of crap. And it's a B&M ride. Really 인 theory shouldn't be as bad as I say it is, or people say it is. I don't know, let's go and give it a whirl. Let's go to Green Lantern now. Pretty busy up here. The first eight car just stopped me. You can watch this in my videos. That's pretty cool. I mean, recognize a lot today. It's awesome. All right, Green Lantern time. Wow, look at this guys. I don't think I've ever seen this many parachutes operating at one time. There's two and then there's a third one up there already. I don't know, that's pretty crazy. That's a really easy way to get rid of the lines, but you know, usually there aren't many lines over here. All right, let's do this guys. We're going on Green Lantern. It's debatably the worst roller coaster in the park. Let's go. This ride is so unpredictable. On the busiest days, there's no line, and on the slowest days, there's a line. It makes zero sense. But yeah, I don't know if I'm actually going to wait in this or not. I'm debating on checking something else out, but I'm also afraid it's going to start pouring rain in any second. Should we stay here? Should we go? I don't know, post in the comments. It's going to be too late by the time I actually make a decision, but. I mean. See, now would be the proper opportunity to use the single rider entrance, but that's closed today. So I don't really feel like waiting. They just sent out an empty train. That's never a good sign. Yeah, there's nobody on that at all. Huh. I'm here, Steve. I'm telling you, guess what, you're in line. Green Lantern is currently experiencing minor technical difficulties. It's like that. Hello. Sorry, bro. There's a little bit of trivia for you guys who don't know. This station here has actually the original entrance to the Great American Scream machine, which was obviously the right that was here before Green Lantern. So that always makes it so interesting. All right, so we're skipping out on Green Lantern for now. I don't know why there's so many people waiting for that. I think it's because it broke down right when we got in there. Sort of sucks. Oh, well, no big deal. It's starting to rain a little bit heavier right now, though, which is not good at all. I don't know what I'm going to do about that. Maybe I'll hit up Houdini's greatest escape. That's sort of on the way out, and I'm thinking about leaving soon anyway. Yeah, sorry guys for the short vlog, but it's a little bit rainy, and you guys know my glasses can't handle the rain. So let's get on with Houdini. I love how like three quarters of the horses aren't actually horses, and they're actually like roosters. It's pretty funny to me. Anyway, Houdini's greatest escape is right over here. It doesn't look like it is too bad of a line. We might be able to get in on the next cycle. It's got really a large capacity. I'm not even sure how many people can fit inside there at once, but it's a lot of people. So we're going to try and get in on the next cycle if we can. And it actually feels like it's operating, which is weird. Maybe I want to ride something else? I don't know, man. Alright, Houdini's great escape. We need to change the sign up on that a little bit. This is of course one of the rides added to the park in 1999 as part of the war on line scamping to eliminate large lines that we're appearing at the park before that. They're just working enough rides for the amount of people that we're coming in. That's all. I don't know. Do you think we can get in on the next ride cycle? I don't know. Yeah. I don't know. That line does look kind of long. Actually, now that I look at it, if we don't make it in, I might just call it quits on that. Try something else instead. I don't know. There's no real reason to wait for this. I've been on it a billion times. Alright, we've been up in the line. I'm not sure if we're going to make it in this cycle though. I'm pretty sure he's going to cut us off before that. But, I'm sorry, I guess. He just opened up these switchbacks over here too, so the line could come in a little bit more. I'm not sure what the capacity is. Alright, I just asked you to attend it outside. How many people can fit inside the ride at once? And he said 78. That's kind of a lot. Inside the pre-showroom. This is a pretty cool show if you guys haven't seen this before. It's some of six flags best-themeding. A lot of cool stuff in here. You can't really see it. It's just so dark in here. Turn off the brightness of it. Hey, you can still see it. That's okay. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to see how deep and history is. Or the rock can have the big pattern. There are many uses on the insisting. These are all jokes. The ricks and this is the magic. Thank you, Mr. President. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. Honestly, I don't quite understand previously. The other, the Kehrabra, who is a rich art for us and us. We make a connection. We are so afraid, we are so close. We are afraid, we are so close. We are afraid, we are afraid. We are afraid, we are afraid. We are afraid, we are afraid. We are afraid, we are afraid. We have been raised on the enemy, master of his skin. We have been raised to shackles that they place around him. So many years ago. And I am going to add the heart rate. My friends, thanks for your support. Got you on land. I'm sorry, Mary! Martin! How dare she put the sea in you, handed by all of us! She can't bring me back, because I can hear all the time, waiting for a receptive audience to share my greatest illusion with you. She's nothing but a fake, a shrug trying to make you believe that she could actually bring me a great good day back! Mary, you won't be able to trust your own sense, so you will sit. I have one piece to do with your mistakes. I set my blood on its own, and found some sharpness on Martin. And they gave up this emotion, and for a better later. What are you gonna say? Open up. Wait for me, trust your own cause. I don't care! I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! oh! AHHAHHA Wah hoo小心! Oh my God Oh my God Oh my God Oh my God ah! Ah! haha oh my god it's a run-side-out not sure if that's normal yet yeah man what's wrong with you? you don't want to see anyone cause as I've shown you to the earth they can't be fooled oh my god alright we just came off who deenies gratt escape pretty good I love to come to my house it really tricks your senses in fact the end of the ride I actually never like I'm never really sure whether or not it's back to normally or not it's a really really tricky feeling you guys don't you you won't understand unless you've been on it before it's really crazy but yeah it's raining right now I'm pretty bad all the rides are still operating there's no lightning in the area or anything like that but it is raining so I think I'm gonna head out guys I don't know I hate being here in the rain to be honest haha alright I just stopped off at a dip and dot and grabbed myself a nice snack I am not gonna use my two dinners because I just don't have time I don't feel like waiting here in the rain but yeah it's pretty much the end of the day for today's episode guys thank you so much for watching if you guys enjoyed that please leave me a like or a comment they really do help me out a lot and subscribe if you want to see more awesome vlogs from Six Flags great adventure alright peace out