 Hi everyone, Chef Jason Hill here and tonight I'm going to be preparing some orzo pasta as a side dish to my chicken cordon blue and to give it a little color contrast I do a little trick. Let me show you. I'm going to preheat my stove top to a medium high heat. I like to let it preheat for about two minutes. I'm going to put in about two tablespoons of olive oil. Then I have two cups of orzo pasta and I'm going to pour in half. Roughly half. And now we're just going to toast this up to like darkening color by about half of what we see here. You don't want to walk away from this because they will burn. Keep stirring it and you either use a wooden spoon or a high temp rubber spatula like this one. Okay, after a few minutes of stirring you can see they've taken on a darker color. Probably about two times darker than what we started with. And that's what you want at this point. I'm going to stir in the rest. Follow by two quarts of water. A couple of pinches of, oops, seas help. Oh, almost lost it. After about 12 minutes in the boiling water the orzo is done. It's time to strain. Alright, the pasta is cooked but to finish it off we're going to saute it up. And I've got my pan on medium high. That pre-heat. Get about, oh I'm running out of olive oil. Not the Caggney's more butter. Just enough to coat the add in. Got our butter in there. So I've just over table spoon of butter some drizzle of olive oil. At this point we're going to add, yep you guessed it. Garlic, shallot puree, half teaspoon. Just cook this for about a minute until the aroma starts to come off. You don't want to burn it. Hey, I can smell it. I just diced up one tomato, fresh, fine diced. Let's throw those in there. This is all I had on hand with some tomatoes right now. You could do a little artichoke hearts, olives. Now we've got our tomatoes in there that might hit with a little bit of salt. Let's see salt here. Let's cook down a little bit. Let's go ahead and add our orzo. I may keep some for backup for another night. Just enough to fill the pan here. Bring all this together. You can even stir in some shredded Parmesan cheese right about now. Oh yeah, I did go out to the garden. A regular topped up about table spoon or so. All we're doing right now is just getting the pasta back up to a warm temperature. Next I had a nice easy light side dish. Pepper to taste. Kill the heat. There we go. That color variation in there. Well, there you have it. A quick, easy orzo pasta side dish. Hope you enjoy. Thanks for tuning in. Good flavor, nice and light. I've made this in a while. I need to make it more often. For more simple and delicious recipes, click on these links. And please don't forget to like, share and subscribe.