 Hey guys, so in today's video we're going to be doing something very interesting because first of all My cooking skills from one to ten are minus five and I'm hungry, so you know when you're hungry and you don't know how to cook What do you do you go online? I decided to try out the recipe from tasty. They have some really cool recipes And I wanted to try out something simple, you know, I am not really familiar with cooking I don't do it that often so I went to their YouTube channel and I came across their super fluffy omelette Omelette may look really easy In fact, it's not that easy and Today we're going to be doing a super fluffy one. Let's do this the first step is we need Five egg whites and three egg yolk. Yol Yolks You get what I'm talking about One my hands are shaking Okay, so right in here I have three yolks and Let's go ahead and break two more eggs and take their whites What I'm gonna do with this yolk. I mean I just throw it now I wanna throw it No, I did a mistake Now we need to whisk the yellow parts of the egg That looks so creamy Okay, I gave that enough and then we need to do the same but with the whites So I don't know if you guys can see these a little black things in there I don't like these like at all. I'm removing them every time that I'm cooking eggs, but I guess today I'm just gonna leave them inside That's too much energy spent on just one omelet see I want to burn that many calories on preparing my food with hoarron. I have a better idea I'm pretty sure that that's how they whisk it in the tasty video. They just didn't show it to us Okay, that's not a good idea. Now we're mixing them up I guess I need to be careful with this part so that I want like Break the balls in the in the whites that I just created with so much hard work This is supposed to be our omelet. It doesn't look like an omelet, but we're gonna see we're gonna put it in this pan here They need low heat. What do you mean? How much is low heat and you have here from one to five? This might be a little bit too much for this pan Hoarron. I think that this was for two servings or something. I don't know. Oh my goodness I made it up and then they put some butter under the under the yeah Oh no, it's stuck. I totally messed that thing up What's that? I don't think that this is going to be what I had in my mind, but I have Some more I'm gonna try a second time with this one goes even worse But I hope it's not I mean it doesn't look that bad Oh It actually kind of stuck I think I'm doing good. I think that it's it's going good. It looks good It smells good. I don't know if it's gonna taste good. I mean so far These are just some eggs, but we're also going to add some salt some pepper Hopefully that's going to make it more delicious, but I don't know you guys. It's So unusual like it looks so so different By the way, this lid is not suitable for this pan which is a fail because I don't know that I needed a lid While cooking this omelette, but obviously I need it. So I'm working with forever I have and here we go Oh You guys it looks good. I mean it's not like theirs, but it's not that bad. It's also shaking like theirs It's on point when I first put the eggs in the pan I was like okay, this is going to be a fail everything is just going wrong, but it's not that bad Now let's try out again now that I have a little bit more experience. Just gonna clean my pan This is again a lot is this for like three servings or something? This is like way too much. Maybe my pan is small I haven't thought of that. Okay, now is the time that we need to put the butter under here See now I know what I'm doing. It's not like the first time that I had no idea We Give it five minutes now and hopefully it's going to be better than the first one This one kind of shrinked like it's A little bit smaller now. I believe the lid is Messing up the things because it's not It's not filling on the pan and it's a little bit loose. There is definitely going out So it it's not helping it actually this is the first time that I'm cooking in this pan Yeah, and I had it for a while. I think not the butter that we put under the omelet While it's cooking it's making a very nice crispy Layer and it's kind of nice, but look how it kind of smashed already This is the first time that we made and it doesn't look that good anymore. It was nice and fluff and now it's like You know It's like somebody stepped on it nobody stepped on it, but it looks like somebody did Yeah, I think that this one is ready to go see how small it is It was covering the whole pan and now it's like oh I burned myself Let's try to make it look more beautiful. Maybe if I turn it on the other side Yeah, it's still kind of ugly here. We have omelet number one omelet number two Which one is better? I think that number tool looks better, but it's only because I just took it out of the pan I mean, it's like fresh and this one he's been you know out for a while So now it's time for the taste taste. Oh my god. I forgot to put salt and pepper on the second one. Oh I can do it now. Don't tell anybody okay. They look a little bit smashed to your eyes video. So here we go It's very nice and fluffy It's so different like I'm I feel like I'm meeting form. Let's try out the first one. Maybe it was better This one has a little bit of a thicker layer because of the butter that makes it way better because if it's all like fluffy and foamy It's it's not good I Know you guys I feel like my my mouth is full of something, but it's it's most of it. It's air If I have to rate this from one to ten it will be five It's not bad, but it's also not good. I like the taste. Sure. It's it's so airy that I'm chewing But I'm not chewing you know, you know what I'm talking about. It's like I'm chewing air and it's not nice Maybe I didn't do it right. I don't know. I'm newbie, but I would definitely prefer to have the classic omelet It's so so much better than than this like idea. It's super nice. It's super cool But I don't think that I'm gonna make this again. First of all, it's too much effort Like I need to separate the whites from the yolks and then I need to mix them and then I have to be really careful How I bake it on the pan is it how I how I fry it or how I bake it I don't know you get what I'm talking about I have to be careful how to cook it on the pan because it has a little bit more specific technique Where with the classical omelet it's not that much effort you just mix up the things there You throw them on the pan and it's like all nice and ready and I know just like the air it takes sure it's It's weird I also don't like how much time it requires like this is supposed to be fast You're making omelet when you're like super hungry and you want to have something quickly And this is taking quite a much time. Let me know if you'd like me to try out more recipes from Tasty I think I have some really cool ideas and I would love to try them out Maybe I can also try out some of the more complicated ones. I don't know But um let me know if you would like to see more videos like that If you enjoyed watching this one please don't forget to give it a thumbs up and subscribe to my channel If you haven't already also don't forget to press that bell button The right next to subscribe button because that way you're going to be notified whenever I post a new video You can also go ahead and check out my instagram facebook and twitter Oh and also my main channel I do make up there you're probably coming from there But if you're not I have a main channel. I'm doing makeup So hope you guys had fun. Hope you enjoyed watching and I'll see you in my next one Bye You Oh