 10. Now the volume last time. Remainting Okra or Pickling Okra by your requests by the way. Again, I post a picture on my Instagram on Facebook pages and ask my followers if they want me to make a tutorial. If I get good quantity of yeses, then that's a tutorial. Okra. And it's so easy to make and it's so so delicious. I made a jar a week ago. And I ate it all. I don't even have one to show you or to take pictures of what we need. Okra, of course. Try to use all even size Okra. I couldn't find a good tender one. Well I usually recommend to get small ones because those are more tender and easier to bite. But when making marinade or pickling, it doesn't really matter. Usually I suggest that when making soup or something. With this, it doesn't matter. But try to use even size Okra. And wash and remove the stems. Just lightly cut the tip of the stems. I've done hair cut off. Then stop it. Ok, I'll never do it. He's gonna do it. We need salt. I'm using pickling salt but any kosher or sea salt will work as well. Soos. You're talking I don't know. Ok, I said the salt vinegar. I'm using apple cider vinegar and that magic ingredient that will keep that Okra crispy to the crunchy is fresh grape leaf. If you can't find it, then you can't find it. I planted a grape bush just to use the leaves for making torma or marinating. I don't even care for the grapes. Mostly for the leaves. So let's something you can go to Home Depot to find the bush and get one leaf if you want to. You need only one. That was very hard news. Just you. Ok. You need sterilized jars if you're going to set it aside. If you want to carry it. And what else? I like using the leaves for cilantro. Celery. I keep mixing up those two celery leaves only. And then I'm using garlic of course. With any pickles or marinate, you need to have garlic. Parsley, bay leaves. I have this red cheese which is optional because I like it spicy. You can leave this out if you like. And I will be also using jalapenos or any small green chilies. I have black pepper seeds and cilantro seeds. And we need water. Filtered water. This is not water. This is still empty. I think that's it. And I forgot to bring my spoons. I will give the spoons and I'll someone to take care of the pack and the pack. And I'm saying this last time. Ok. Ok. Sugar. Forget the sugar. Ok. What we need to do. It's so simple. You're simply placing all your ingredients into your jar. And I forgot to clean the garlic. Here it varies the lead for this jar. He was playing with it. We need to sterilize it. Ok. It's important that you sterilize the jar and the lead. And well if you're not planning on canning, you don't have to. You can simply place it in your fridge after letting it sit about 4-6 days. Ok. But I'm canning this Armenian style. Ok. So I placed my three cloves of garlic. That's what I'm using. I'm using my cilantro. I'll start this boiling my water because we're going to boil everything. And yes, I put my cilantro seeds or cilantro. That's how they call it. And then black pepper seeds. A couple of these. Some of these celery leaves. A few. And I'll put one jalapeno. My mom would say when I asked her for a recipe she'd say, make sure you have green pepper with it. So when you start cooking or boiling, you see if the pepper changes the color, it means it's ready. But you know what? When even okra changes the color, it means it's ready. When you start boiling. Ok. So I'll put this there and then my a few leaves of parsley. This is all optional but they will simply give much better taste, more flavor to your okra. And then I'm placing one leaf of grape leaf. One grape leaf. Ok. And you're going to nicely arrange your okra just like lengthwise. And you can place them very close to each other like stuff the jar properly. Ok. So I'll go ahead finish stuffing the jar and we'll go from there. How is it? No. No you need to turn down the volume. Marka, Arten Jorai Naomi. Ok. I'm done stuffing the jar and my water is boiling. How do we make the brine? To your taste as I always say. Salt in this case, it's not something you have to have this specific proportions right? I always go with my taste. Once I made it with like pickling proportions like one tablespoon to one cup of water, one tablespoon of salt to one cup of water enough. That's it. It was too salty. That's when I realized things like this needs to go with your taste. To my taste to one with this pickled okra, to one cup of water I'd add one teaspoon a little bit more than one teaspoon of salt. I got that enough. That's it. That's it. No more. That's it. You got it. Ok. A little bit more than one teaspoon of salt. You can always taste it. Mix it and taste it. If it's too salty or it's not salty enough, you can go ahead and add the salt. So I added my salt to vinegar. Again, for your taste, one teaspoon should be enough to one cup. Like this and then a little bit of sugar. I'd say half a teaspoon full of sugar. And then you'll mix it. Add to your brine. Oh, not to your brine. To your pickles. That's when you find some help to mix it with. And the water is starting to almost boil. You're going to boil your okra about 15 minutes and you're counting that 15 minutes from the start. It actually starts to boil and not from the start you placed it in that boiling water. Ok. Can you bring the jar from the lid from the jar and you can feel free to put this, to fill the water until the top. As it cooks, it's going to absorb the okra. It will absorb some of that water. You already put it in the jar. Did I put it here? Yes. Oh yeah, I forgot. Sorry. Ok. And that's very helpful too. You know once I was holding from here and trying to grab it. Ok. So, I'm going to place this in hot boiling water and boil it 15 minutes. And the lid is buttering me. I'll have to remove the lid first. Ok. I slightly close it with the lid. Don't close it all the way. Ok. And this will boil 15 minutes and move it on. That's it. I want to check. It's been cooking about 15 minutes now. I'm going to check and see if it's cooked. So I'll take this out. Ok. Let me show you. If you can see. See some of them are still slightly green. You don't want that. Ok. You want to boil until everything is pale like sage color. So I'll cook this a little bit more. Here. No. Better? No. Did you do something? Oh, now one minute. I'm almost done. OK. No, better? Yeah! No, did you do something? Oho, that one minute, I'm almost done, tobes! Okay, so this was pretty stubborn, Okra, it worked almost 28 minutes. You go by color, it looks cooked, it's ready. Hajan, yeah, I'm gonna clean you one minute, okay? He spilled his cocoa. Okay, you wanna go change your t-shirt? Ask me, okay? Okay, and I'm going to tighten the lid properly. Okay, and turn it upside down, and be sure to have something to hold it with. I use cotton towel. And turn it upside down, usually I remember my mom would cover it with a blanket, and I'm putting warm and let it cool down slowly. But I don't do that, and it works. So I'll set this at room temperature, cool down, to cool down, and set it in my pantry for a month to say. But when you open it, set it in fridge. I'm sure you already knew that. And that's it! If you're not gonna go through all this canning process, it's very simple. Just let it set at room temperature, 6 to 7 days. Taste it, if you like how myinated it tastes, set it in the fridge. That's it! Pull recipe, if you need a recipe, this is so easy, and you'll make as much as you need. All you need is the brine, water, sugar, vinegar, salt, consistency. I'll put that down in my website. You check it out, make it, enjoy it. Subscribe to my channel if you like the video. Downs up, I'm trying to remember everything I was supposed to. That's it! I'll see you soon! And I'll boil my other jar. You don't have to boil everything, while one by one. You can have bigger hot water and boil everything together. You can have bigger hot water and boil everything together.