 Food alive such a beautiful thing Don't you think if you guys are doing this content don't forget to like this content here also Come on. Come on. Be a part of the notification All right, if you guys guessed Pazole last night you guys are correct come through guys Let me show you how easy it is to make the best Pazole my twist my take on it all right Don't blame here we go guys my twist my take on Pazole So I don't all my whole lifetime I had Pazole twice and it was delicious all I was thinking every time I ate Pazole I always wanted the meat to be seared a bit. So I'm gonna do my twist my take on it All right guys you guys could that okay three tablespoons all of all here. I got one whole pork shoulder here You just one big beautiful pork shoulder here. You got half tablespoon of salt And the teaspoon of pepper So our chili sauce. Oh guys. I was looking for some chili anchov by confining chili anchov So I got these I think they are called Pazilio black Pazilio So I'm gonna do chop off the stems here. I have it rehydrating in this water here So once I cut all the stems out I'm gonna extract all that seed out of this Or you can leave the seed goes a matter to this I got half an onion I got a tablespoon of garlic here. I got half a tablespoon of ground cumin here one teaspoon of oregano Once it's nice and blended I want to add a little oil in this because I want to fry up Once I got this nice and blended I'm gonna toast this up a bit or fry this up a bit Just because I want all that natural Spices and oils just to be extracted. Once I got it nice and toasted up guys. I know some go strained this but I'm not I'm stuck over hoping into back pork to water here To this stuff. I'm gonna do two big heaping scoop of chicken bouillon or chicken stock chicken powder Nice go three Three heaping scoop to fire for water next to this our season seared Pork shoulder into the pool guys next guys. I got a question for you guys are these hominy beans? Because we're not even sure when I bought it dry it looked like hominy beans But when I rehydrated overnight it kind of looks like cornuts Isn't hominy beans I'm not even sure I apologize if I got the wrong one but I'm just gonna throw 4 cups of this we hydrate hominy beans it and To this I'm just gonna do I want to say half a tablespoon of salt It was just taste and adjust in the end all right. It's that beautiful. It's a hot lid there cover this Meets do let's do 50 minutes guys now Let's do 40 minutes lid on How are you turning oh it's on already lid on Pond this then we do 20 minutes off the lid or not off the lid no lid 40 minutes in Like my kitty like it the peanut Yeah, now I know wash and break kitty just got up like it You know it's crazy about kitty or peanut He always pee on kitty spot. So that's a weird thing Everywhere kitty please Peanut follows along All right, come on. Let's go moment of truth 40 minutes in puzzle a Wait, here's a thing guys I Actually think I bought the brown beans or the wrong corn. I'm not even sure Looks delicious though Okay, this is what I'm gonna do I'll let this cook out for about 20 more minutes guys without the lid Then we'll start serving wait, I want to taste this broth for us See if I need more seasoning all right Okay That's delicious. Oh man That's perfect. I want to say this it does not have the bright red color As the pasole I've remembered but it's tasty like it you can taste the pasole in this 20 minutes in I'm gonna set this up so Get a beautiful bit of dough Scoop yourself some Azale best pasole I have ever made It's my first pasole ever made But you gotta try this and tell me how legit this is I've touched this to this Should a cabbage It's more rashes There's a little slice onions And that's it guys Azale my twist my take on I want to say next isn't it Mexican comfort suit Quick time guys when you guys gonna come by All right here it goes guys Right my pasole was it possible what about saying the whole time I was saying it wrong Is it pasole or pasole? I don't know second guessing myself so okay, but so let I'll stick with pasole apologize if I said it wrong Just gonna mix this up Get the cabbage in there, okay, I have pasole twice At this latino latino Rochistone is delicious and I do remember the taste and it does taste exactly like it I'm drooling are you drooling? Okay, raw first quick time guys think the first step of this my twist my take on the pasole It's got it nice palm for this Oh man, that's just perfect Oh man Everything quick time let's get it nice super pop for this Besting every how many beans I think these are how many beans a ton Pop for this I'm gonna like the lime makes it gives us this nice little tang to it Mm-hmm It's just beautiful You know what I'm trying this beef next in this Nice rich Hardy on this cold day in Edmonton When it eat does that the restaurant guys The meat wasn't brown I'm not hating on it The other one is when you brown your meat your broth just becomes nice and rich I Next time guys I want to buy a bunch of chilies I want to see if I That's fair mix four five chilies in this would it be different This right here right now is absolutely amazing Mm-hmm But I'm just imagining Four five chilies in this All right This one you I want to throw a little more broth in this Because it's amazing I am Squeeze the more lime this a touch And some more onions in this because I want onion breath after I'm not sure if it's about Asian and New York What but I feel like I want some rice in this I don't know why Just throwing a little scoop of rice you know that I Just a very good rate But I want some rice I Some maybe I can't believe you didn't put fish sauce in there I Was very close to putting fish sauce in it yeah But you don't get Oh This definitely is comfort food You know what If you have a Mexican mom or Latino mom I Want you to cook this recipe for her and tell me what she thinks Take all credits guys I If she likes it take all credit if she doesn't like it still take all credit I'm not in the picture Just make it for her Mm-hmm Oh What Look at that pork. Melt away. It's... Hope you guys enjoy this one. Don't forget to subscribe if you haven't. Also, don't forget to pick a one-year food life's a beautiful thing. Check for a palm one like shelves. Peace out!