 Hi everyone. Just wanted to show you the final process that I am doing to make my own peppermint tea. I have an abundance of it. Matter of fact, I will show you out in the garden. These are the tinctures, the essential oils that I'm working on right now. You see that bush right there? That is nothing but peppermint. And then I've got potatoes over there and sage. This is my experiment, my lavender. So I have this little box all around our porch with the different things. And if you want, I can do a video and show you my garden. I've got boxes all along down there as well for raised beds. Anyways, so what we did was we cut back a good section of the peppermint and we hung them up by string until they were nice and dry. They have been laying out the sun or hanging in the sun for about three days now. And I wanted to make sure that everything was nice and dry. And so now all I'm going to do is I'm going to collect the dried leaves and I'm going to put them in this bowl here and take them downstairs and transfer them into a big jar where I have all of my tea dried tea leaves ready to go. Peppermint is fantastic, especially if you have digestive issues. I have a lot of allergies to preservatives. About six or seven months ago, my stomach always said blew up like I was nine months pregnant and it was pretty alarming. They did all these different tests and could not figure out what the deal was. And despite process of elimination, I have completely eliminated most of the medication that they have prescribed me. I literally was on 17 different prescriptions. I have never felt better since I have not been on my medication. I've also switched from my meats. I just do organic meat now. I don't know what it is, but the preservatives in meat, they really affect me. Same thing goes with ice cream. I have a video where I made my homemade ice cream and I did not have any issues at all. But the other day, I had a scoop of just regular store bought ice cream and I got really sick. There's something in the food that's just kind of jacking my digestive system up and peppermint tea. It helps me so, so much. So anyways, if you guys have mint, now's the time to start harvesting it for the winter and the fall. It will grow back. Trust me. It will. I just want to give you this quick tip on how to make your own tea. And if you have any questions, please feel free to leave a comment down below. I would love it if you would subscribe and hit that bell so you can get notified of future videos. I plan on doing more DIYs and cooking videos and just videos about my reselling business. And I really think that I've got some great information that you guys are going to want to listen to. Alright, talk to you later and have an amazing summer everyone. Bye.