 Hey everyone, before I totally get into the video I just wanted to let you guys know that our Novvm and Night Indie shirt dresses are back in stock. They sold out really quickly the first time that they were on the website so we've restocked them and there should be some still in at the moment. I'll link it down below the website so you guys can go and check them out. Also I'll link the video down below where I've started. I did a whole video styling the these shirt dresses. It's like yeah but you can also wear it as a shirt and just tuck it in but I thought I'd wear it today as well because I feel like it ties in quite well to the video that I'm doing today. I had the idea for this video in mind for a really really long time and I just wasn't kind of sure how to best articulate it. What I wanted to say first of all as well is that the idea of the video isn't to I'm not trying to get the idea into to dress expensive and flashy as such because that's personally not what I aim for when I'm trying to dress kind of to look more expensive or to look quite classy put together. That's not my intention so I mean you can use this video for that if you want but that's not my intention. It's something that I've picked up over time. I think this way of dressing can come in quite handy for getting jobs or making a really good first impression. It's very you know like style is all about making an impression on someone with how how you choose to dress yourself and I wanted to say as well I know I've said it before but I didn't come from a lot of money and when like since growing up as a teenager I really noticed how differently some people can treat you when it comes to how you dress you know like how you present yourself. I don't want this intro to get too rambly but I think it's quite it's quite a good trick to know. I don't know how to look more expensive even if you haven't necessarily spent a lot of money on your outfit but you don't have to spend a lot of money on it and they also don't like that sometimes some types of style can seem more elitist when they don't have to be elitist. Here are some of my things that I think can help you look more expensive when it's not necessarily expensive. So my first point and I think the thing that shows expensive taste and expensive style really well is a good fit, a good cut and tailoring. They can all be separate but I think they all kind of work together really well. If you're getting something like a blazer or a skirt or a coat as well things like that I think it's really important that they fit you well with cuts you don't want to get a blazer for instance that are that hang way to over your hand. You don't want to get places that are too long for you, too short for you. Also with trousers you don't want them to be too long and to bag up at the end. It's things like that that are quite noticeable. Clean lines just tend to do they do tend to look more expensive and you don't have to spend loads on them. Okay next I've got materials and textures. This is a massive one for me and this is the one where I think when I've been shopping around and things I always try to look for materials that feel and look nice. So not like it might be hard to explain but not bubbly materials, not materials that are like like stretchy when they don't need to be you know it's not a piece that should be a stretchy piece. A great example is just when I kind of stopped shopping at Primark more. A lot of people get to the point where you realise that these dresses and things that you're getting are really like stretchy the material doesn't last so when you're spending your money it's good to get materials that don't look cheap and trousers as well I think they really show. You know if you get them in a bag of material I think it shows up and obviously I tend to try and stay away from a lot of bad jersey material. Some jersey can look lovely but pieces with a lot of light crittin sometimes look a bit rougher but it really depends. You can get lovely pieces with all made from all these types of materials as well so it's just kind of training your eye to see them and to notice them. Materials that usually look really good as a finished piece are things like cotton silk wool and also suede and a nice soft real leather. A lot of leather as well kind of really good. Also if you're buying shirts and dresses and things like that and it's quite a fin jersey they can tend to be quite see-through and that I think that also isn't terribly it doesn't look terribly expensive you know unless it's a sheer material and it's supposed to look sheer. Just watch out for see-through materials as well when they shouldn't you know that piece shouldn't really be see-through. Okay next I've got logos of flashiness and this kind of does depend on the person you but I think overall the idea for looking expensive is to not like not everything about your outfit should be really flashy and um brash you know I think there's I think there's usually quite a playdown sense of style with expensive outfit that effortless feel or you put an outfit on and you're just like oh you know I just like chuck this on and walked out the door and it was just really easy going but mensur gavriel their bags are very minimal and very plain but they're like fashion inside as no of those designers. No it's not very flashy in logos but people would know where it's still where it's from. My black all-saint's bag is very like um it's very simple am I really love wearing it a lot of the time because and I think it just looks quite minimal but it also looks quite um effortless but okay next I've got accessories and less is more. I'm like in a recent video I said I've been getting into my gold nicks and watch and sometimes it's quite nice with your accessories if you're going for that kind of classy look to um just say something with that one accessory or that style of accessory um I I love also those um thin like band rings uh a good pair of sunglasses can be quite good to invest in. For example my Celine sunglasses I've got so much wear out of them I didn't realise that I would and I feel like they give such a nice finishing touch to so many outfits. Colors is my next one. If we're going for it in general view I think a lot of um a lot of outfits look more expensive and more put together when they're not very flashy out their colors and when they're not when it's not outfits that are more colour blocking outfits. Almost more perisian timeless look um it's usually with neutral colors you white, black, grey, the camoctones, the beige tones um carkey navy a good colour to aim for but I think these days as well I think with with all the trends that are going around having a purple colour with those tones as well I think still works like pops of colour are really nice as well okay next I've put timeless pieces but I think I've kind of already covered that um but I basically wanted to say that wherever your money is going if you want to if you want to start looking more this way inclined um just uh try to look more at investing in more in the timeless pieces I've got this um white coat that I love and I feel like it's quite it's almost quite military style um and but I think it's quite timeless you know it's something that I'm really glad I spent my money on because it will always look classic and um classy I feel like I keep saying the same words but it's really hard to find like a different words for every point I also like a good ballet pop I think they always always look quite classy and simple um I'm really nicely designed well cut leather jacket um made from good material would last you so long and I think even though that's not the classic expensive looking piece it can go with things like tailor trousers and a white tee lastly I put details but things like your nails um your hair you know how how your hair is looking also things like creases in your clothes even though I'm really bad at that I'm so bad at creases but nicely pressed pieces so feel close not to be dirty and have scuffs and that sounds really obvious but it's all in the details as well I think that's it so I hope you guys have liked this video do let me know if it's been helpful and if it's a good idea I hope it doesn't come across in the wrong way I kind of wanted to put it out in a way to help people who aren't sure maybe how to get that polished look without you know having hundreds of hundreds of pounds because you can do it also I want to say a few shops that um could be good to go into if you haven't been into them before for having that more polished look and that like nice cuts to them but I think a shop's like cause and all the stories um I've been sitting here trying to think of small stores like that and it's actually really hard if you guys have any more suggestions do leave them down below but I know this is going to sound so so much like a sale but that is that is and genuinely what we were going for with our brand snowfamer night because we knew there wasn't many places like online or on the high street that were a bridge in between these cheaper stores and the really like you know the designer stores that have that use nice materials and nice cuts and things like that and and um I didn't plan this but yeah if you I mean check out November night I'll link it down below again we're really passionate about using good materials and things that aren't going to ruin in the wash and things like that things that will last you a long time um so yeah we also always want to make quite timeless pieces as well so that is what we were going for as a brand and if you guys have any more pointers as well do leave them down below because it will kind of all help each other thank you very so much for watching um let me know what you'd like to see on my channel as always you can follow me on instagram snapchat and twitter or link them all down below um and I'll see you guys in my next one bye