 Chinese hot pot boasts a history of more than 1,000 years. It is a traditional Chinese meal featuring a large part of boiling soup in which meat, seafood, vegetables and noodles are cooked. Good afternoon everyone. Today I'm going to share Chinese hot pot with you. Chinese hot pot is very simple to replicate in any household. A single burn-eat stove is readily found in most Chinese markets. A large flame-proof ceramic bowl or even a stainless steel pot can be used as a hot pot vessel. The pot should be large enough to allow each guest space to cook a few pieces of food at any time. Now we are going to prepare the soup. First add some water. If you have some chicken soup or beef broth that will be better. Turn on the stove. Chinese supermarkets are now selling all kinds of seasoning packets for flavoring hot pot soup like this. This one is regular soup and this one is spicy. After the soup or water is slightly boiled, we can put this in. This one is a spicy one. I like the spicy very much. If you like, you can put some ginger or green onion on each part. We have two separate parts. This one is for the spicy one and you can put the regular one on the other side. Meat place is an important role of Chinese hot pot. Fish ball, fish tofu, lamb, beef, shrimp. If you like, you can put some pork, chicken or squid. That's a good idea. A Chinese dinner table must have vegetables. Not only delicious but also healthy. Now we have soy, spinach, or mushroom. If you like, you can put some vegetables like tomato, whatever you have. Now I'm going to introduce the very important step, dipping sauce. How good the hot pot is depends on this step. Each people should have the small bowl to prepare their own dipping sauce. Put some soy sauce, sesame paste, chili sauce, add some green onion, cilantro, also salt, pepper, and the chicken powder. And mix them. Okay, here's my dipping sauce. You can choose different items as you like, make your own dipping sauce. Alright, now everything is ready. Let's take in! Yummy! Yeah! Thank you for watching.