 Hello everyone, welcome back to another great episode of Johannes Cuisins. Today we're going to be making some vegetable kebabs. So here I have, I have one onion that I've cut up in 1 inch pieces, I've cut some fresh pineapple up in one inch pieces. I've done same thing for red bell peppers, yellow bell peppers, green bell peppers, and I've taken some button mushrooms and then I also have some corn on the cob that I have cut up pretty thin so that it could have an even cooking to it. Now you could add any more vegetables that you like, but these are the vegetables that I have picked. To this we're quickly going to do a quick marinade. Now since you know I'm going to put these on the grill and we're going to be doing them like grilling them and they're going to be in the skewers, I have skewers that I have actually taken and put them in water and they've been soaking for about half an hour. And you want to soak these wooden skewers in your in some water for about half an hour so they don't burn on the grill. So a half a bowl, a half a cup of olive oil to that I'm going to add about half a teaspoon of ginger and garlic fresh to that I'm also going to add about half a or let's do one teaspoon of the green chutney. If you don't have green chutney you can just do lemon and jalapenos if you like green jalapenos. And then I also am going to take some sambal and I'm going to add some sambal in here. And then we're going to take some, I've got this creole seasoning, you can even use lorry's seasoning and I just absolutely love this seasoning salt and I'm going to use about half a teaspoon of that in there and this is going to be really wow. I got some in my throat. So we're just going to mix this just like so and then what we're going to do is we're just going to pour this mixture right above our vegetables. Okay, I'm going to give this a good toss and make sure that all my vegetables are nicely coated with this great marinade. Okay, and then we're also going to do some salt. Not very much just a little bit just like so. Okay, see how all that marinade is just, now and then I'm going to cover this and I'm going to let this marinate for about half an hour in the refrigerator. Then I'm going to come back and I'm going to start making the skewers and we'll go out and we're going to start grilling these. So I've got my vegetables and they've been marinating for a while, got a head start on them. Just thought I'll show you how I did it. Just the corn can be a little tricky and that's why it's a good idea to make them quite thin. This is why I said I got all these in but we'll see. Oh, here we go, got them in. Okay, so then you just want to pick and choose how you want to put your vegetables. I mean, there's no real set order that you have to do them. But the pineapple is just going to add a really good surprise to this. So however way you want to do it. So we did a corn, we did a green bell pepper, we did onion, we did yellow bell pepper. Let's do, there we go, pineapple. And then we'll do another mushroom and you can fit another just to make it colorful of one more red pepper on there. Okay, so here we go. We have them all done right here. I'm going to, we're going to go back and we're going to start putting this on the grill. So we're out here and we're grilling my grill arc bobs and we're grilling them. We've got three burners going here. I've got two burners on high and then I've got two on low. So first we're going to put this on high and then I'm going to move it over to the low and let it kind of cook on its own. Well, don't take the skewers with your hands on place them because the grill is extremely hot. So just make sure that you are careful and you don't burn yourself and just make sure you get the long tongs to work on the grill with. And the back of our grill has more heat coming out so that's why I'm trying to stay more in the back here. And these should take between seven to ten minutes and then every now and then I'm going to be just turning on to make sure that we get even cooking for our corn and all the other vegetables. So I just want to show you how beautiful, look at our corn and all the veggies are really nicely cooked right there. It's beautiful. Oh, smells wonderful too. So there we go. We've got our veggie kebabs ready to go and this is going to accompany our steaks and stuff. Okay, you guys enjoyed this episode with me and I hope you can join me here next time with some other cooling stuff that I'm going to be doing this summer. So I'll see you then.