 Hi, it's Nell and today I'm going to tell you about my favorite fern, the Myr's Asparagus Fern. It is really a very easy and a very tough fern. It was just an anagallon pop. It's been planted for probably four or five years now so it has spread quite a bit but it was a little bit slow to grow. The soil isn't as good in my backyard as it is in the front yard but it's been fine. It's tough as can be as I said. I live in Santa Barbara, California and they grow along state street in some sidewalk plantings where people sit on them. They walk over them. It's a really heavily trafficked area and they're doing okay. They're a little worse for wear but they're really doing okay. And here on the coast of California it can take full sun. Those in state street that I were talking about they get like a lot. I wouldn't say a lot more but they get more sun than here because this is right at the base of a fence. So it gets probably about three hours of morning sun but then it's very very very bright. Inland you will have to give it part shade preferably probably morning sun and shade from any afternoon sun because it will burn if it's in hot sun. They're this beautiful green. It's an emerald green and the size that they get is about two feet tall by about four feet wide and they grow and they spread by these underground very fleshy tubers. They're a white swollen bulb. There's a kind of a root and the way that I know that is I had to transplant one out of a pot one. And speaking of pots they do great in containers. The one that I was just talking about was growing in a low urn bowl and I noticed that the color that that was planted in there the seasonal color that was planted wasn't doing as well over time and I took the fur and out of the container and it was really hard to get it out because it had just completely taken over the container with those tubers and those fleshy roots and it had it was preventing the water from really staying in for the color. It's able to store some water in the tubers but it was just hogging all the real estate in that pot. They are excellent container plants as I said but if you have them in a container just be sure to check it if it's a if it's just going to be an annual thing it's okay but if it's going on for I think this one was in the pot for about three years and it had taken over so watch that. And they have average water needs they're not drought tolerant nor they really need a ton of water like some ferns to mine is on drip and it gets it gets dripped about every eight days in the hotter weather when it's a little bit cooler or the sun is a little bit lower I water it about every 10 to 14 and it does flower it gets it gets white flowers on it some are robbed right there they're they're really tiny and they go up and down and then those flowers turn into berries and the berries there are few green berries here and then in the winter time they turn red so it's really an interesting plant for us because I grew up in New England when there were a lot of berries and seasonal changes in the fall and then the winter but here in Santa Barbara California we don't have a lot so it's nice it's nice to get our berries where we can and in all my years of dealing with these up in the Bay Area too and here I've never seen them with any any any pests as I said they are one tough plant but I just love their interesting form but oh and doing this I see that I have a few dead dead there's some dead inside here so I'm just going to need to prune that out but they grow so thick but that's because they grow so thick some of the older foliage will crowd out that younger new growth in there and it turns on it turns brown so that's about all you have to do and I've also cut these and I've used them in flower arrangements and they're really beautiful in flower arrangements they add a lot of interest to a vase arrangement but I use it in flower arrangements because it lasts about three to four weeks they last and they're just beautiful I think I love their sculptural spiky artistic form so I hope that you can find this fern and grow it if only for a season I think it is totally worth it I hope you have enjoyed this video and found it helpful about this low and maintenance but high on interest fern and please subscribe because I have a lot more videos on gardening coming your way thank you for all your likes and your comments I really appreciate them and speaking of gardening and gardens let's get out in the garden and make the world a more beautiful place check the post out that goes along with this video and I will see you in in the next one bye for now