 Hello, Namaste, Salam Vallekum, Sastriya Khan. Welcome back to another session with your watchoffer at Vareva.com. Today we are going to play around with one forgotten kind of grain. You know, barley is one of the favorites of India, but today very hardly, very few people use barley in their cooking. Here I have got barley, I have just soaked it in water for an hour and cooked it for four or five minutes and you have this barley perfectly. Ready? And great thing is, lot of kids don't know what barley is. So when you make them, tell them this is a kind of a special pasta from Italy. Okay, when you lie so that kids can eat, enjoy it more, they go ahead and do it. With this I am going to make a chitra and again using corn. To make this, I am going to add some oil in a pan, in this. Again, tempering, I keep repeating this because I want newbies to understand that when you put the mustard seeds into the oil, eat better, crackle and say, tub, tub, tub, tub, tub, all this tub tub will make your food flavor even better. When the mustard seeds splutter, add red chillies. You know, the red chillies floating in this hot oil will release one of the nicest aroma that you can get in a good tempering. So don't be afraid to throw that around and then cumin seeds, split braggram and I love nuts, you know how nuts I go with this nuts. So add some cashew nut also. You know the cashew nut also you don't want to cook it too much you just want it to color a little bit and by the time split braggram is also ready. In this my favorite curry leaves, in this add finely chopped green chilli and of course the corn, what I have kept it. So again in this also I'm not going to add turmeric because I want to show the color of the beautifully corn, my yellow color in this add some salt. Many times I keep telling whenever you make this chitra num you have to enjoy it with another combination. You know how I love my lemon rice I like it with my spotter to fry and curd on the side. That's my you know favorite combination you have to try that sometime. Let this corn cook for a minute and in this I'm going to add some chopped coriander and in this I'm going to add the barley. This barley has been boiled just for how many minutes? Four minutes and this is all ready. Toss this barley along with the corn. Now you will find the reason why I did not add the turmeric. You will see the corn glowing along with this barley. When it's kids time, you have to tell them this is the very secret pasta that you bought for them. Let it saute for a minute. If you want you can put the lid on and let it cook like that for two minutes just to you know get the nice flavors infused and then we're going to serve it squeezing in little lemon juice. In just three minutes wow it's a nice hot steaming I'm going to switch off the flame and squeeze in little bit of lemon juice. Dear friends this is only one variation I'm showing. Now you can play around. You can have nice tomato sauce mixed with this and it'll become nice kids favorite. As simple as this but as I said a great combination. Now the barley chitra name is already in fact you can make even lemon rice kind of preparation with this barley. You can make tamarind rice kind of preparation with this barley and one of these days I'm going to make mutton biryani with this barley but combination for this awesome barley chitra name is. Flak seeds and chanada I'm going to put in a blender I'm going to make little vadas as a great combination with them. We all love vadas but adding little bit of flax seeds into this will make it even more better. You can read all about flax seeds on the web so let me go ahead and show you how to make this. Now take the flax seeds put in a blender add some mint you know we got a lot of chanada but I want the flax seeds to grind well. So first I'll run burper burper like for like 30 seconds and then we're going to add the chanada and make this into a nice vada mixture. I've got this flax seeds and the chanada mixture all done in this we're going to add some chopped onion and of course salt and then we're going to mix this well and then we're going to make vada. If you want to add some chopped coriander and curry leaf go ahead but in this I added a little mint to give a very nice flavor. With the help of little water we're going to make them into vadas. You all know how to make this masala vadas but here nicely enriched with flax seeds. Never mind just you know I prefer it a little bit coarse but this is little finer than what I want it but that's okay. We'll have this fantastic vadas ready in no time and we could fry them till they are nice and crispy. We have our flax seed and the chanada vadas all ready. Now our masala vadas is all ready let's go ahead and serve it with this awesome barali chitra nom. Awesome well cooked with all the nuts I love. Corn leaf sometimes you would love to eat red chillies also. We're going to serve it with our flax seed and chanada vada. Difference nice combination. If you want to serve this with kits you can also give a little bit of tomato sauce or something like that even ketchup on side and they will thoroughly thoroughly enjoy this. Wow the chili is so tasty. Look at this even the corn look like pearls among white pearls. Wow you know this has taken regular chanada vada and notchup and also adding flax seeds make it even more better. Wow dear friends my only mission in life is I want everybody to enjoy fresh homely cooked food and everybody says Varivayat their home keep posting your awesome recipes at varivat.com and we will keep doing awesome shows for you.