 Hi, this is Amanda. Welcome to my channel. Today we're going to make Focaccia. This is one of my favorite bread because of the amazing taste of olive oil and fresh rosemary. If you have been trying making bread at home before, this is the great recipe to start with. We're going to make this bread by hand with very simple ingredients. And the result? I think you're going to love it. Now let's get started! We'll need some lukewarm water, yeast, olive oil, bread flour, sea salt and breadcrumbs. We're going to start by activating our yeast. Add the yeast into warm water. Let it sit for 5 to 10 minutes until bubble forms on top of the mixture. Add olive oil and give everything a good mix. Now we're going to make the dough. In a large bowl, I'm going to add some sea salt. Use a spatula to give all the dry ingredients a good mix. Then I'm going to make a well in the center. Pour in the yeast mixture right in the middle. Use a fork to start combining the flour with the yeast mixture. Mix for about 1 minutes. Then we're going to remove the fork and start forming the dough by our hands. When you start to see the dough coming together, then we're going to transfer it onto a working surface. Knead the dough for about 5 minutes. You'll need some patience, but this is very relaxing. When you're kneading the dough, you can add a little bit of flour if necessary, but try to avoid adding too much flour. After 5 minutes, your table should be very clean because the dough is picking up everything and you should get a very smooth dough. Form the dough into a big round shape. Place the dough into a bowl with olive oil and make sure the dough is covered with olive oil. Put a plastic wrap on top where you're going to let the dough rise in a warm place for 1 hour. After 1 hour, your dough should be double or even triple in size. Then we're going to remove it from the bowl. In a deep baking dish, I sprinkled some breadcrumbs and sea salt. Now stretch and transfer the dough into the baking dish. Here comes the fun part. We're going to make some holes on the dough with our index finger. Let the dough rest for another 30 minutes. For the toppings, I'm using tomatoes, olives, and rosemary. Press the ingredients into the holes. It is better not to overload the bread with too many ingredients. Grab the stem of the rosemary and remove the leaves. Sprinkle some sea salt on top and drizzle a good amount of olive oil. Remember you'll need a lot of olive oil to feed the spread. Now we're going to bake this at 200 degrees Celsius for 20 to 25 minutes. Bring the bread out of the oven and we're going to once again drizzle olive oil on top. The bread smells amazing! And the best way to enjoy the bread is to eat it while it's warm. It tastes incredible because of the olive oil, the sea salt, and rosemary. Look how soft it is! I hope you like this recipe. It's really incredible so you have to try it. And if you like this video, please don't forget to give it a big thumbs up and subscribe to my channel. Until then, see you next time!