 Hi guys it's Jacob here and time and we're gonna play with our sister Jordan from the channel just Jordan 33 yeah yeah and we're gonna do the bubblegum challenge so the goal is to blow the biggest bubble in one minute so there are going to be three rounds and it's the first round you're just gonna have one piece of bubblegum and you'll progress the amount of bubblegum pieces that you have until you have three in your mouth our jaws are gonna be so sore after this challenge that is not that was like that big that was a good one mine got two nose I don't know probably that biggest one I think Jake when I are tied with our biggest bubbles I haven't seen ties yet they're gonna keep big me and jikertide yeah me one too I got it I got it I was a big bubble I was bigger than you are a bigger or crazy we're gonna blow bubble on count three one two three I lost one it was like the only one that blew bubble so he was bigger on three you have to blow a bubble otherwise it doesn't look like you can't down then right hmm hmm I was I won I won take one no take a one that round good job take a Congrats yeah yeah yeah you would not want this time now I'm gonna try bubblegum round two That definitely worth one. Bigger. Well Jacob won this round again. Second time in a row he won this second round. Let's move on to the third round. I'm gonna have to do big. Oh my, this is gonna be really hard to chew. Oh no. I got my third big piece. Oh my. I don't think I'm gonna win this one. I have three of these. That was huge. Don't touch it. That was enormous. I win a gun and an eye. I think I'm gonna win this one. I got this in the bag. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Oh. Yummy bubble gum. Oh my god. No. That was a big one. One, two, one. Two, one. Jordan. No, no, no, no, no. I'm going to have to run. Jake, I was the champion of the first two rounds. I won the third round. Sorry, Ty. You didn't win any of the rounds, but you did give big bubbles. I hope that you liked this video. Make sure that you like, subscribe and share. Bye! Bye guys! Bye!