 Okay, so all we're gonna do is we're gonna try to build a deck on these beams. They're old uh guardrail posts. Yeah, guardrail. 8 by 8, 5 foot long. And we're actually building a 12 foot by 12 foot deck and cover. And so we're basically gonna go through, we're gonna level them and try to put the decking on today. We're only gonna do it in about three, four hours tops. Yep. And see what we can do about making this look somewhat pretty by the time we're done. Pretty! Okay. So you've got the hot tub for nothing and we're gonna try to make it work. Build a deck, snow cover, and make it all ready for wintertime. And the only, the only store bot stuff we're using is the 2 by 6's, 12 footers, 8 footers, 12 footers, and some 2 by 4's. Everything else I salvaged out of other buildings that I've taken down, the trusses. We ended up finding a place where we were cleaning up the deck. We ended up finding a ton of those one by four's that are rough cuts, but they're perfect for putting on 10. Yep. We ended up with beams. We bought some of the four by four beams, but we have a bunch of them that I had around built for fencing. So we're gonna cut those and make sure that they're all the same length. And then we're gonna have our uprights and our... Yeah, the uprights we had on hand. So anyway, that's... So at the end of the day, the project is gonna run what about 170 bucks? About that. Well, about 200. Yeah, about 200 for lumber. About 200 for lumber and little odd and empty pieces. We actually are gonna fabricate some braces and we'll show you about those later. Okay, so yeah, that's the whole point. We're gonna try to make a deck with a snow roof or a hot tub for under 200 bucks. Basically, okay? Alright. Add a salvage material. Yeah, we're gonna have to take that one out for you. Do you want my daddy? Oh, yeah. Okay, we're gonna have to walk for a couple of minutes. So, that's about it. I gotta do that walk. This is all good. You can have that all yourself or you're in for just a few minutes. It's just an hour of getting me out. Yeah, hang where we've got you going. I'm gonna walk. Oh, okay. Drop. Drop on it. Yeah! We're gonna have to come again if you want to walk. Oh, no. Slide from up. Yeah, it's got a laser. Oh. My shit comes with lasers. I'm gonna have to go back and do that. I'm gonna have to go back and do that. I'm gonna have to go back and do that. I'm gonna have to go back and do that. I'm gonna have to go back and do that. I'm gonna have to go back and do that. I'm gonna have to go back and do that. Back from what I've been doing in this last video. Way back. I mean. I have to fold things and open the door, and shake them up. Do that, I miss you. I went right back and fight. I was just curious how long this was. If I've got enough space, which doesn't look like I have quite enough length to do it. But yeah, do this one here. Because yeah, it ends up being what? Do I want overhand? I don't want that much of an overhand. So, because that's what I've been thinking. I've got to cut all that down. Just put all that down and then just match this one up to it.