 We are about to make some fried leek. Right here and fry carrots, julienne. The oil here is going to be at 300°F. I'm going to stir my julienne in the oil with that wooden spoon here. I don't use something metallic because the heat will transfer through the spoon if it was in metal. I will burn my little dedicate hand. I use something in wood. I'm at 300°F and for the green I treat it right now. It went down a little bit, it was 300°F. I'm going to have my spider ready to remove them when they're done. First I'm going to stir them well. I'm going to start with my julienne carrot. I want to keep that oil at that temperature. You want to be careful not to have too much oil in your frying pan or in the air. Go all over on your stove. So I stir them so they cook nice and evenly. I don't want some of my julienne to be browner than the other. I want them all at a consistent color. This is why I stir them like that. How do you know it's ready? I will take a little bit of that julienne, put it on my paper towel here and dry it a little bit and see if it becomes firm. And if it does, that means it's good. I got it. Don't worry, it didn't burn much. I have some salt here, ready to season them as soon as they come up. I'm taking a little bit here, put it here to fill it. Stir it very soft. It needs to go more. Now if you do that at a higher temperature, if the oil was at 350 degrees for example, when you will just burn them, you need to be patient. They will brown very quick, but they will be soft because they will be full of moisture still. This is what's happening here. When you see all those yellow bubbles, this is the moisture from the cow out coming out of it. It's drying and this is why you get something dry at the end. And crispy is because the moisture has disappeared from it mostly. Now if they are crisp enough, they will be chewy and the chewy gian is really not good. You want something nice and crunchy. That's becoming better here. I can fill it. See this is good now. I'm going to remove that. Try to release as much as possible of the oil in the oil. Don't bring it to your absorbent paper here if you can. Then when they are here, I'm going to mix them around a little bit because we want them to cool fast. They can't cool. Take the time to cool down. They need to cool down fast. And when I like to do, I'm going to make it a bundle with them, a little more. So I take them and I shape those balls like that right away.