 Alright, so today we are going to be making a V-belt pulley out of this chunk of aluminum. So first thing we need to do is we need to turn it down into a more cylinder shape and get rid of all these round edges. Ah, it's hot. In case you're wondering, yes I am wearing gloves while I am turning. I know the dangers and I don't care. And this part is incredibly hot. That doesn't look right. There we go. No, not yet. Don't dry yet. That's not where I need it. I'm not having any heat. If that's super glowy work, what the heck? I'm kind of running low. I'm not having any heat. I'm not having any heat. Alright, so last night I tried turning this and you know making a groove for the V-belt in here because it's a pulley. So it didn't really work that well. First time I did it, the superglue dried way too fast. I couldn't get it on there. Second time I didn't have enough superglue to really get a good bond on there. Not sure if it's the compound slide that I put on here or these cheap cutters that I'm using but it created an incredible pattern on here because it was chattering so bad. But it left this really cool pattern on here on this whole thing. I don't know if it was a bad cutters lack of superglue or just the compound slide that created it but this is not working at all. I'm out of superglue so instead of trying to figure out how different kind of glue what I'm going to do because I eventually need to drill and tap holes right here and here for set screws. I'm going to do that now so therefore I can use the set screws to clamp this pulley onto the arbor instead of using superglue because I think that'd be a lot easier. So yeah let's get this thing off and figure it out. So I don't have any blow torches to heat this up so I don't think I used that much superglue. So let's just get old hammer and a piece of wood to see if this works. Yeah, superglue didn't really hold that well. Look at the crazy pattern it made. That's kind of cool but that's some pretty bad, pretty bad chatter marks right there. Alright so let's drill and tap two holes for some set screws for this. Alright so I drilled and tapped it for quarter twenty so just for ease of myself because I don't have any other set screws and quarter twenty screws where all I had for now. So these will work just kind of stick out a little bit but as long as I'm careful I won't do anything. So get the tail stock, butt it up against there. Now I tightened the cross the compound slide a little bit more hopefully to reduce the chatter. Also the cutters I'm using weren't the best because you know these are a little big to get in there for that small grooves. So therefore I took another one that rounded this corner off right here so hopefully I can be able to get in there and get at the smaller diameter on the inside. So let's see how well this works. So let's see how well this works. So let's see how well this works. So let's see how well this works. So let's see how well this works. So let's see how well this works. So let's see how well this works. So let's see how well this works. So let's see how well this works. Alright that looks pretty good. The belt seems to fit in there perfectly. It's not too low. I think that works. Holy crap. And I didn't even the angle of the compound slide. I didn't really even measure it. I just kind of eyeballed it with a smaller pulley and it actually turned out beautiful. It's perfect. It's not. So yeah all I really need to do now is take a file, clean it up and take some of the edges off and also clean up this hideous chatter. So let's see how well this works. So let's see how well this works. So let's see how well this works. Ouch. That hurt. That's why you're always careful with files, especially when stuff's sticking out. That's not that bad. Yeah that's fine. I want to clean it up just a tiny bit more. Yeah that's why you always want to be careful with files, especially when they don't have a knob on them. You always want to be careful when using files on a lathe. That's when it actually has a handle so that's smart. That's it. That's it, it's done. It looks nice and shiny. It looks like it works. Now let's put it on and see if it actually does what I made it for. Alright so it's really not the best lighting over here but it's a little sloppy but it really doesn't matter because I have these set screws, tighten these and should work. Yeah it works. Now all I need to do is find a belt that's actually the right size for this. Thanks for watching.