 Okay, good morning. I'm gonna show you. You'll see what this is. These are ox tails and gravy. Yes, ox tails and gravy. And I'm gonna show you exactly how I made these ox tails and gravy. Okay, y'all stay tuned. I'll be right back. Hello everyone. How are y'all doing today on this FINE BLESS DAY? Today we're going to make some ox tails and gravy. Ox tails and gravy. Okay, I'm gonna show y'all my ingredients. Here are my ingredients. In this bowl, I have some, have my ox tails that has been, I put in water and put a little salt in it and just let it set in a refrigerator. I also have some flour. I have an onion. I have salt. And I have some oil back there. I prefer canola oil and I have some granulated onion, black pepper, garlic, powder, some beef broth. I think that's all I need y'all. If there is anything else, I will let you know. Okay, all right y'all. Let's get the cooking, our ox tails and gravy. Okay, in this bowl, I'm getting ready to season my meat. I'm gonna put some salt. We don't want to oversalt and some onion powder. Just season it like you would normally season your chicken or whatever. You're meat, you know. And there are my black pepper. Here's my garlic. Here's my garlic powder. Okay, and we're gonna just mix this around to make sure everything is well seasoned. Y'all, I'm not making a whole lot. I just want to show y'all how to make it. Because somebody had had mentioned it before. It'd been so long y'all. I can't remember who it was. Okay. Okay, I think it's well mixed. Okay, as y'all can see, in this skillet, I have some all. I may get maybe a half an inch of all in this skillet. And here I'm getting ready to remove this. Okay, I'm getting ready to brown my meat. Okay, what I'm getting ready to do now. I'm getting ready to flower my meat. This is optional, you ball. You don't have to do it. But then I'm just showing you the way that I do mine. Okay. So you got to put one more in here. So how have y'all been doing? What y'all been up to since it's gotten so hot? I know it's hot in the night area. So what have y'all been up to? Okay, y'all, I'm going to let these fry until they get brown on the bottom and I'm going to be right back. Okay, y'all, I'm getting ready to turn these over. Y'all see they have brown? You do not have to put the flower on there if you don't want to. This is the way I'm just showing y'all the way up to command. You know a lot of people do theirs different. I'm going to finish browning these and I'm going to brown the other ones. I'm going to be right back. Okay, y'all, I have y'all can see I have browned. Let me show you. I have browned my ox tails and I'm getting ready to put them in this in my crock pot. Y'all, I'm going to, I got to tell y'all about this crock pot. This is one of my love gift from Mrs. Linda Smith and this is something she wanted to do. She wants to help support my channel. So that's why she's doing it. She wants to support my channel. And so I thank you Miss Linda for this wonderful crock pot. You have blessed me with. Y'all, let me get back to cook it. But anyway, I wanted to shout out Miss Linda. Okay, and Miss Linda also sent me some other gifts I'll join y'all later. Okay, I'm getting ready to put these. I'm trying to make sure y'all can see the ox tails. Now I'm getting ready to put my onions and my onions. I have sliced them in a crock pot. Y'all almost thought I'd cook in more in the crock pot since it has got so hot. But I just wanted to show y'all some dishes that can be cooked in the crock pot. Okay, and this bowl, I'm adding one half cup of flour. Okay, I'm adding some beef broth. I'm adding a little bit at a time. Because we don't want our gravy to be clumpy. I keep adding some more. I'm gonna get y'all a little closer so y'all can see. Let me add a little bit more. I'm gonna start to put this whole whole box in there. Okay, I'm gonna get ready to pour all of this. And make sure I see a little flour at the bottom. Make sure we get all of that. Okay, we're gonna pour all of this over our ox tails. Okay, crock pot on high. Okay, well y'all I'm getting ready to put my top on here. My top on and I'm gonna let this simmer. I'm gonna look in here this after about four hours. Oh, I don't want my camera to... Y'all see how thick they have gotten? Oh, that's lovely. Okay. Okay, just stirring it up. I want y'all to make sure y'all stir it or y'all see that gravy? Look at the gravy. Y'all after these get pretty well ready, we're gonna add more seasoning. Okay, we'll put the top back on it. Now what I'm gonna do, I got some of this lip-lipped recipe secret because this is almost completely ready, y'all. But I'm gonna add probably half of this packet in here. I'm gonna show y'all how to do it. Hold on. Okay, y'all, I'm about to add like I said, like a half of this packet. A blip of onions. Onion soup mix. And this, I can see it in there. As y'all can see, this is probably about a cup of water to add this to this. Make sure we get it on. Okay, add this to it. A little more flavoring. And this is ready, y'all. Let me show y'all. I'm gonna show y'all the end results. And I'm gonna be right back. Okay, y'all, I'm back. I'm gonna ready to plate up my food. I'll see, I got some rice. It's, I made some instant rice, y'all. I didn't make it from scratch. Okay, I'm gonna put some of this right. I'm gonna add a bowl. Okay, here's my octail. One quick stir, y'all. Okay, one quick stir. Let me, let me, y'all, I told y'all they're, they're ready. They are ready. You know what I'm saying? They are ready. Let me see, here's another big one. Uh oh, you'll be. Okay, a little gravy on here. A little gravy on. Y'all always have to have a piece of one for a thumbnail. Okay. Okay, y'all. It's, it's a wheel's weight knowing. Okay, I'm getting ready to go. And, y'all see, it made quite a bit of octail and gravy. Okay, and so y'all, I want y'all to have a nice night. As y'all see, got quite a bit of octail and gravy. Okay. Okay. Okay, they are tender. Okay, y'all, well, I'm getting ready to close now. I hope y'all have a bliss day. And I'm going to say bye bye for now. Okay, y'all, I got my husband here. He's going to try out the octails and gravy as y'all can see. This is a bowl. This is his plate and he's getting ready to try it out. How is it? Oh, that is delicious. Hmm, do it have enough salt in it? For me it do. Y'all, he don't, he don't care for a lot of salt. But, uh, I decided to let him try it out. Oh, yeah, that's good. Okay, y'all. Okay, y'all, well, I'm getting ready to close this video out as y'all can see. That is very good. Okay, y'all. It's gravy, perass. Yeah, I'm just actually so sorry about that. I actually got my mind be flapping red. Okay, y'all, well, I'm getting ready to close because my camera is about to go dead. And I'm going to say, what do I usually say? Bye bye, but now subscribe. Sure. Like, it is good. Oh, yeah. Okay, bye bye. What now?