 Hi and welcome to Diving Head First. This week I'm going to show you how to make tinted mason jars They're really cute and a nice way to add a little pop of color. So let's get started This was you will need for this video are mason jars or any kind of glass jars Mod Podge food coloring Some kind of cup or bowl to mix your food coloring mod Podge in Tin foil or you could also use wax paper and I use paint brushes to mix but anything to mix your Mod Podge in your food color additional supplies Coquessie to get started to get your bowls and your mod Podge put a little bit of mod Podge in each of your bowls Suggested enough so that you will be able to coat the inside of your jar Make sure you have enough mod Podge. Luckily I have another Once you've poured out all your mod Podge then you could add your food coloring Don't be shy with them out of food coloring you add the more food coloring you add the brighter the color will be I decided on a blue a purple and a teal For the purple mix blue and red in and you will get a nice color depending on the ratio of red to Blue is how the different types of purple you'll get. I know it looks gray here, but it is purple I should have actually used more food coloring my purple came out very light And then for the teal I added blue with a little bit of green So I added some green to the top of the jar I added some green to the top of the jar I added some green to the top of the jar I added some green to the top of the jar I added some green to the top of the jar I added some green to the top of the jar I added some green to the top of the jar I added some green to the top of the jar I added some green to the top of the jar I added some green to the top of the jar I added some green to the top of the jar I added some green to the top of the jar I added some green to the top of the jar I added some green to the top of the jar Coming up Coming up Coming up You might need to add a little bit extra like I did. Cover your cookie sheet with tin foil or at this point you could just use a paper towel. You're just going to use this to type the excess mod podge drip out. Once you've coated the inside of your jar, place it on your cookie sheet and let it sit so that the excess drips out. Let your jar sit for about an hour until you let any excess mod podge drip out. Now we'll take your jars off the tin foil and switch it out for a clean tin foil before you put it in the oven. You want to set your oven to 200 degrees Fahrenheit and then place your jars in for the first 10 minutes upside down. Take your jars out and turn them right side up and leave them in the oven for another 20 minutes. And there's your finished product. I hope you liked this video and if you did please hit the like button or leave me a comment below. And if you want to see more videos like this please hit subscribe. I try and post new videos every Wednesday. See you guys later. Bye!