 She love how I'm rocking it, Betty's a love by my rocking ship. She call me daddy and she got a fatty and she's so provocative. I'm twiring the rocking ship, yeah. She love how I'm confident, yeah. I'm dope in the shows and my shoes and my clothes and my glows are just hard to make. Hey guys, it's Eliza. Today I'm going to show you guys how to turn this t-shirt into these two tops. I want to start a series of where I start doing more fashion things than fashion DIYs because I know you guys really like those type of videos. I do have one down linked in the bottom description. If you guys want to go ahead and watch that, it's how I made a bodysuit and it's super super cute and super affordable. I did invest in a sewing machine because I've been loving thrifting items and then hands forming them into something else. So yeah, I did go thrifting and I got this t-shirt, no long sleeve shirt for $4.99, which was a steal because I got two shirts out of them. I got this really cute. I made this really cute tube top that's definitely had been trending so much on the internet and I made a cute cropped sweater. So yeah, if you guys want to learn how I transformed thrift items, just keep on watching and don't forget to subscribe because I'm definitely going to be doing a lot more. I'm definitely going to be doing more videos like this so you guys definitely want to stay tuned. So yeah, let's just get on to the video. So the first thing you want to do is take any long sleeve shirt. I got this one from the thrift store for $4.99 and it was definitely a steal. I got this one in a large, I believe, if it's me oversized, so I'm able to create two shirts out of this top. So with this shirt, I could have left it the way it is but it was just long but it fit me perfectly on the sleeves. So what I want to do is actually crop it. So the first thing I want to do is take a pin or you can use a marker and mark where you would want the shirt to be cut. I personally did it right above my belly button. You can do a little below if you don't want to show your belly button and a lot of people don't like their belly button for some reason. This is definitely a very easy DIY. So all I did was just cut it straight down the center where I left my mark. I tried using a rotary cutter but the one I have is very dull. So I just went in with scissors and it worked perfectly fine. A ruler would definitely help getting the accurate straight line. So you can definitely sew it and create a seam. But what I did was just I kind of tugged on it a little and it kind of gave it this distress look to which I liked a lot. And I love it because it's so comfy. You can use it to lounge around in or sleep in, it's super soft, super loose and it's super cute. So for the next top we're going to be using the second half of the shirt and we're going to be turning it into a tube top. I love this DIY because with this it's super easy. It doesn't have to require any sewing but for this one I'm definitely going to sew it because I've been wanting a tube top. And I just haven't gone around buying one. So all I'm going to be doing is just measuring my waist and I'm just using half of that measurement on the shirt and then cutting away the excess. I actually got this idea from a YouTuber who did actually the exact same DIY and I wanted to recreate it. I'm going to definitely link that video down below if I can find it to give a credit for that because it was so creative that I had to recreate it. And I love the idea. So I just kind of pinned it you can use a marker if you want. And then what you're going to do is just cut off the excess fabric. So what I'm going to actually do is sew along the seam to close it off. The girl who I'm going to link the video down below she actually did a non sewing method which I like a lot as well. So I'm going to leave it linked down below in case you guys want to try that method instead of sewing. I do owner sewing machine. I just bought one and I am in love with it. I'm so excited to be using it because there's so many creative ideas that have been flowing through my mind and I can't wait to share with you guys them. So basically all I did was sew along the side of the seam copying the other side. So it just creates a tube top and then on the top I closed it into a seam as well. So it creates just a straight line. It actually looks really cute if you don't do it at a seam on the top. But I did it just so it looks cleaner. You could also hand stitch it which is so fine but I'm not. I don't have a lot of time so sewing machine definitely helps. And then that's all it takes. Honestly I love this DIY. Let me know if you guys recreate this love. Go ahead and leave a comment down below if you guys have any more ideas for me to do. Don't forget to subscribe so you guys can stay tuned into my channel and see more videos like this. Please give it a thumbs up. I love you guys so much and I cannot wait to see you guys in my next video. Bye!