 after searching for months and months and months. Do you remember bringing home that perfect sofa? Well fast forward a few years and now it has cheetos, stains, juice box, stains, dog hair, and it's kind of sagging in the middle time for a new one. But if you did what I did, I paid extra for my sofa so I could get a great frame. So the people sold it to me said, don't ever get rid of it. Just rea poster it. Well, if you check the prices of rea poll stirring something, it was actually more expensive than my original set. So what you do. Here at Living Designs, you can start all over get what you want, right color, right size, right fill, and great quality. I know what you're thinking. What's the price? Much less than you might think let's find out why. You've all come on have a seat. No, no, thank you. All right, I learned a very valuable lesson with you because when I brought my sofa to you, I said, can you rea poster it? Because I paid so much for this because of the frames, supposedly. I took their word for it. What you really saw was not that great of a frame. No, what we saw was a very weak. Let's just say weak frame. It was made out of predominantly plywood, which is pressed wood. And your frame was broken in the middle. And to rea poster something on a weak foundation is a waste of money, which is why you would fall over again. Correct. And this is something you can guarantee because you know what you put into it. That is correct. This frame, all our frames are guaranteed for life. You don't want to rea poster something that you don't know what's inside of it. And if you come here, you could actually buy something brand new for less money that it would cost you to rea poster the piece that you have now. Yeah, that's exactly what happened to me. I had a sofa and two chays lounges, which I understand why it would be expensive to rea poster that, but I was able to make what I wanted for much less than the quote that I got for rea postering. How are you able to do that? Well where the manufacturer where you're actually the factory. This is a showroom of a factory. You can come in here and we can customize whatever it is that you need. Most folks go into a furniture store and basically what they see is what they think they can get. Here you can come in as you did yourself. You wanted the sofa and two chays lounges. But you had a very defined space that you wanted to put in me. So we build a piece to accommodate your space. Yeah, so you can see all the styles that you have and say I like this one, but you can adjust the but. Exactly. That's exactly what we do. And folks are not used to doing that when they come here. You get what you want. You don't get what they have to offer you. You simply get what you want and you get quality. Yeah, and that quality starts with the frame as we can see right here. Correct. That's a great way. You said, guarantee for life. The next thing we look at, I guess, is what the cushion would be like. Because again, a lot of times we go to a store and say I like this one, but I'm sinking too low. Or I like this one, but it's too hard. We can actually determine the fill that we want. You can determine anything you want. You can determine the feel of the seat cushion. You can determine the feel of the back. You can determine the height of the seat, the depth of the seat. You can determine if you're lounger, someone that just likes to lounge and watch TV or take a nap or whatever. You can determine what kind of sofa you're going to get. Osexual or chair. You can determine anything and everything you want for your comfort. Here you don't have to settle. If you want a color, you want a texture, you want to hide. You want to depth. You want to style. You get it all here at minimally 50% less than anywhere else. Why? Because number one, we don't have high rent. This is the factory we've been here for over 30 years. So we're willing to come into you and come over here to the factory. It's worth it because that's where it pays off is that we're not paying as you mentioned the high rent, the pretty store and all that type of stuff. Correct. And the people that will help you out are actually furniture people. They understand not only what you see. They also understand how the product is built. They understand everything that takes to build a piece of furniture. Yeah. All right. So we love the fact that it's quality. We love the fact that steady. We love the fact that it's guaranteed. But what drives most of us is what we see. And you can go ahead and customize that sofa with all the materials that you have available. And you have as many materials as anybody can possibly want. We have thousands of different materials. We have hundreds of different colors. We have hundreds of different textures. We have letters. We have finals, velvets, whatever you can think of. We have. Yeah. I got to tell you, you told me the material I chose. You said that's good because it will ask you forever. It won't even stain. Maybe it's just be difficult to stain. My son was coloring with a permanent marker. And I looked down and it's all over the sofa. And I was like, I cannot believe this. I put your theory to the test. I wiped it and I kept wiping and it's gone. Permanent marker is gone. Correct. And that kind of fabric, for example, is called the microdiniar. It's hollow. The fabric you're sitting on is a full fiber. So if you stain it, it just literally goes into it. And unless you clean it immediately or call someone to clean it, you're not ever going to clean it. Microdiniar is hollow like your hair. Today, your Bernette tomorrow your blonde the next day, so on and so forth. You can put it on. Wash it off. So that's a type of fabric that is extremely durable. Unless you burn it, cut it or literally water it with acid, it will last forever. Yeah. And that's another thing where you say customize. How do you use the sofa? Do you have young kids in the house with permanent markers? That's exactly right. We'll ask you all those questions. What's this use of the sofa? Is it for you living room, a formal room? Do you want it in your bedroom? Do you want to sit? Let's say for in the chair because you like reading or watching TV, whatever your use of the furniture, we will build it to your need. It's as simple as that. And living design furniture has a special offer going on right now. Mention great day Houston for the entire month of January and receive 10% off the entire show room floor. That's 10% off already really low prices to get in on this deal. And for more information, call 713 921 509 8 713 921 5 0 9 8 or log on to living designs furniture dot com.