 Hello, Dolly Crave. My name is Bruna and I'm going to be showing you a makeup tutorial. Okay, of course this video is for Dolly Crave. Okay, the first thing you want to do before you apply a makeup is you want to wash your face thoroughly. That way you don't have dirt anywhere and now you don't get pimples by leaving extra makeup on or dirt that you might have in your face. So really good cleansers help your face. Also, if you already do have a little bit of pimple showing up anywhere and you're going out or something, the noxema is a really good product because it deep cleanses and refreshes your skin and opens your pores. Okay, so the first thing you want to do when you apply a makeup is what I do. This is my everyday look. I have a glitter stick and it's the highlighter and I just apply that over my eye. Just the first thing I like that I really, really like glitter. I look glitter glitter glitter glitter glitter glitter glitter glitter glitter glitter. Sorry, random magic. Okay, let's get back. After you apply the glitter just so it's not all done clump. Then I use a brush and this powder pigment that I have. You can get it anywhere different kinds. This isn't really a huge name, you can have one. But I like it and this, the glitter on the bottom actually makes it look like the eyeshadow has a lot of glitter in it. So just the product, which adds up to not all of the place and both your brush after you dip it in the same way it's not so access. Okay, you can see that so far. Okay, after that I apply the eyeliner. I use black pencil by Jordan. I got it at Walgreens and I stretch my glids down and just apply from a corner to a corner. Some people might do just the middle, however, wait, shoot to you. Okay, and I like to do this thing called the cat eye or Egyptian look anything. How it goes out like that. And by the way, this side's done if you haven't seen it. Yeah, so you do that and then I apply right up to corner where you can hardly see any eyelashes. And sometimes people like to go a little bit up here, but that's hard for me. So I'm not going to do that. Excuse me. Brain part. Okay, next I use Maybelline High Definition Scare. I love Maybelline. But okay, Maybelline. It's the best thing ever. Well, that's my opinion at least. So what I do is I do a trick off breaking shake. So I'll wear your eyelashes on all clumpy looking. Okay, so I go like this. Break and break and shake. Break and shake. Break and shake. Break and shake. Break and shake. It's a very catchy thing to break and shake. Break and shake. Okay. And if you get anything like on the side right there, all you have to do is use a tissue or your finger. If you don't want it, usually people want it left there. So you use tissue of water or alcohol to get enough smell or makeup or movement. Okay. Very good. Shake. And last but not least is a cute little gloss. This is Matt. I love the flavors. And it's less still strawberry. So you just apply that. It's like pink shade to top too. You want a lot of black. And there you go. See? And you can experiment with colors and stuff. So I hope you like my video. Bye everybody. Hope these tips help. Remember, this is Sprina. Adios.