 Hey, what's going on guys? My name is Anthony Orbygby Stats and today I'm on Minecraft Title Update 19. Yes, it's out and I'm going to be explaining to you guys more about hoppers, how do you use them and such things like that in the update. So if you want to place a hopper on a chest, they did add the feature where you just crouch and you can place it right on top of a chest. So hopper just basically stores and transports items here. As you can see, I just set up a little contraption here, nothing too major. Now if I didn't have any of this stuff to the left, of course, anything I put in the hopper would go straight down into the chest. It's not rocket science. Again, you can do a lot with redstone, but currently I don't know that much as far as with the redstone and stuff like that. If you do, be sure to link that down below in the description or something like that. But anyway, as you can see, I just put that there and if I put that in the chest, it goes straight to the hopper. So just feed straight through, but I will also show you something very cool that you can do with the hopper as well, not just automatically cook food. Let's just say you put this in your house, you just throw the food in there and it automatically smelt it, even if you did that with items and things like that. So I'm going to grab some food here, throw that in the hopper and look, check the furnace and as you can see, it's cooking up. But again, I'm going to show you one of the coolest things I think that a hopper can be used for, not saying it's the coolest thing a hopper is used for, but can be used for. So I set this up here. It's almost like a very quick like mob grinder. It's not necessarily a mob grinder here, but I just wanted to show you this for an example. So as you can see, I have the chest on top of the hopper and then I'm going to drop these zombies down. I'm going to show you exactly what's going to happen here in a second, which I think is just amazing too. So if you have like a mob grinder, anything in your survival world, you definitely want to know, put a hopper in a chest because it will store your items right here. So look, there we go. As you can see, as the zombies fell, we got the rotten flesh straight through there. Now if they had loot and things like that, there we will have it there. But I hope you guys didn't enjoy today's video. Drop the like. It's very much appreciated and also shows your support and be sure to subscribe to stay up to date with the latest Minecraft title update 19 news and more. And again, if you have any questions, feel free to leave that down below in the comments. I'll try my best to cover that for you. But again, until the next, I will talk to you guys later. Peace out.