 Okay guys, I got this farmhouse chair from the Goodwill and I paid $6 for it. As you can see, the previous owner had painted the top part black. So I never painted over black before so this will be my first time doing so. And these are the products I used. The house bar paint, poly acrylic. I'm not going to be using this paint stripper. I'm sorry, I can't remember what brand it is. But this paint stripper is basically used just to strip paint off of old furniture. Okay so now that I got most of the paint off, now I'm going to start sanding. Okay so I was really nervous about this black because I'm going to be painting the chair and all of green color and I didn't know how it was going to take or if the black was going to show through because I ended up not using a primer. So I was basically just winging this one guys just trying something and seeing how it will turn out. Okay so now that I got most of my sanding done, I'm going to use this dark walnut with stain and stain the seat part of my chair. Okay so now that my sanding is done, now it's time to apply my first coat of green paint. As expected the black was showing but I knew that I probably would have to add another coat or two. So I applied three coats of paint to this chair and guys the black was gone, I couldn't see it anymore. The green was shining through and it was perfect. Now my paintbrush was too big to get the smaller parts of the chair so I'm going to be using this small little paintbrush and I'm going to apply it on the little parts right there where you see there's still some black showing. Okay so I wanted to age my chair a little bit so I'm going to be applying this antique brown wax just to age it and give it that old used look. So after three coats and some elbow grease later I am done. Later on that evening I applied some poly acrylic to my chair just to give it that finish and that crystal clear look and I think this chair turned out great guys. I love the green it has like a type of nature look to it and I applied this nice brown throw over the chair just to give it that fall look and it looks great. I hope you guys enjoyed this DIY and I will catch you guys on my next one.