 Welcome to Nutrition Living. My name is Fabian Teller and I'm Nutritionist. Today we're going to be talking about juicing with dandelion. There's so many great benefits to juicing with dandelion. We're going to be talking about that as well as what else can you do with it other than juicing it. Here we have the red dandelion. There are two kinds. There's the red dandelion leaf and there's also the white one. So today we're going to be juicing with basically the red one. The benefits to dandelion are the very high in vitamin A, high in vitamin B, high in iron, high in potassium, also calcium as well as vitamin C. They are also other vitamins and it's just a very very good green that's really high in antioxidants. Also in very good, it's a very good detoxifier and it's also a good diuretic. So for those people who have high blood pressure, you can use it and it will make you go to the bathroom and get rid of those extra salt and it also has potassium as well. Also good for people that have diabetes. We're going to be juicing the dandelion with an apple and a pear. But if you have diabetes, you want to do one fruit instead of using two fruits. We're using the granite cement apple because it's sour, it's high in vitamin C and I just love the flavor that it gives to your juice. And then the lime also is really good for weight loss. I am three months was upon them which been I gave birth three months ago and weight loss is very important. I'm also breastfeeding full time so I really need those green to give me a lot of the nutrients that I need. So we're going to start out with the green apple and I'm going to cut it. And today I'm using the brafel juicer. The brafel juicer is coming in many different kinds. I love that brand. If you have any other juicer that you're using, you can use it as well but I just love the brafel juicer and then you'll see why basically. So I'm just going to be cutting my apple and then cut the pear because that apple is a really big one too. So we're going to be starting out with, well we'll do one apple, one of the apple first and then we'll go with the other apples afterwards. My dino lion with apple and a pear which gives it a really great flavor, high vitamin C and it's also a great lexative especially the dino lion to help you move your bowel movements. So for those of you suffer with constipation, it's also very good, it's also very good for your liver. It helps cleanse it out, clean you out, great for acne as well. Good to put on your skin. You can cook but then the lion but remember dino lion is quite bitter. So if you're cooking with it you might want to mix it with other green herbs. That's it for nutrition living today. Bon appétit, Ms. Emmy.