 This week we're making garlic knots. You see them all the time in pizza parlors and Italian restaurants is so good and they're actually a nice replacement to dinner rolls during the holiday meals. Let's get started. I got this dough from the pizza parlor. Again, if your pizza parlor won't sell you dough, you can buy it in the freezer section in your supermarket or you can make your own dough. You can make your own, but dough hates me so I like to buy it. This way I don't have a struggle. And just stretch it out. You get a size about the size of a ping-pong ball. And then you stretch it out and you tie it into a knot. It's that simple. All right, see that? And then just put them on a parchment lined cookie sheet. Or you can just grease it if you don't have parchment paper. But again, just take the size of like a ping-pong ball. I think that's a pretty big ping-pong ball. It's going up to a tennis ball size at this point. But yeah, just stretch it out and tie it into a knot. There you go. Look at that. See? Isn't that lovely? Now you're going to put them in like a 375 or 400 degree oven for about 10 to 12 minutes. Just watch them until they get nice and golden. Now we're going to make the garlic sauce that goes over the garlic knots. So easy to make. But I got this gadget I wanted to show you. You know, I love my gadgets, right? And this is so cool. See? It's got a couple of little blades in there. And what you're going to do is you put your garlic cloves in there. Look how cute, right? And just turn it back and forth. And it chops up your garlic in like no time. And it gives you a pretty nice, fine minced garlic. I'm going to come with it. I like it. Don't you like it? It's so cute. I got this at restaurant solutions ink.com. So website, I'm going to link it in the description. This was like $8. Not even. So good. The prices on this site are so good for like half-feets, for baking and a great supplies, great prices. Check out that site. I'm going to link it in the description. I'm just and look. When you're done, look. It's all minst up. It's so cute, isn't it? And I love it because you can make it just keep going. Look at that. And you can put nuts in here. You can put herbs, anything you want. Anything you just cut it small and put it in there and just chop it up. You love it. And this is nice because I can give it to my granddaughter. And she could have a bowl of making it like she's tapping my garlic, right? So cute. I got a pretty nice minst out of it. Oh, that's lovely. See, that's perfect. That is perfect. Okay, so we got our garlic done. And now I'm going to chop up some parsley. And you just want to get a nice fine minst on your parsley. I could have put it in the garlic chopper, but I've got my garlic in there. And all of you who are noticing my cutting board, do you see that? It stands aligned. Yes, I do it with, I can't turn it over. No, turn the board around. Oh, okay. I thought you meant turn it over. You're chopping up on the other line. Isn't that pretty? I chopped up on my dandelions. I did that with my wood burning tool. That's right. I got the tools, baby. Now in a little pan, I'm going to heat up two tablespoons of butter and a couple of tablespoons of olive oil as well. And to this, I'm going to add the garlic that I just chopped. Look at the nice chop that came out of this little gadget, right? Love my kitchen gadgets. Don't have to cook the garlic. You're just warming and melting the butter. All right, I could smell it. It smells so good that garlic. Okay, now you're going to take it off the stove. And you're going to wait for your garlic not to finish cooking. Now you take that garlic oily butter that you made and you put it into a bowl. You add the parsley that you chopped up and take your garlic nuts and just toss them in there. And then just toss them around into the garlic oily butter. Oh, that smells so good. You want them nice and hot when you do this. Now you can take it and you can brush it on them, but I like doing it this way better. And just keep tossing them until you get them nicely coated. And now if you like, you can add a little bit of grated Parmesan Romano cheese and just toss that around too. You don't need to add salt because the cheese is kind of salty. So to me, like that's enough, you know. You can add a little crushed pepper. If you like, I rather not. I like it just this way. And now we're going to try these. This is the little guy. This is the little one I made. Oh, God. Oh, God. So good. So good. So much better than regular dinner rolls, right? I'm eating it. Can we try this? Oh, you want to try it? I'm kind of hot. I hope you try making these. He's getting burnt. I hope you try making these. They're so easy. Aren't they easy? And they're delicious. Oh, they're so good. So hot. So good. Oh, and so hot. I'm burning my fingers right now, but it's so worth it. Don't forget to click thumbs up and enjoy. For more recipes, check out my appetizer playlist. And don't forget to subscribe. I post a new video every Saturday.