 Hi everyone, so today I'm going to show you a way to harden your clay. I don't think it's the best way, but it's the only way I could come up with really and it can also act as a semi-gloss glaze or a satin glaze. So yeah, I hope this video helps you all and like I said it's not the best way, but it's a way if you want to do it that way. And I used this method because I use air dry clay for my redakumajuro keychain. So the churro is really long and thin, so it's really bendy, so I need to find a way to make it more stiff and a wire doesn't really do anything, so this is how I harden my clay. So let's just get started. So a little disclaimer here is that I use Daiso's paper clay or whatever it's called, soft clay. So I'm not sure if it will work on any other air dry clay, but it works for Daiso. You want to take your finished and done drawing air dry clay, and I'm gonna pick this one. So this one's kind of bendy, so you can see so what you want to do is take nail glue or super glue, I'm guessing super glue would work. You want to work in somewhere more ventilated because some a reaction will happen to this. So first I'm going to shave my churro before I actually start pouring down the nail glue. So here is my churro shaded till where I actually show it. So I'm gonna take the nail glue and you can watch what happens when I trim it. So the color change is definitely, so you need to watch out for that if you're going to use this method. And definitely, like I said, be an ventilated area because this does smell and you can see it's reaction. It turns a little bit more yellow, so that is the shading. So you can see that when it gets darker and smoke does come out, so that's why I said to be an ventilated area. It's especially good for these flimsy sides. You can still see the smoke coming out. So I use this as a glaze sort of, but then I put another glaze on top of it. Try not to breathe in a lot and stand next to a fan actually because it really does. It is, I think, nail glue isn't an healant, so I'm pretty sure you don't want to be breathing it in so closely. And I'm going to do the back so you can see what it looks like on a smooth surface. This does dry almost instantly, but I would leave it alone for about two or three minutes. Now I'm going to do the rest of it. You don't need to get every single bit of it right now, just dotting the points because it's not going to need that much. I just needed to get every single bit down here because of the shading that I did. I needed to have it all the same color. So this definitely helps with my shading as well. You can see it looks more realistic now. And it has a little bit of a shine to it, so it's a matte or semi gloss and the liquid in the middle is still dry. So you can see it's a lot harder. It's more stiff and it's definitely more stronger. So that was how I hardened my clay. And I think you could use super glue, but I just use nail glue because that's all I have. I have 20 nail glue balls. So I was going to use them. Just let me know your thoughts about it and let me know if you have any methods to harden your air dry clay. Thanks for watching. Bye!