 It can sometimes be a little bit daunting to make your own bread at home, but fear not, I have a really fantastic recipe to make a focaccia-style bread. And I'm going to be doing it in my cuisine companion. In the cuisine companion, it mixes, it needs the dough, and on top of it, it proves the dough at the perfect temperature. So to start with, I'm going to mix the liquids. In the bowl, I've attached my kneading and crushing blade, and then I'll add some olive oil, use really good quality extra virgin olive oil for this, some honey, and then for some water, 180 milliliters. Now we need to add salt to this because bread without salt doesn't taste very nice at all, so a good pinch of salt. Now the lid can go on. And I'm going to start this on the pastry program, and then just mix it. So it's going to go for two minutes, 30 all up, but for this stage, we just need a mix it for about 30 seconds. Okay, now that that's just combined, we can start adding our flour, now 320 grams in it goes. Now this is a mixture of instant dry yeast, and I've added 20 milliliters of lukewarm water to that. By doing that, you'll see that all these little bubbles start to form, which means it's active, and it's ready to go into our bowl. Put it in with my spatula, scraping down all the sides because we need all of that there. Now the lid can go back on, and we can start the program again. There's still another two minutes and 15 seconds, but that's going to mix it and start kneading the dough. After that, the cuisine companion will go straight in to the proving program, which will be at 30 degrees for about 40 minutes, and just you watch, you'll see this delightful dough, double in size and puff up. This dough looks so fantastic. It's doubled, almost tripled in size, and you can feel it's nice and warm, and then we need to take it off the blade, so just carefully break it around it and test it. And now, with your hands, just spread the dough out so it fits the size of the tin, so it forms that focaccia shape. I'm going to brush it with a little bit more olive oil, and then cover it with some cling film, and just allow it to prove again for at least one hour to one and a half hours. Now, you can see that the dough has again doubled in size and stretched out all the way to the corners of this tray, and it's now finally time to cook the dough. So I'm just going to press in with my hands, just some little indents, just so it looks like that classic focaccia. And then, I'm just going to brush some more olive oil on the top, and then I always like to add just a little bit of water to the top, so it steams in the oven. Now, I've preheated my oven to 220 degrees, so a nice hot oven, and I'll also add a little bit of salt on top, and this goes in for about 15 to 20 minutes, or until it's golden brown. There's nothing like fresh baked bread straight out of the oven. I'm going to cut a little wedge and listen to this. Perfect crunchy focaccia. I'll take this little corner off because I like the crunchy bits. I'm going to have a taste. That is to die for. And you know what? This is basic bread making, made so simply in the cuisine companion. There are so many different options out there. This one's my favorite, though. I love focaccia.