 What's happening guys, so today what we're going to be doing is neck label printing. Let's do this. Okay, so why print neck labels? Well, it's a lot easier to print neck labels than to have labels made, then get those labels sewn in. It's just a lot easier and way more cost effective to actually just get them printed into your shirts. So I have just going to make an example of a neck print label, but the posi here, I'm just zooming on that. See, there is the thread there. Pretty cool, so it's got all your washing instructions and everything on. What I'll do, I'll upload these little icons here and just for limited time, I'll send them up for free so you can download them. The link will be in the description below. Feel free to download them. Well, it's free. Okay, so what I'm going to do, now I've just got to go and get... ...the screen, expose the screen with our print and showing how it's done. Let's do this. Okay, so one thing to think about when you're exposing your screens, just make sure if you're going to be using a sleeve padded, then make sure you do your positive upside down. If you're going to be using a normal t-shirt board, then just expose it the normal way. If you don't understand what I'm saying, it all makes sense when we actually saw it printing, I'll show you that. Okay, so while we wait for the screen to dry, what we're going to do, we are going to start getting the ink ready to print onto these black shirts. Now, because we're going to be printing onto the black shirt, the best color you can print white, but we're going to print gray. Gray kind of covers a lot of colors of garments, so if you're trying to save a little bit of costs, gray, depending on making sure that you're not printing on gray, but gray can go across white garments, black garments, navy garments, blue garments, great to go come to sleep. Okay, so they're going to go make things. So we've mixed and warmed up the gray ink. Now, the ink that I'm actually using is a Pessissol ink. So, in the reason why we're going to be using a Pessissol ink is because the Pessissol ink will sit on top of the fabric. It doesn't have to go through the fabric. We're water based or at this charging, we'll go through the fabric, and that's not what you want. You don't want to see the next print coming through the back of the shirt. Okay, so early on I mentioned that when we expose our screen, we're going to have to get our positive and do it upside down when we're using the sleeve board. Now, the reason for that is because when we've got our t-shirt, we're loading from this side so the print is actually facing us. It's not the opposite way around. So you have to, when you expose your screen using a sleeve board, make sure you do it upside down. Then if you haven't got a sleeve pellet and using a normal pellet, then all you've got to do is basically take your shirt, turn it inside out. Make sure you get the back part of the print. Load it onto your board. Just make sure when you're printing, you're just printing this area here, and then you don't have to worry about flipping your image upside down or anything when you're exposing it. Right now, I'm using the sleeve board because then I don't have to flip the t-shirt inside out. It just makes the process log quicker when you've got a few hundred shirts to print. This particular shirt is a beller and canvas, and the great thing about this shirt is this label right here is simply just tear it out. Like that. Okay, so I'm going to load the shirt onto my board. So you can see I've just overlapped the neck straight underneath. I haven't had to turn the shirt inside out and everything if I'm doing it on a normal pellet. So I've just flipped it over. There it is. And the neck prints really need to be printed. So let's get a print of them. Let's see if it underneath. Okay, cool. So that print came up pretty awesome. Come over, look. Okay, cool. Here we go. Now that's just one stroke. Came out really, really well. Look how smooth that print is. It's just, that's absolutely perfect. I'm just going to send it underneath the flash quick and then I can show you the back of the print just to make sure that we've the pressure is right and that it's not showing through the shirt. So let me just send it across there and show you what the results like. All right, all right. Okay, cool. So there we go. We've got the print on the front or the inside of the shirt there. And if we have a look at the back of the shirt, which is the most important part is there is no ink coming through this entire area over here, which means we've got the pressure absolutely right. Now that to me just absolutely finishes off the shirt completely from inside out. The whole thing is absolutely branded. 100% looks awesome. That's how easy it is. It brings us to the end of this episode. Thanks for watching guys. I hope you enjoyed it. If you did, hit that subscribe button, hit that like button. I'm out of here. I'll catch you on the next one.