 Hey guys we're out here inspecting some rope and some gear. We're gonna go on a little climbing adventure this afternoon. We got some remote caves and we're gonna bring some metal detectors down. It's about a 75 foot drop and that figure we'd inspect our ropes and our equipment real quick before we hit out. Well I do that I'm gonna set up a three to one pulley system or a Z-rig. I haven't seen a lot of videos on YouTube and it's good general knowledge to know pull these and stuff so we're gonna set one up real quick obviously this is one inch webbing. I got the center points center points marked, daisy chain and the lengths of each anchor and I'm gonna set up a wrap three pull two anchor find your center point and wrap the tree and you want your knot on the inside of the tree. Over here we're dealing with the webbing so we're gonna be a water knot basically an overhand and we're gonna follow that back up through you want to leave yourself a fistful tails at least and then pull two. The benefits of this is obviously a lot of people know that we just heard of your rope or your webbing is the knot and with the friction from the bark from the with the webbing you have no no force on the knot itself. This is anchor we're gonna use a blocking carabiner and then that's all set. We're gonna run a rope out this is 11 mil static line figure eight on a bike and then clean it up dress it up. Oh it's good and that's gonna be our load end. This is called the 3 to 1 or a Z rig. The reason why it's called a Z rig is pretty self-explanatory. It looks like a Z and it's good to be organized when dealing with ropes and stuff that makes everything easy a lot easier dealing with knots and that type of stuff. So our this is gonna be our anchor connection and we're down a pulley so we're gonna use a carabiner on this end. Obviously this is an ideal you wouldn't want to do this but for demonstration purposes the carabiner is gonna create extra friction that we don't want make this load actually heavier than than it should be and because it's the 3 to 1 if you got a hundred pound load 3 to 1 would divide that by 3 so you'd be pulling up about 33 pounds the disadvantage is you got to pull your you got to pull the rope three feet for every one foot that the load comes up the hill so over here we're gonna this here is a prosik it's to barrel knots and then you like slip knots separate them they bite down on each other and this thing is awesome to know I'll put your barrel on the rope wrap three times pull up on an angle and that clears your your knot from your carabiner or whatever you're gonna attach it to and then just clean up clean this up a little and this is a friction grab you want to make sure that your this rope is all sitting flush on that and it looks like a smiley face with the tongue hanging out and like I said this is rope grab the benefits of this is if you pull this way it bites down on itself if you pull this way it's gonna bite down on itself but you can slide it and then it'll lock up when you pull on it but just as easy as that it's it's on itself we need to pull it here and then attach this and if you're doing any sort of rope rescue type stuff you would double this stuff up cross six and then we're gonna put a load capture on this end and this load capture goes on the load line and what it does is as you pull up pull the pulley up and then you release this end because you got to reset your your rope this will actually grab and keep your load from falling down the hill and it just captures what you got once again you get smiley face and the more this prostate cord breaks in the softer it gets the easier it bites this is 7-0 most rescue teams use 8-0 and then we're just gonna put this lock everything off obviously we want to pull it here but for demonstrations that's what we're using and then and this is our pulley system and you'd be pulling this way pulling as the load comes up the hill you're running out of room back here you can let go of this this is gonna capture capture your load so the load doesn't fall back down the hill and once you start pulling again this is gonna loosen itself and feed itself and then it grabs itself again and then as you pull up again and you let go again it grabs it's a cool thing to know maybe I'll do a video on how to tie those and that's it and it back here if you're pulling back here maybe you got a cliff or you got some obstacle back here a tree line you can always add you would want to add another pulley but we're gonna add a carabiner and we can change the direction of our pull so now we're pulling this way as a 3-1 is working parallel so that's it have a good day