 Hi everyone, this is Stephanie Manley with CopyCAD.com. Today we are making the melting pot chocolate fondue. The melting pot is a fantastic restaurant where you are served fondue for all three courses and we are making the dessert course right here. Please hang on to the end of the video. I have partnered up with some fabulous foodies here on YouTube and they are also sharing some of their favorite Valentine's recipes. Be sure to hang on to the end of the video and check out my other friends here on YouTube because they do fabulous stuff and I am always envious of whatever they are making. So this recipe is very, very simple. We need some milk chocolate, nonchews and gira deli, use whatever you have on hand. This recipe does suggest milk chocolate but it dark would work just as well. We are going to use a couple tablespoons of cream and then we are also using some crunchy peanut butter. And to finish our fondue we are going to dip it in strawberries and marshmallows if you have cookies or cheesecake is even fantastic or pineapple. You can use a different kind of fruit in a fabulous. Now I have a fondue pot here so the electric fondue pot. If you don't have one you can use a double boiler. It works really well. So all we need to do is put our chips in the pot and then we are going to add in our cream and we are going to let this melt. And we are just going to give this a nice little stir and we are going to stir it and when it is done we are going to put the peanut butter on top. Okay so now we have our chocolate all nice and melted. It looks and smells fantastic. And to finish this recipe they say put a couple tablespoons of crunchy peanut butter in here. So I am just going to go ahead and add this in and I am going to go ahead and stir it in and then it will be ready to do full and do. It is kind of like a Reese's peanut butter cup all nice and melted. And what you do is you take a little stick right here and you go ahead and dip into the fondue. And there we go, melting pot, chocolate fondue. So if you love chocolate recipes please give this video a big thumbs up here on YouTube. Drop me a comment down below of what you would like to see me do next and be sure to hang on and see what my other fellow YouTubers are cooking up for Valentine's Day. Thanks for watching.