 Okay, so I have a brand new pair of jeans here. Let's try to take the oxygen sensor out of my car. Didn't get the oxygen sensor out and totally trashed the new pair of jeans. Well, I was in the process. So, it's kind of mad at myself for doing this. Get grease all over them. So, they get to think in, like, gee, use a lot of that fast-storage stuff in my hands. I've used it for years, it gets stuff out of your hands pretty good. So, I'm gonna see what it does on the stains that I have on my brand new pair of jeans. I'm gonna put it on. Now, throw them in a little wash and I'll let you guys know how I make out. Hopefully, the stuff works. So, I've tried liquid dish soap with, you know, mediocre success. So, I've got a paste of all on here. And the stuff is pretty good if I get the stuff off of your hands. So, we'll see how all they do. The stuff does on my jeans here. They're dry. It's a fresh stain. What's going on? Got to rub it all in. Almost looks like it's working a little bit already. Cheesh. Like the amacchia. I'm gonna rub it. I can't lay down here. I'll rub it all in the fabric. Get it in there. I'm using good. I can't believe I did this. Wipe out so many pears of jeans. Trying to do a quick fix on something. Buy it. She's looks like it's kind of come out already. And I haven't even thrown it in the wash. Hold on for a minute. Flip these over. Make sure I didn't get anything on the back. Well, I know some pretty good at sitting and stuff. Hey. So, these look fine on the back. I think my legs are just hitting the frame of the truck underneath and I was out there working. So, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna throw these on the laundry right in the washing and I'll let sit for a minute. And I'll put it back and let you know if I've saved my jeans. And I'm gonna try this stuff before on laundry. Like I said, I always use it through on my hands and I'll let you guys know how it may go. Okay, so I got my pants out of the wash and then I dry it them. They look pretty good out of the wash. It wasn't any stains left. So, this wanted to show you an update on my jeans and the fast orange took everything right out of it. It's the no longer ruined and they cut the stains up pretty good.