 And I'm back for an update on the first Botanah baby that was introduced to its now loving YouTube family. My prayer plant. Yeah, this little baby has been praying for all of Mama Sins and she's been doing really well. I know she looks a little bit tattered here in these clips, but that's just how the leaves are. Yeah, so I originally bought this in a 4 inch pot and you can see it's got some new growth there. This was maybe, oh, I want to say it was a long time ago, maybe six months ago now, but here you can see it's progressed two months later with these fresh new green leaves. So I don't know if you can tell the difference, but it comes out to be a lot lighter green when it first unfurls. And it's actually the most interesting thing to witness. I was having a conversation on the couch with my husband when all of a sudden I heard what sounded like a piece of paper fall onto the floor. And as I looked, I realized it was actually one of the leaves unfurling from a different plant. It was just so crazy. It's like, oh, not a pop, but it's just weird. It's hard to explain. You had to be there. But here it is again three months later and it's looking a little bit crowded in here. I mean, I don't know. This is a plant that's supposed to have a trailing quality. So I, in retrospect, probably should have just left it alone. But I mean, I was very eager to get a whole other plant and get a bigger bang from my bug out of dividing this plant into two. So I couldn't help myself. Yeah, so here I'm showing you this leaf that was bright green when it first infurled and it's getting a lot more green like this more mature leaf. So yeah, you know, what can you do? I wanted to plant and I made it happen. So one indicator that I normally have in deciding to repot a plant is roots coming out of the bottom. So these aren't too bad. This is probably what a lot of your plants look like at the bottom when you're buying from a nursery or a big, big box store. But I didn't want it to get too root bound and crazy. So I just went for it. I divided it into two plants. This is pretty small. Like I said, this is a orange pot. I kept the main piece of the plant in this orange pot and just kind of took off one of the babies as you can see here. See, it's starting to trail and grow longer. And this is the one piece that I separated and took from the main plant. Yeah, I probably need to water her. As you can tell, the soil is a lot lighter brown than this one on the left. So yeah, this is a great way for you to divide your plants. If you have friends and family that are super interplants as well, you can do a plant swap or a trade. The roots were not disturbed at all as you can see from the new growth that's already, oh, sorry for the blurriness guys. But you can tell it's already doing quite well since it's unfurled, the brand new leaf there on the left and it's already showing new growth there. I had a croton that I recently split into three and apparently crotones have really fine roots that get disturbed quite easily when you repot and it is not doing well. I'll have to do a separate video on that. Anyway, guys, that's the end of my update. Thank you so much for watching. If you're new to my channel. Ugh. So sorry about that, guys. I hate forgetting to keep my phone on mute. That was my husband asking what I was up to. He is so nosy. Anyway, thank you so much for watching. If you're new to my channel, please don't forget to subscribe and hit your notification button so you won't miss any of my future uploads. Till next time.