 Today I'm going to show you how to make coffee just as good as Starbucks. And if you have a recipe that you'd like to share with us, please leave a comment or video over as well. Now I'm going to start with the ingredients that you're going to need to make this delicious coffee. First, you're going to need the coffee maker. Right here we have your basic Mr. Coffee Coffee maker that you can get at Walmart for about $30. Comes with utensils that you need. Also you're going to need an espresso roast Starbucks coffee. You get that for Walmart about $7. Also you're going to need some ground cinnamon. Suggest that you get some 1% milk. You're going to need some sugar, of course, that's what makes it sweet. And then you're going to need some water and I'll prefer to use bottled orched cream water for this. Okay, now let's get started. First we're going to get our coffee machine ready. We're just going to take off the top and we're going to get our bottle of water and we're going to pour it all the way in until it is full and not still like that. Once it's all the way full, we're just going to stick our lid back on, screw back on the glass and then we're going to get the coffee that we need. And then two. So we're just going to pour it in here about three quarters of the way full and once you start pouring it in, you want to put a packet in a little bit to make sure we get all the coffee that we need. Once you get that in there about two full, then we're going to stick it in the machine. Now to pin it on, you're tasting coffee. You might wish to add more or less coffee grounds. We're just going to turn on our machine, let it start brewing. Is that simple? Now that our coffee is brewed, we're going to add the milk and sugar to get stuff to it. We're going to get about three teaspoons. Three, there's one, two, three, four, three, one. I like lots of sugar. Now I need to add our milk. We need to add about a third of the cup. There. We're just going to mix our milk and sugar. You want to make sure you're mixing it now and not when you mix it with the coffee. And we're going to steam it, so I'm just going to turn it to my setting. And we're just going to shake it around and round about three minutes. This is what you can see in the soda. Now that we're done with the steam it, we're just going to add our espresso. And make sure you don't stir this. We're just going to pour it in. We're just going to sprinkle the top of it with some cinnamon. Just sprinkle it on top. Just add a little bit of flavor. Makes it look really nice. You have a fresh cup of espresso, and about the time that it takes with the drive-through, it's Starbucks, and it's much cheaper. Remember, if you have a recipe that you'd like to share, make sure you post it in a comment or video response. Cheers!