 Okay, what we have here is a cabinet that the customer really liked at Home Depot, but it was made of wood and it was a cabinet base and we said we could do it. So we went and looked at what they had and actually they had a white laminate material that really wasn't wood and it was quite worn and it was a light color but we felt like we could do it. So what we did is we came up with a sample board that came in the shade and style that they wanted and this was the back of one of those doors. They said yes so we got started. One of the first things that you do is you sand and then you can put it on the back of the door and that's to make sure the door is clean. There's no real back mix in that or whatever is on that. So we did it. And we did it. And we made sure there's a good surface to spray a colored lacquer. So this is a high grade furniture lacquer. Same thing that they would use on the furniture that would then Home Depot or anywhere else where they actually made a backer cabinet. After that dries, this is what takes the most time is we actually have to hand stain cabinet door. So this will give it the appearance that it's a brand new piece of wood that just barely got stained. And that's this type of stain that we have is one of the secrets to how we're able to do it. So we rub the stain in, all cracks. We leave a little bit in the corners to add a rich look, a little bit of an antiquey and it adds depth and character. Because we really don't have any wood grain to work with because remember this is this laminate. It's not real wood. In fact, most cabinets have laminate on there but at least on the end panel. They're actually particle-bored and it's covered in contact paper. So anyway, after we eat all like that stain to lacquer stain, then we may come back to our secret sauce. And the secret sauce is lacquer, lacquer thinner, dyes and some other things that give it a rich nice look. We put a nice coat on that sometimes two or three extra coats depending on what we want the cabinet to stand up looking like. But this work right here is just about finished with one door. You can see in just a few minutes there's an absolute transformation. It's shiny because it's still wet. But there's one that has just got stained and right next to it there's one that's got the finish. So I'll give you an idea of what they look like. So all these here, this one is just one coat of lacquer on it. And then this one has the stain that's been rubbed in the white cloth and this has the finish on it. Okay, so in this job it ended up looking like this. So remember what it did look like? It was worn laminate. They wanted it to look like the base at Home Depot and we were able to do it. So here's the final, what the kitchen looked like. Here's what the Home Depot base looked like and finally just one last shot of what we were able to come up with. Look at the crown roll. It's beautiful.