 Alright today I'm going to show you how to make a bong just using can or one actually two cans. This one I've already used to make another bong. Here's about the size that you're gonna need to kind of hold out of this one. Not too big about the third of the can. This one first you need to break the tab off this one and then you gotta break it in half. You're not gonna need anything but the cans to make this bong. Other people are like oh yeah you need this this this unlike no you just need the can. Alright you need to go and you need to make sure that you drink the soda and then you wash it out. You don't have to wash it out but I choose to so that it's a better can. Matter of bong so there's the hole doing it on the opposite side of here, upside of the hole and just making a little hole right now because I don't know how big of how thick the bowl part is gonna be. So about that size so I'm gonna take the other piece which is easier to dig in and cut with or so I found so I gotta get it in like that. Then you should be able to work your way down. I'm not gonna go off that simple so that you can see how I'm doing it. I'm just cutting most of the way down the way of the can. Hold on. If you have scissors you can use those. Right now I'm at least you go get some. So I'm only using the can to make this bone and as you can see it's cutting pretty well. Between the two pieces of the tab from top of the so that you can get it. Then you want to go over. I usually do about half my three quarters of my thumb because where I put my other mark to do my hole. Between three quarters of my whole thumb pens, however it looks. Say I'm doing my whole thumb. That's the whole started on cutting it down. Try to make it go kind of towards the other end but not too dramatically you know. See it doesn't have to be it doesn't even have to be straight as I'm doing it here and then try to make it go. I'm trying to go along like a rather bowl. Then you've got to hold in back then kind of got to be smarter than the can and get cut across. Carefully you don't cut yourself. Kind of did with the last ball that I made. Didn't cut myself too bad just that we carefully. Careful. Then you can bet it down. Then you can tear it. See about that size. That was right here was just a mess up right there. So it's actually about like that size and that size. Then you can do whatever you want with that part. Then what you want to do is you want to find which side is smaller or if there isn't a smaller side you want to kind of make it so that there is one. So I'm doing it right now. It is I'm kind of angling my pipe my bowl. Damn. So you want to do this kind of so that it's not such a bitch to roll you know to stick into the hole that I made in the previous can right there. You don't want it to be too small or too big or anything like that. You want to just right. You don't want it to be a big gaping hole. What you can do is you can buy it on one side but make sure it's still ribs like that. Mine's good. Then you can keep rolling it. Put your pinky down in there just to make it more kind of a bowl. So this is like right now. So that's that. Then you want to take this one. You want to judge about how far you're going to want it. If you can use this already then use it. I can't. It's off to make a hole just a little bit bigger. So let's see. And then that should be it. Yeah. There's your ball and it took about six minutes, seven minutes. It's not that hard. I made it about to go user right now. So I'll post that video here in a bit.