 I'm in Ontario and Northbroke County and this region produces the most North American Jensen in the world and this Jensen is so popular that Asia buys most of the crop and that represents over 5 million pounds of it. Remy Vanduslike has been producing Jensen since 1993 like a lot of farmers in this region that you switch from tobacco farming to Jensen. Jensen is a native plant from North America? It is native to this area. Ontario, Quebec, Northeastern United States. Yeah, it's been growing here since I don't know who can remember. It's been growing here forever. It seems pretty complicated to harvest Jensen's. What are the steps before you have a root of Jensen in your end? Well Jensen is probably one of the most complicated crops to grow. You can see just the structure that we have to put up. And that's just part of the puzzle. Jensen needs to be grown on well-drained soil, hence the sandy soil we have here. It takes 3 to 5 years to grow depending on when you want to harvest it. You have to do a lot of management too. You have to keep it clean. It's very disease-prone. Once you put that seed in the ground, it wants to start dying. So it's up to us to try to keep that plant from dying for 3 to 5 years. Normally, we buy dry Jensen, but when the Asian market is buying it, they're looking for a small chunky golden roots with a lot of flavor, bitterness, and this is perfect. Our Jensen here, grown in Ontario, is the best in the world. Wow. Just because it's all of it's exported, we have people that come over here from China, Taiwan, Singapore that specifically want to buy this Jensen as opposed to any other Jensen. Just to prove it, that's why this industry has gotten so big over the last 10 years. It started out as a very small niche industry. Now it's over 5-6 million pounds with over 150 farmers growing this stuff in this area. And a reason why it's so good here, it's a site-specific crop. So we got the right soil, the right climates, and also the right farmers doing this job. And put that all together equals the best Jensen in the world. Just to Ontario, Canada is known for being the largest producer and exporter of North American Jensen in the world. It's great to know that nobody outside the country has ever been able to reproduce our level of quality. And that is why we are the best.