 Hi everyone, I've got an awesome DIY lined up for you today. This beautiful strawberry and rose tower is a perfect gift for anybody for any special occasions. It's also great to have at any party events such as if you were doing a DIY wedding, a baby shower, a birthday party, and endless, endless events that you can all think of. That only is something beautiful to look at and can also be a beautiful centerpiece, but it also tastes super good as well. Can't wait to share this with all of you and let's get going to this tutorial. The first thing that I did was take out all of the leaves from the strawberries and I used about 40 to 50 strawberries with the size of the tower that I'm making. Now you want to go ahead and melt your chocolate and you can customize your color to whatever you want your tower to be. You can definitely use a microwave, but I am doing a double boiler method here just to keep the chocolate warm. To make it easier for myself, I am taking a toothpick and I'm just sticking that into the strawberry and then I'm going to cover this with the chocolate and of course take out all of the excess and then I use a styrofoam basically from like an old appliance box that I got and I'm using that to hold these strawberries up. Put your own design on it or keep it simple whatever you want to do. This cone is about 4 by 9 inches but you can get smaller or bigger ones at Michaels. You can also get fresh flowers or you can work with big flowers which you see on the very right side. Now we just want to get those flowers ready and just clip the ends off. When working with real plants or real flowers, make sure that you get ones with no pesticides so you want to work with organic flowers. You can get them at whole foods or something like that. There's absolutely no right or wrong way to assemble your strawberries and flowers on this tower. You can definitely do a pattern or you can just do it randomly whatever way you want. I do suggest when you get on your second layer that you start pointing your strawberries and your roses upwards so that it actually covers as much of the cone as possible. I took an old candle holder that I had at home and then I just took a really cute plate that I placed the tower on and it became a beautiful stand for our strawberry and rose tower. This whole thing cost me no more than $25 and look how gorgeous and amazing it looks. I almost don't want to eat it. Don't forget to give this video a big thumbs up if you liked it and if you loved it, be sure to subscribe to see more videos like these ones. Thanks for watching and I'll see you all next time. Bye!