 Hi, I'm Tanya Steele, editor-in-chief of Epicurius.com, and you're watching Around the World in 80 Dishes. Today we're going to the beautiful land of Switzerland to make cheese fondue, and I'm here with Chef Henry Watt from the CIA. Chef, I understand that there's no better person at the CIA to ask about fondue than you. Is it true that you're actually from Switzerland? I am from Switzerland. Yeah. Growing up in Switzerland, educating Switzerland, and ended up in America. I see, and you've had some fondues in your life, I would imagine. Many, many. Many, many. What's the secret to a great fondue, do you think? Well, it needs to be nicely melted, nice and creamy. In Switzerland, we have the cheese, and the cheese is the base, and the cheese is the base, but in Switzerland, we use the cheese, and we use the cheese as well. But this is the most common kind. So when you're making fondue, it's important to use kind of hard melting cheese, right? Right. Like an emmentaler, and it's just okay. And they're both nice and stringy as we see when we make that fondue. Right. And that's what we want. Okay, well you're going to show me. Start me out. So we need to rub the parts with garlic. Okay. Try not to get burnt. And why do we do this? That gives you the flavor, and that's all we do, we have a clove of garlic, and then we just rub it, rub it, rub it, rub it. I see. In Switzerland, sometimes we use earthenware parts, as well. Right. And we cook it right in there, and then they will go straight on here. I see. Okay. So next will be the wine, and then it needs to come to almost like a simmer. And this is just regular white wine. This is white wine. Dry white wine, yes. If you have wines from Nusseltau, they're nice, fondant, Swiss wines are nice, but they're all dry like a shabby. Okay. We can start putting actually cheese in it. Okay. And we put a little bit of little of cheese in it, and we need to stir that with that one spoon. So why do we do it just little by little? Yeah, so we don't clump it up. Okay. So we start to melt it, and keep on going, keep on going, until all the cheese is in it, and then it needs to melt. Okay. And a lot of times we do it in a zigzag or figure eight. Really? Now why do you do that? I don't know. It's kind of, that's fancy. It goes with the swing, then. Like you're skating, you're skating. Correct. Now the slumps, that's what it is. But a lot of times you do the figure eight or six. I think the recipe says the exact. We just melt that really nice. And then we have melted cheese that is thicker than the fluid. Then we need to thicken the fluid up, so it becomes all one unit, nice and creamy. I see. And for that we're going to use kishwasher. Oh, kishwasher, the, the, the, the, which is that cherry brandy. And it doesn't smell good, huh? It's easy goodness. So do you let this come through a boil now or just about in order for starch to, to thicken, it needs to come off in time. I sure. So we can put starch in it, but it will not thicken. So we want to keep that up to a simmer. Okay. And then we added, and I added a little by little, just a little and just watch how thick it is. Okay. So we have a little cornstarch and we have kishwasher. And this is really just a thicken this, right? It's going to be, yeah, to thicken that in. And in a restaurant, you just have a big bowl of that stuff and you just a big little. And as it boils, you pour in when it's thickened up. Oh. So we're getting pretty much there. We can lower the temperature a little bit. We stir that up. Because cornstarch settles really quick. And we can add that maybe a little slower. Okay. And meantime, are you going to put this pot, light the fire. Is it important to warm the pot before you pour it in? Yeah, it's nice if it's a little warm. Otherwise the cheese kind of freezes right up. And this is basically ready to go. Does it do you think it's done? Is there a way to when you do it like that? It's nice and creamy, it doesn't separate. Yeah. You're ready to go. Okay. So I should just pour it in there. And then we serve that with bread and everybody has a fork. And usually it's nice French bread. Yeah. I usually put it in the soft. And then of course I make sure the crust holds that in. That's right. Oh, this smells so good. I can smell the cures. Everybody stirs. And then we take it and turn it up. And you kind of start doing it. Mm-hmm. Okay, I'm going to go ahead and try mine. Try that. As it simmers and goes on and you get thicker and thicker. Oh my gosh, I forgot how good this is. It's like a melted cheese sandwich on steroids. It's great. It's really great. And it's so simple. Well, chef, thank you so much for showing me how to make cheese fun too. I learned from the master. Great.