 Hey, so today I'm going to teach you how to make oxalic acid for cleaning off cortaminols. So oxalic acid is an acid so we have to take some safety precautions although it's a minor acid. So you're going to want a face mask. You're also going to want to my protection which I don't have so do as I say now as I do. So I'm going to put that on cover for skin. Also we should cover this up but as I said do as I say now as I do. You're going to need some distilled water. It's important that it's distilled so make sure that you have some distilled water. You can buy it at the grocery store. You're also going to need to buy some oxalic acid which you can order online or you can get it at a hardware store. It's a wood cleaner as well. So I have some powder acid here. It's a pound of it and I have a gallon of distilled H2O. Okay now don't use any metal in this process because the acid will eat down the metal. You want a plastic bucket like so and you want to remember to pour the water in first. So you're also going to want to put on some gloves. So I've got these big gigantic gloves and I get my water and I'm going to pour three fourths of it into the bucket. I have to say that's about three fourths. All right it's very important that you put the water in first. Okay this is science. If you thought you weren't going to use your chemistry that you took in school well here's a way to make sure that you put the water in first. Okay then you're going to take your oxalic acid powder or it in. And you'll see it bubble a little bit. Then you're going to want to take a plastic spoon or something and stir it and stir it for about five minutes. Make sure not to breathe in that. Make sure that you have a lot of ventilation going on. So my garage door is open right now. So I'm going to put plenty of fresh air going on. I'm also doing it outside. You just need to stir it for five minutes. Eventually you will have your oxalic acid. I'm just going to stop stirring for a minute so I can show you some crystals that I'm going to put into this. So I'm going to come back and I'm going to finish stirring this because I've definitely not done yet. How do we pull it all dissolved? But for example here's a piece of quartz that I mined covered in iron. It's been through a couple times already but I need to put it through again. So I'm going to put that into the acid once it's done stirring. I'm going to leave it for a couple hours to a couple days until all that iron comes off. You want to also make sure that you wash off any clear mud beforehand. I found this out the hard way. I left a lot of clay on and that's why I have to put this in several times to get it clean. It's a lot of work to mine crystals and get them to look pretty like you find them in a store. So keep that in mind. Okay, here you go back to stirring. But before that I'll say goodbye to you because you probably don't want to watch me stir for five minutes. So that's how you wash crystals in oxalic acid and how you make an oxalic acid mixture. If you have any questions feel free to ask and yeah have a good blessed day. Enjoy your rock hunting.