 Growing up in Ireland, baking was part of my everyday life. My mom was an amazing cook and she inspired me to become a professional chef. Since then, I have travelled the world, perfecting my craft and developing my own unique style. Whether it is over-the-top desserts or even single-serving microwave snacks, I like to say that baking is a science, but it's not rocket science. Everyone can do it. So follow my game-changing recipes and techniques and you will be a bold baker too. Hi Bold Bakers! Welcome to Episode 3 of my Bold Baking Boot Camp. Last week we did a sugar substitute chart, so in case you missed that video, make sure you check it out. This week we are making homemade gluten-free flowers. Now gluten-free flowers are a very common ingredient in baking and they add really nice texture to all of your recipes. Today I'm going to show you how you can make three of the most popular gluten-free flowers. We are going to start out by making an almond flower. Now into a blender picture we are going to add in some raw, unsalted, unroasted almonds. On with your hat, and then we are going to blend this up until it's really nice and fine. So for your blender you want to use a high-powered blender. You want to get something that really breaks up those nuts nice and fine. Now I tried making it on a quizzin art, but it keeps it kind of lumpy and not as fine as we want it. Okay so it's been under a minute and our flower is done. Now your flower will roughly take a minute to maybe two minutes. The one thing you don't want to do is blend it too much because then it will actually start to turn into like a nut butter and that's not what we want. Okay the next step for our almond flower is to pass it through a sieve. Now the reason we sieve the almond flowers is because you want to get it really nice and fine. And I have more notes about how to use these different recipes on my website, so make sure you go over there and check that out. And if you're watching my video for the first time, welcome and make sure you tap that subscribe button. Okay great we have this lovely fine powder underneath which is our almond flower. And then in the sieve you have the little lumps of almond. Now don't throw these away. You can snack on them or you can put them into smoothies, whatever you like, but just don't throw them away. So now to store your flower you want to put it in an airtight container that has a label on it. And you can keep it safe for up to six weeks, but if you want to make a last even longer I put it in the fridge so it stays lovely and fresh for whenever I need it. So our next flower is oat flour. Now oats are gluten free. However, read the back of your pack because sometimes they can say that it was milled in a mill where there are other flower products. And if that's the case it might be contaminated with flour, but usually it is just oats milled in a factory with just oats. So we're all good. So we're going to put this into our pitcher, pop on our lid, and then just like before blend it off until it's nice and fine and just like a flower. Bob's your uncle. Here is our oat flour. And I just like before we have to save this guy as well. Now just like the almond you will see some coarse oat meal leftover. You can cook that, do whatever you want. And then as you can see under here you have really fine oat flour. Look at that. Beautiful. Now I have recipes on my website of how you can use this. So make sure you go over there and check those out. Okay, so that's oat flour. Now we're going to move on to the next flower which is one of my favorites chick pea flour. So I love chick pea flour because it can be used in Indian bread, lots of different pancakes, cakes, all that sort of stuff. So into our blender we're going to add in some dried raw chick peas or goban goding. On with our hat and then blend these puppies up. Now the chick peas will take longer to blend off because they're hard beans so they'll take around two minutes or so. And that's why a high speed blender comes in handy because it really breaks them down well. Okay, so it's been two minutes. This guy is lovely and powdery. Now we're going to save him as well. Now the chick pea bits that are left over in the save you want to discard those because we can't use them. And then what you're left with is his lovely yellow flowers. Look at that. Smells really good. This is great for making like Indian flatbreads, pancakes, things like that. So there you have it. Three easy homemade gluten free flowers. They could not be simpler to make. I really hope you enjoy this bold baking boot camp. So stay tuned for next week or we're going to make dairy free milk. I'll make sure you check out all of my other videos.