 Hi, I'm Averpapa, a holistic nutritionist and healthy eating fanatic from NutriciusAmerica.com. Today we're going to have some fun with artichokes. So this is a traditional dip for artichokes and there's nothing more traditional than a creamy, garlicky eye-oli. So I'm going to make my own. I'm going to make a Myer lemon eye-oli, just a little bit different, a little bit of a twist on the classic. Myer lemons are a bit sweeter than regular lemons. There are more of a combination between a tangerine and an lemon, so it goes beautifully in this. Okay, so we begin with garlic because it's eye-oli and eye-oli needs garlic. So smash one clove and then you need to make a paste with this little garlic clove. So you just have to put a little love into that garlic and you need a good amount of salt. More salt than you think you should use because that's what's going to help turn this garlic into a little paste. Okay, so then you're just going to use the edge of the knife to really kind of force that salt into the garlic and it's starting to get juicy. That's what you want. So just keep going until it's all super incorporated and juicy. Okay, that's what I want. So that's going to go into the bottom of our bowl. Step one, step two is an egg yolk. So just the yolk of one organic egg, you want this gorgeous, bright orange yolk. None of those pale yellow factory farm dags. That is not going to make a good eye-oli. And then the juice of one-myre lemon. I just squeezed the lemon juice over my hand to catch the pits. That's the easiest way. Then the whisking begins. We're going to incorporate this part first. Here is where cooking becomes exercise. So I have a combination of grape seed oil and olive oil here. I'm going to need between half a cup and a cup. And this is a science. You have to go super, super, super slow. You need to be patient. You need to use your muscles. And I'm going to incorporate this oil until it turns into a manate. So let's begin. OK, so now that it's super thick and lost just and wonderful, you can just drizzle this oil in in a constant stream. Or just OK. I'm going to finish it with just a little bit more myre lemon juice. I know it's going to need a little bit more salt. OK, we just need to put this in our little bowl. Oh my goodness. That is deliciousness. I like to finish it with just a little bit of zest from the myre lemon. Just so people know there's extra love in this. It's not just Ioli. It's myre lemon Ioli. And there you have it. That's a traditional dip for artichokes. This is my myre lemon Ioli. Thanks for watching. I'm Abre Papa from NutritiousAmerica.com. Have a delicious day.