 Hey guys, thanks for stuff by Blistig BBQ. Today, pork chimichangas, two ways. Let's get going. Alright, so my main motivation for this recipe was simply dealing with a large amount of pulled pork I have left over from a recent cook. And I'm hoping this will inspire some of you guys to kind of get a little bit more creative with some of the leftovers that we end up with. So flout tortilla down. This is a big tortilla, use whatever size you have available. I have here the pulled pork. Basically what I did was I just simmered the pulled pork from the fridge in a skillet with some chipotle sauce. It's got a nice bit of heat to it too. So I'm just going to go ahead and put this on the tortilla. Alright, now typically here in San Diego at least a chimichangas going to be either beef or chicken. And it's going to be almost a braised meat. And it will have you know, onions and peppers and stuff in it. So we're just going to go with the pulled pork. The cheese will usually be served on top of the chimichangas that's plated. But I'm going to put it on the inside because I love melted cheese. This is wahaka cheese. It melts really, really well. That's what they use for its case of deas. On top of that, I'm just going to put a canned. This is a canned hatch chili that I had in the cupboard. Go ahead and get this rolled up. Alright, first one down. Let's go ahead and get the second one made. This one's going to be even simpler. Tortilla and I have here just some pulled pork that I simmered with a little barbecue sauce. Alright, got the big old wok out in the backyard on the grill. Heat it up with oil ready to go. Let's go out there and cook these guys up. Alright guys, have the 22 inch wok filled with canola oil. It's preheated ready to go on the Weber. Now sounds like an extravagant thing here this wok. I paid less than $40 for it at Restaurant Depot. You can find them on eBay. I've seen them. And if you have the craycourt, you just remove one of the grates and it will sit right in there on one of the quarters. It's really neat. I have a lot of fun with this. So before we get to cooking, I need to get these burritos ready for their jump in the glory here. What I'm going to do is fasten a toothpick into the tortilla just to keep them from falling apart once they hit this hot oil. Easy stuff. Like so. So we're going to go ahead and go with the first burrito. Just stick it on a ladle or something. Protect your hands. And immerse it into the oil. And we're just going to keep flipping these to make sure they get evenly cooked. Alright guys, and that's what we're looking for. Just a nice golden brown tortilla. Get these on some paper towels. Meach in the house. We're going to plate these guys up. Alright guys, I have two burritos to plate. Hope you stick with me on this one here. We're going to start with that Mexican version first. Very traditionally you're going to get a chimichang at a Mexican restaurant or a taco stand. It's going to be plated on just some shredded iceberg lettuce. Go ahead and lay that down. I've already removed the toothpick. Now again, at a restaurant you're going to get some, you know, like a T-head cheese or something sprinkled over the top. I've got all that. Wahaka and cheese on the inside. So we're going to go ahead and put some nice fresh guacamole down. Some salsa. The Mexican crema, which I love. Just regular cell cream will work, but you can see why I like this stuff. And there we have it guys. Gorgeous. Let's go ahead and give it a shot. Eating a chimichang is more like eating a meal. Don't just pick it up like a regular burrito and tear into it. See all that cheese melting? Wow. And all you need to kind of like a Thanksgiving dinner, I'll take a little bits and pieces. If I had rice or beans here, I'd dip it in there. Wow. So right now in the back of my throat, I'm getting here with that Chipotle sauce. It's a really comfortable burn though. It's not unpleasant. For me, I love fried. It's right in the back of my throat. A fried flour tortilla. There's just something kind of magic about it. You know, instead of like a corn tortilla that gets kind of hard and crisp, they get more light and crisp. And it's just a very good big fan of chimichang goes, big fan of flautas. Let's go ahead and plate up this barbecued version here. So in conceiving this particular recipe, I thought I would just kind of make it again traditional Southern barbecue. So what I have here is a very lightly dressed coleslaw. Lightly dressed just simply because I don't want to soak this tortilla too much. Put that down. Then I'm going to hit this just with some barbecue sauce. Again, I've got the barbecue sauce on the inside. Just to me, it just sounds at least like the perfect bite. And let's go ahead and take a look at this one. You know, crisp, crisp, flower tortillas. I just love that. Steam coming out right now. This is gorgeous. So let's go ahead and take a bite of this one. Give this a shot. Wow. Again, the whole thought of this is just going to take a little bits and pieces as that crisp tortilla, the pork, stab it into some of that coleslaw. Wow. Now I have the tell ya. I'm a huge, huge Mexican food fan. I mean, I grew up here in San Diego, just a rock stir from the border. But I have to tell ya of the two. It might just be my mood today, but I like the barbecue one best. And it may just be because I'm not used to this. But this is in my book, A Winner. I'm digging it really in that coleslaw, just adding a nice little touch. Anyway, guys, thanks again for checking out my video. I really, really appreciate the time you take watching them and making comments and everything. Hope to see you on the next one. Cheers.