 So at Dika and welcome to another episode of World of Thai Food. In this video, I will take you along to my aunt, Pallek and Uncle, Lung Tunes house, where I'm going to finally get my aunt's secret recipe for her famously delicious vegetarian de-fried Thai carry pops. My aunt is an amazing Thai cook and she always has delicious food ready whenever I come over. I know you're going to love this recipe. So now my aunt showing how to dice this sweet potato. So this is one of the ingredients of the carry puff. The secret recipe will give 400 pieces of carry puffs. She always used 2 kilograms of sweet potato and then the sugar for half a kilogram. My aunt didn't know that I can cut this thing to the dice. This is industrial amount. Normally I made the homey amount. We'll have some day for the 400 carry puffs. No, my aunt said we're going to make it to half portion. Really? Yeah. Because she thinks it's going to take a long time to do 400 pieces. I think so. I think so. Now we have the veggie cut ready. Both onion and sweet potato. Next we're going to do the filling. We're going to stir fry them for quite some time. And let's move to the kitchen. That's how she's measuring. So now my aunt just put 250 grams of palm sugar and 2 large spoons of fish sauce. And now heating them together in the pan. I will measure how much exactly the fish sauce for you. So we use 50 milliliters of fish sauce. Two tablespoons of curry powder. I'm going to put the sweet potato in to the sauce. And my aunt just told me that we don't need the water in here because the water from this sweet potato is going to come out after we fried it for some time. Let it cool down. So I mean don't get confused what we are doing because my aunt never measured the ingredient before. So I have to give her this measuring cup. So you know just to make sure that normally how much exactly she used the water and oil in the dough. So we use 500 grams of standard white flour and we use 100 milliliters of the cooking oil. Oh 100 milliliters of water. One teaspoon of sea salt in the water. Okay. Okay. We have to go back to use the bottle to do the dough. Because they actually technique. If you can see this, you can see through the bottle and you see the size of the dough while you are expanding it. If you use this one then you don't see the size while you are trying to expand it. Okay. So it has to be so cold. You cannot do it too hard. Okay. Okay. It's difficult to perfect it. You need to practice. I can tell. You need to be able to do it. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. It's so hot. She said do the hand like this. Put it on. You have this hole and you just put the filling in there. Just do it together. Okay. Make sure that the dough close properly. Okay. It's not going to get too hot. It's going to get too hot. Okay. it's too hot. Okay. Okay. Okay. It's not going to get really too hot. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. You're going to be a god. I'm going to get a lot of money. I'm going to get a lot of money. I'm going to get a lot of money. Can I get it? Good day. Come on. You know what you're trying? Beleg has the comment that the onion is a bit too big. Professional. And this is my husband. I'm filming it. We don't want your fingers on this. Too big. You need to make it really finely. Now you've learned how to make a batch of 2 to 400 Thai curry pops. Don't worry. I will break down the recipe to 100 pieces in the description below. If you like this video, please subscribe and hit the like button. Thank you for watching and have a spicy day. Bye. Try it. Is it good? Yes. It's good. It's good. It's good. Is that good? It's very good.