 Hey, what is going on guys? It's you logic and today I'm giving you guys a brief introductory update as to what I have going on with this plan project. Here I have two specimens of the rubber leaf plant. I have a piece of a branch and I have a leaf and I have a propagation project going on. Some really exciting stuff has happened just to give you guys like the necessary background for this. This has been a project going on for at least like three to four months but I'm just now receiving like a load of results. This comes from the same exact, well like, mother specimen or tree. However, like we have two very different results going on. What I used to do is I used to water it all the way to the point where like the leaf or some merge. However, I was getting no results on either of them. What I started doing, I experimented around just letting the water kind of just sit at that level and as you guys can see, there's a lot of like awesome growth going on. Let's see if I can get the camera to focus on this. There we go. A lot of awesome growth going on. This, this is called by surprise man because I wasn't expecting for the water level to have anything to do with the growth of the roots. If you have different results, if you have similar results, let me know because that was just very interesting to me. I would love to see if there's like any like proven correlation between water level and the growth of the roots. But as you guys can see, it's shooting up like crazy man. One really important thing to mention is I have no idea where it's going to go from here. I have no idea what I'm going to take it. If I'm going to end up like putting placing it in soil or just leaving it in the water. And then the branch is a different story. So yeah, as you guys can see, not so exciting. Camera to people want to focus because it's just like not gross. So I'm happy not exciting. I'm juicy, not going to like the video. As you guys can see, this branch has one leaf coming out of it. And this like shoot that was supposed to unfurl. Like it's just never done it. I think at this point, it was just stuck in stasis. You also have like these markings here, here and this should be also as well as here. And here. Now the story behind all of these, they also love right. They will all do it. This one specifically, I cut off myself so I can fit it in here in the first place. But the rest of them, they just kind of like dropped off. And this is the only leaf that survived. And they're doing really good as you can see. It's firm. There's nothing to like worry about here. They're doing really good. But just the rest of them were doing good. We do have like roots coming out, but it's just not as exciting as this for me. The comparison is like night and day. See, that's a quick update on what I'm doing. This isn't an exciting project for me, man. You never know what what what's your get with these plants. Like they the nature exhibits really different stuff. Old lady science, you know, she's a real, you got to hang on tight, you know, because she, she she bucks pretty hard. Depending on the situation. So we're going to see where it goes from here. All right, guys, so that's the first update. Subscribe if you're not already. If you're into plants, plant nerdy things, whatever, you know, press the button. Leave a like on the video, comment, share this with your friends. Until next time, peace. You was trying to know me when they didn't know me. I'm going to be friends with love, we both were that the mom. Wait before the rolling, you was just my homie. You were trying to love, I before I had it all. We were.