 Hey guys, it's me. Welcome to another episode of Sunday Treats. Today I'm going to be making something simple and very delicious. Smores! I bet lots of you have tasted this, some of you, and if you haven't, well you can make them because all of these supplies are in stores right now, everywhere so yeah. The supplies you will be needing for these and more are these honey made crackers. I got these honey made gherahams and nobody says down there the name, it's a weird name. Of course marshmallows, and you will also be needing some chocolate. This has six packages of chocolate inside. They're very easy to make and if you are going to be doing these more, you need your pens supervision because this might take some roasting and fire things. And before you do any of the stuff, make sure you wash your hands and I'll be using a plate so I can put all my smores onto the plate. So the first thing I'm going to be opening is my chocolate. So I'm going to open my Hershey's. So I just opened it. You can use any kind of chocolate you want. I'm going to be using Hershey's, so yeah. And we are going to take the chocolate bar out of the little baggie. And I have a place, so I'm going to place my chocolate bar on my plate. Now I'm going to open my gheraham crackers. So we have this and there's a few more in there. Let's take them out. There's our little baggie. And I take out a few and put them on my plate. Take that. Now, I'm going to use some more cheese and marshmallows. So these treats are really fun and easy to make and they're really good for summer. Everybody's making them. That's why they have them in stores right now. And I'm just placing my marshmallows onto my plate. And here is the whole supply. So you will be in need of the chocolate bar, your gheraham crackers and your marshmallows. And it's pretty cool. Look at the shape of these marshmallows. They're usually round but now they are like square shape. So first I'm going to be breaking my chocolate in half. Like this. And now I'm going to be breaking my crackers in half too. They have like a line so you can break them into a tube. So here's everything in half. So for the marshmallows. So first we're going to start with the bottom cracker. So there that is going to be my bottom part of my s'more. And now it's time to prepare s'mores. So the first thing we're going to put our half chocolate bar on top. Like that. And then you're going to have your marshmallow which is super squishy and put on top. And then for the final part you're going to put the top of the cracker on top. Just like that. And now I'm going to make another one. So first the bottom part. So we're going to put our other half of our chocolate. And then we're going to grab our squishy marshmallow and put on top. And our other half. And ta da! We have two s'mores that are prepared. And now so I'm going to put my half chocolate on top perfectly. And then my squishy marshmallow on top. And then my last cracker on top. Ta da! Let's make one more. Since I don't have any more crackers I'm going to get one more piece and break it in half. So I'm going to grab my bottom part. And you know my half her shoes. And put it on top of it. And then our squishy marshmallow on top. And then our last piece. The cracker. And this is how it looks like. There's a lot of different ways that you can make s'mores. Then we give you some examples. You can roast them like if you go camping which is perfectly how you do s'mores. Or you can make them in the oven. Or you can just leave them like this. Well guys I have a full plate of s'mores. They're all finished. I'm going to put them in the oven just for a few seconds and I'll come back to show you them when they're finished. They're going to be delicious. Okay guys after a few seconds in the oven this is how they look. Yummy and toasty. And I wish you could smell this. It smells super good. Super delicious. Now all we have to do is place our crackers on top. We're just going to put our cracker down and kind of squish it. Squish it. And we're going to do that in all of them. Did you hear that crunch? Mmm. Mmm. Look at our chocolate smelting guys. Mmm I think these s'mores are going to be delicious. And our last top for the last s'more. Perfect. So this is the final look. Mmm delicious. Well now I'm going to try them to let you know if they're good or not. Look at all that melting chocolate. Let's try it. Mmm delicious. I really like them. They're really good. You really need to make these guys they're really really good. One more bite. Mmm. Really good. Well guys that's it for this Sunday treats. I enjoy making these s'mores a lot. It's one of my favorite treats. If you decided to make these s'mores let me know in the comments and let me know if they're good to you. Don't miss my next Sunday treats because I have a lot of yummy stuff coming up. So yeah don't forget to subscribe, like, comment, share and I'll see you in the next video guys. Bye.