 Hello and welcome to the channel. If this is the first time you come across the channel, don't forget to subscribe by clicking on the subscribe button and then the bell icon to activate the notification so you'll get notified every time we place and you are tried and tested recipe. Today's recipe is simple and easy yet so beneficial for you, so beneficial for your health. It's safe to consume for both adults and kids. It's been used for centuries as part of a folklore remedy in the Middle East and it's been proven to help in a living eating many digestive and respiratory issues. To get started you will need three things, dried figs, pure cold pressed extraversion olive oil and a clean jar. You will start by layering the figs in a glass jar and filling the jar with olive oil until you reach the very top. It's best to leave some space at the top as the figs will absorb the olive oil with time and they will expand. So you need to make sure that you've left some space yet bearing in mind to immerse the figs in the olive oil completely. I'll close the lid and I'll place it in a warm and dark place for at least two weeks while the flavors infuse. After that I'll store it in the room temperature or in the fridge and you can start by eating one fig in the morning, you can slice it up, you can either that way or you can put it on top of your yogurt in brand, blend it up in your smoothie, there's no right and wrong way as long as you consume it raw and not heat it up. It's best consumed first thing in the morning on an empty stomach. There are so many health benefits to this recipe. Figs and olive oil are high in vitamins and minerals and they both help to cleanse the body internally and they're both high in antioxidants and when consumed regularly they both help in preventing chronic diseases. Figs are high in minerals such as iron, calcium, potassium, figs are also quite high in antioxidants and high in fiber and they aid in cleansing the digestive tract and colon and treat hemorrhoids and constipation. Both figs and olive oil have been mentioned in the Quran and they are stable in the Mediterranean diet, considered one of the most healthiest diets in the world. This plant encourages the body to get rid of accumulated toxins and also aids in memory, concentration and ignoreshes your cells. Give it a try and I'm sure you'll love the results. I'd love to hear from you in the comments below. As always stay safe and healthy and I'll see you in the next video. Take care.