gard Rachel Dr Gavin Bryan Michele Bj Rey H dot 1 oz ok, donc, Iím going to talk you through what we need for the vegan pancakes. First of all, weíve got some coconut oil, thatís extra virgin organic coconut oil, that smells amazing. Weíve got some soft-raising flour, this is an organic one and weíve also got some baking powder. Weíve got sugar, which is castor sugar, just a fair-trade castor sugar, so those are your dry ingredients. And then for your wet ingredients, you need twice as much wet ingredients for dry. So weíre going to put a cup of self-raising flour, so weíve got a cup of nut oil here, which is actually soy milk, because thatís what Iíve got in. And weíve got some Belilla extract and some fennel, yummyness afterwards. Weíve got blueberries and delicious Canadian maple syrup. So thatís what weíve got. So to start off with, we need to get over to the frying pan and melt a teaspoon or a sort of larger teaspoon of the coconut oil in the pan, but youíre going to use to make your little pancakes. So thatís a teaspoon going in. Ok, so I just move that over there, so itís out of the way and weíre going to lid and mash. Now my kids, oops, not that much. My kids have been making pancakes since theyíre really little themselves, so I kind of trust them with the flame, which is just as well, isnít it? So that been melting away. Whilst thatís melting, I will put all the dry ingredients into the bowl here. So as Iíve said, Iím using self-raising flour. Now you donít have to use a self-raising flour, you just need to use a bit more baking powder. But thatís what Iíve got in the cupboard, so Iím going to put a cup of flour in. There you go. A levelish cup of flour. And that goes in. And then that teaspoon of baking powder, whereís my teaspoon going? This teaspoon is still in the pan, so you can see all Iíve got over here and get that as we draw. Okay, so heís been at that. Okay, so Iíll move that over here. And then letís up to you how much sugar you put in. Now Iím up, weíre going to put about the spoonful in of sugar. Then just mix all that up. And make a well for your wet ingredients. And as I said, weíre going with the recipe that weíre doubling the amount of liquid, but if we just start with one cup, letís see what it looks like. Because you can always add more. Weíll just whisk that together. And the coconut oil is melting away. Iíll give that a bit of a whiz. Get it all melting. Okay, thatís good. You can put a bit of water in there maybe. I think itís that wet. All that kind of butter like, isnít it? Donít worry about the lumps. Theyíll come out as sugar-cream. Okay, letís put a bit more water in there. So Iíve just got a water jug over here. Letís move it across the pan of the camera. So Iíve filled up the cup. I donít think Iíll put it all in. Maybe a third of a cup. And the coconut oil can go in now as well because it has melted. And then you leave that to stand for 10 minutes. So this is me tipping in the amazing smelling, smelly vision. A bit good. I love the smell of coconut oil. Maybe thatís the coconut oil going in now. And we shall leave that to stand for 10 minutes. Actually before we turn the camera off, Iím just going to pop in some vanilla extracts because I nearly forgot it. Weíre going to just put half a teaspoon in, not too much. Maybe a third. Maybe just a drop. Letís see what comes out. There you go. Iíll put that much in. Can you see? Good. And equally, smells amazing. Oh, I love it. I love it very much. Okay. So thank you. Hang on. Weíll be back in 10 minutes. Okay. The batter has been standing for 10 minutes and you can see that itís a lot smoother now, without all the lumps. So Iím just going to turn that heat up on the gas a bit. And weíve got the remnants of the coconut oil in there. So just turn it up so itís nice and hot. And here the gas. You get a layer full of the batter. Just pop it in here. Mix so. And here it sizzling away there. Whatís that? Whatís that? Whatís that? And then itíll start to cook through. So basically, once itís cooked through on one side, it doesnít need quite so long to cook on the other side. So weíre not going to attempt to flip it in the air. Iím just going to wait for it and then Iím just going to flip it with a spatula. That can be tricky too. So these would be great for an afterschool treat because every day is pancake day. Or I might just have a pile of them for my lunch. But weíre going to have them with maple syrup and blueberries today. But equally lemon and sugar, the old fashioned way is just as nice. And so letís see how that is doing. It might need a little bit longer before I attempt to flip it. But itís coming on really nicely. So itís still slightly wet on the top. And be really careful with these cast iron pans, although theyíre lovely to look at. Theyíre a bit hot on the handle so you donít need a cloth. So Iím going to try and just flip that over ready. So that looks really good. So it wonít take so long on that side to cook. Letís see how itís coming on. Okay, nice. So Iíll pop that on the plate. And then make a pile of pancakes on the plate. Iíll bring the leaves of plate now. So thereís one. Actually, shall we just put some of the milk on the pile of them? But what we could see is just make it just try this one. See how it is before we make a pile. So a bit of maple syrup. Very American. Some blueberries for some vitamin C. Looks delicious.