 Hi everybody, welcome to my channel. Today I am making Cheats and Rolls and Pigskin and Red Sobs. I buy my Pigskin fresh from the butcher. It was only $2.16 and it made enough for two people. I don't know, so I am doing this new series with my husband and I let him take the menu for this week. So you can see a lot of his favorites. This is a backly, what it sounds like. It's a pig skin that's been fried. It's a delicacy. It's a snack and it's a meal. So let's get started. I start off by breaking down the chicharon into bite-sized pieces. You can buy chicharon in packages already cut up. So if you do buy the package, chicharon, then there's no need to break it down. I'm just checking it, making sure that the pieces are bite-sized. Alright, so in this particular recipe for today, I'm only using one jalapeno because I love chicharon and I like the spice. If it was just my husband, I would totally put like six jalapenos just for him. He likes it extra spicy. I'm going to add half of onion, chop it up, mix it up, pretty good. There's no need to be perfect. All this is going to break down in a sauce. You'll see later. Alright, so get a dry pan. Make sure it's dry. And add your chicharon. I like to do this step. I don't know if it's off-sintic step, but I like to do this step. I like to just roast or toast the chicharon before I start the recipe. I've always done this when I've made this dish. Alright, so I got a really huge can of whole-pilled tomatoes. I'm going to use four. And I'm going to reserve about a cup of the sauce from the can of tomatoes. And then you just chop up the tomatoes. Really, really, really good. And as you can see, I have ninja skills that no one can. I'm going to teach you one day. Alright, so I'm just using my hands to toast these things. They started to smell like a half like a Mexican store. Oh, so good. Just awesome. Make sure they don't burn because the first chicharon is not good. It's not a good look. I probably should use my hands. Don't do what I do. Just do what I say. Alright, put the chicharon to the side in a bowl. And that chicharon that just failed, you best believe my doll probably ate it. Alright, I didn't pick it up. There's the chicharon that was showing you how toasty and how the grease started coming out of them. Ooh, those would have been good right then and there. Alright, so in the pan, I'm going to do what only Mexicans can handle. Probably not me though. Because I didn't handle it very well. I'm putting a cut-up jalapeno in a hot pan without the fat on. This right here will kill roaches. This almost killed me. Okay, so I'm just frying up the amines and just cut the jalapeno. I had to put in the tomatoes because I was soaking and they got worse. The smell got worse. I think I'm coughing and so I had to add the water. Even after adding the water that mocha's still in the house, I finally turned the fan on. Yeah, that's about, I don't know, maybe it just cups the water. When you add the chicharon, the chicharon is so poor that it's so, it's so, it's so good the water. So you gotta just keep adding water throughout the dish. I'm adding like a tablespoon and a half of galbola that's the mate. It's a tomato bouillon basically. And I'm using these ajo bouillons. I don't like to add fresh garlic too much chicharon. I like the powder or you can use these cubes. And I'm going to use two. They're equal out to two cloves. If you use fresh, you can add that. So I'm adding the second one and then you stir that up a little bit. I added water throughout this whole cooking process about two other times. Just so that you know. Alright, so add your chicharon and stir it up really well. And you're going to see how it just helps up the water. The chicharon is so salty that if you add water, it never, like you won't, you won't have to add salt or any more. It's a bit too salty because it's so salty. You see I'm adding more water. Alright, so I started this meal with frijoles, Mexicano. I'll link that recipe down below. This is what it looks like when it's done. There's just a little bit of cow dito, a little bit of sauce. And as you can see, the chicharon is like, I don't know, out of the sky, I guess like a flimsy, becomes flimsy. I don't know, you just got to try it to know. Some people can't handle that texture, but I can. It's okay my husband. But that sauce right there is so good. Alright, so this was my husband's plate. I served it with flour, thirtieth. And here's my boo thing. Ian, he just got out of work. And I always have his plate and his soda ready. And there's my baby. He's like, it's so good, it's so good. Yeah, he finished that. I was like, he finished it within like 10, not even 10 minutes. But if you like this recipe, give it a thumbs up and subscribe. I really appreciate all of you that comment and others reading the comments, so leave me one. Alright, thank you. Bye.