 Okay, so we are going to make a self-watering tray system. These are fairly inexpensive, probably about five, six dollars a piece, and you can make a whole bunch for really cheap. They're very simple, and they use just the basic WIC system. So to do a flat, like a standard greenhouse flat, you need eight, 16-inch strands of clothed line, cotton clothed line, and you need to pull out the synthetic insert portion, which is... Just like you grab in there and pull it out. Throw that away or use this for something else, it's like twine. And then you got your cotton strand. Along with that, you need a piece of... this is called Pilon, P-E-L-O-N. It's like a cotton wicking material, it works very nice. And this is going to be your capillary mat. You also need four pieces of PVC, or something equivalently sized to hold the bottom tray at the bottom inch. And you'll see that in a few minutes here. So after you're cutting your Pilon and your cotton rope strips, you'll need a drill with a quarter inch bit, or three eighths works. So you got that right here, you'll need a tape measure, permanent marker, and hold some scissors to cut your supplies. So you need to put holes into your greenhouse flat for the cotton clothed line to go through. And I like to alternate rows. So second row, fourth row, and then over here's the opposite. So third row and fifth row. So these will be where the strips will run through, and you just need to do two sets on each side. Okay, that's easy enough. From there, you're on your cotton clothed line through the holes. So it's kind of sticking out the bottom like that, both sides. And you do that with all the... every single one. So all eight strips will be used. Okay, then once you get all those in, you put your Pilon on top, the capillary mat, and get your bottom tray, PVC sections. I like to alternate just like with the rope. These are going to hold the top tray up. So this is where you water from. You put your water in this tray. And then when you set this tray in there, these cotton clothed lines will wick the water up onto the capillary mat, which will bring it in either the pot you want to use, or the soil-based material. And it just kind of sits on top like that. Whenever you water, you just lift this corner up, or corner up, that way up. So PVC pipe, and you're good to go. So there's two ways you can use this. One, you can imagine this as your soil. You just put your soil in there, and you go your plants out of that. Another way, which works very well, is to take a pot or something, and run some wicking material through the bottom of it. You can't really, there's roots on this, but this is Pilon. I ran through the bottom, and the strips, they're about four inch strips, and they go halfway up into the media. So the whole thing gets nice, and moist, and keeps it at perfect field capacity. And you just set these, like that. And if you get them, they'll fit, they'll fill the whole thing up, and then I use these to start seed. So I'll start my lettuce and these plant, and these, and I'll take them and transplant them to somewhere else, or I'll move them out of there. But it's a great way to start seed, because you can control the moisture content, and you can kind of walk away and leave it and let it do its thing. So that is the self-watering tray. This concept can be applied in many, many different situations, and pretty much any size. You can use Fabio on buckets, you can use gutters, trays, a gutter with a gutter on below it. The top gutter could have media, and the bottom gutter could just have the water with a wicks come through. Yeah. And this is the self-watering tray system. Assembled in 20 minutes, half power, you can make a bunch of them. Works really good for lettuce, and greens like that. I'm also growing peas. Here, these are peas, grinding the self-watering container. The roots can kind of grow down into there a little bit. You can see that. And then down here, this is lettuce, like I just showed you. This one right here. Just like the top pea one. I use pea one for the cotton strip, or the cotton glowsline goes in the one I just showed you. And the pelon kind of falls apart, you can see it pretty much not there. So I have to rebuild this one with the cotton glowsline. You can fill a seed chart up with these, and you can put in a considerable amount of lettuce out. This is about a month into it, and this is during winter, so they're not as cold near, 60 degrees. Which they like, but it's not very fast producing.