 Hey crystal blessings to everybody! I said I would try to get on video or pictures of something of I talked about on Facebook these crystals that I found packed away in a dirty dirty box in the corner of the science lab that I work in and I could just feel their joy in being rescued and found and they're bliss at having their beauty on earth again. So I just want to show you real quick. They're kind of on the large side and this I really wasn't sure what I had at first and I knew this was muskabyte. This is muskabyte here. There's like two layers. It's actually like kind of like an ice cream sandwich. We have a layer of quartz and then a layer of muskabyte and then a layer of quartz and a layer of muskabyte again and it's really good. I can see why the teacher wanted this piece because it's really good at demonstrating the layering that goes on within the veins of mother earth when these things grow like look right here. You see here we have the quartz and then muskabyte and then quartz and at first I wasn't sure if I had quartz here or calcite because see how you have like this rhomboid right here. Calcite actually grows in a rhombohoid rhombohoid hydrolysis. In a rhombohoid crystal system as you can see here in this piece I'm well tired right now. So I wasn't sure and there's one surefire method to determine if you have calcite to check to see it because calcite comes in lots of different colors just like quartz does and you can see there's hematite all over this piece of orange markings. So in order to determine if this was indeed quartz or calcite well calcite is a calcium carbonate and it will effervesce or fizz when exposed to a weak hydrochloric acid and so let me show you here this here's the acid being put on it and nada nothing happens but put this down because I don't want to. So here's a little hydrochloric acid on the green calcite and you see in here in the throthing. See that and that's because we have the calcium carbonate there reacting chemical reaction with the hydrochloric acid. There's this one and this one I knew it was a granite and then you I don't know if you can see the pieces of garnet in there. They're little which says that this was a slow cooling but not too slowly cooling piece of granite because if it cooled slower the pieces of garnet would be larger because see that they would have more time to grow. So the slower the lava would have cooled or the magma would have cooled the larger the crystals would have been and you see these shiny black slivers in there that is actually black by a tight mica and it's really nice this would this polished up would make an unbelievable piece of granite and there's so much garnet in here. This actually had the price tag on it from 20 years ago and it was a $30 piece so nowadays it would be quite considerably more. There's a lot of granite in there I don't know if you guys can see all that it's absolutely beautiful. Okay and then this is the piece there is this stance. Looky looky there's a sparkly cave in there. Hello anybody in there? Hello I was calling this a fairy cave. Any fairies in there? Hi! This is what's really great about this is for the meditations that I do the crystal meditations. See how there's like a light colored thin part of the roof right there you can see my finger brushing across there. This is the cave I visualize when I do a crystal meditation that I'm going into a cave of made of the crystal that I'm trying to connect with and that there's a roof kind of like a sun roof at the top that's not completely open but that the sun can filter through just like you can see here so that was really interesting really really interesting so this is a quartz geod cave here. Look at how pretty it's just this gorgeous cream colored white quartz inside there and it goes and you can't even see the end of where it ends up but this is the outside of the piece and what's funny is the teachers and you can see the the end of the cave right there. The teachers that found this box called me up immediately of course they're going to tell me about it and there were other pieces in there but these were the nicest ones and they were like there's a bunch of rocks in here what do you want us to do with them should we just throw them outside there some of them are kind of sparkly you might want to come see them so I come see them I'm like throw these outside what although not that that would be a bad thing you know I mean putting them outside but without somebody realizing what they are and appreciating them for what they are and and having them in the possession of somebody who can appreciate them for what they are I was just like oh sacrilege what are you talking about okay so that's it I just wanted to show you that real quick and I'll put a link down below on another video I did on identifying identifying minerals in case you're interested okay now I'm gonna stay