 Hi guys, it's me Danielle Monet and welcome to my kitchen. Today we're going to be making pancakes that are super easy and super vegan. So, we are going to start off by mixing all the dry ingredients, which is 1 cup of flour, 1 tablespoon of baking powder, 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract, 1 fourth teaspoon of salt. Dump that in there. Give that a quick little mix. Perfect. Now we're going to add the wet ingredients. 1 cup of almond milk. Give that a quick little mix. 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract. So it's going to give it a little bit of flavor. Perfect. Now we also need an oil. You can use 2 tablespoons of any oil of your choice. I'm using coconut oil. And since coconut oil is usually hard, I had to cook it on the stove for a little bit. We're going to do 2 tablespoons of coconut oil. Then we're going to mix it up. It's a good consistency. I think we're good to go. Let's just get this over to the stove and start making them. Okay, let's get cooking. We're going to spray some coconut spray so it doesn't stick to the pan, keeping up with the coconut theme. All right, let's drop these yummy little morsels. Okay, basically you just want the pancake to start to bubble a little bit. Once it bubbles, we're flipping. So growing up my mom used to make pancakes all the time. She did not like eggs. You just need baking powder. That's what kind of keeps it together. I taught myself how to make my own pancakes without eggs and just almond milk and you're good to go. That makes it vegan. It's like a mixture of vanilla and coconut for breakfast. I can't argue with that. Boop! Beautiful. Ready. Flip! Perfect. Pancakes are done. This happens to be coconut butter because I love it so much, but you can use any kind of non-dairy butter. It's a little bit of maple syrup. Then we're going to top it off with just a little bit of sweetness, some bananas, and chocolate chips. If you don't like bananas, you can use any sort of fruit. I mean, strawberries or blueberries are in season. I would definitely recommend that. I threw some chocolate chips on them. I put some butter. I put some maple syrup and a little bit of banana, but you could use any sort of toppings that you'd like. Now we just have to make sure they're good. Andrew! We need someone to test these out, but don't worry, you're not going to be alone. You're going to try them and you're going to be honest, and we're going to get a thumbs up or a thumbs down, but you're not alone. Ready? Cheers. I'm going for a chocolate chip. I'm going to just add a little bit of the slice in here. Oh gosh, that's a big bite. I'm not ready for a big bite. Yeah? Boyfriend approved? All right, let's see. They're actually good. Thanks so much for watching you guys. I hope you enjoyed your pancake recipe. It's super easy, super vegan. If you have any tips or tricks or if you added something, comment below. All right, I can't wait to hear from you guys and stay tuned next time. Bye!