 Hey there, it's Paul Mark from Transant Coffee. Again, and continuing with our How to Become a Coffee Connoisseur series today, we wanted to talk about grinding and weighing. One of the things that's really important, obviously, is your brewing, and one of the things we encourage all of our staff to do is to, or not staff, I mean, our customers to do, is essentially to invest in a small scale. And a kitchen scale doesn't have to be fancy, doesn't have to be, you know, one gram increments if you can get one that does better than one gram increments, great. But it's important that you have a scale because rather than just guesstimating or using teaspoons, like so often is a situation when it comes to brewing coffee at home, we want you to weigh it. The secret formula is simply 60 grams to every one liter of water, right? So it doesn't mean you have to brew one liter of water, use one liter of water for brewing all the time, but that's your ratio. 60, 60 grams to one liter. So if you're doing, you know, three quarters of a liter, then you're at 45. So zero out your scale, and measure it out. So there I've got 45 grams of coffee. So I typically I brew three quarters of a liter at home in the mornings because that's all I have. The other thing that's critically important and is often overlooked and is probably one of the most important things that you can have in your kitchen in terms of increasing the quality of coffee that you brew at home. And that's a grinder. Many of you are buying pre ground coffee and that's not great because you'll remember last time when we were talking about freshness in our amatics, if you pre-grind your coffee, you've now exposed that coffee by a thousand times oxygen, which is a staling factor, and it's starting to go down. So you want to grind fresh right before you brew, and a conical burr grinder is obviously best. Many of you may have blade grinders at home, the little woolly blades, and what the problem with those is they just pulverize the coffee into dust. That's not really great. This is a pretty good home burr grinder. It's a conical burr. It's made by Beratza. It's a virtuoso. We sell them, I think they're around 240 or 250 or something like that. If you don't want to spend that much money, there's a there's entry-level machines as well, either on our website or go to your local soup and grocery store, or not grocery store, but shopping mart, like the bay or wherever. You can find conical burr grinders. It's important they do a much better job at grinding the coffee. So in it goes on it goes it's really loud. It's really loud so I'll turn that off. And what you've guys, your freshly ground coffee, which goes into either your pre-wedded filter for a home machine or into your French press or whatever. So again, just to very quickly wrap up, grab a scale so that you can be accurate with your measurements, 60 grams to one layer of water, and get yourself a great grinder. If you want to make great coffee at home, the first place to start, the most important piece of equipment in your house is not your burr at your grinder. So if you have to make a decision and you only have so much in terms of a budget, go here first. All right, until next time when we start to actually brew some coffee and show you how to do that, have fun and remember, drink less more often.