 This is a girl, my name's Rob Boy, in this episode I'm gonna do black and fish, right? So I have some nice white fish, it's a drum fish here in the South Carolina or tile fish, whatever you want to call it. It's very good to white fish. You can use any kind of fish, you can use whichever cod or halibut or grouper or anything or work for this. There's lots of recipes on the internet to do this, it's real simple. But I just want to show you, I have some melted butter right here, about two tablespoons or so, maybe three. And I'm gonna go ahead and base these with butter. You know what I can also do? I'm not afraid to do this. Just put it in the butter just like that. I want to put them really nice. Now I already put some butter on there. I want to use that because that's pretty nice. They're all the way around it, since it's gonna give us our nice sear when we get into the grill. So I'm gonna go ahead and finish buttering these up. And it's left over a butter, I'll probably put it inside the iron skillet. Now on the grill. So I have the butter ready to go. So the next thing I want to do is, I'm gonna use the black and red fish by Chef Paul Perlou. This is really good. I have some other friends that like to use this and I've used it. There's the adorance. You can make your own black and red seasoning. It's really easy to do. There's tons of recipes on the internet. I like to coat it pretty heavy because I like a little kick to it. The more you put on a little spicier it gets at the end of the day. I'm gonna get both ends, all four ends of this fish here. I'm gonna give it a little cooler, really nice. Just like so. I'm gonna go ahead and place it up here. I like it. Again, pretty heavy. And this butter is gonna be nice with it as well. I'm gonna go ahead and finish these up and then get ready to go up to the grill. I'm out on the grill and I heated up my iron skillet inside the grill to get a warm. There's a little bit of butter in there. Olive oil as well. I'm gonna take the bigger pieces here. Put them in there like that. Since they're larger, I'm gonna let those cook first. I'll put them in the smaller ones. I'm gonna get that blackened on one side about four minutes and then I'll go ahead and put them over. It's been almost four minutes now. I'm ready to flip these. You can see the smoke. You want to cook this outside. You could do it inside, but I bet your smoke lines will go off. So look at that nice black conditioner. Sorry, I'm cutting these pieces into ones here. But that's beautiful. That's exactly what I'm looking for on this dish. So I'll let this cook another maybe three minutes. Because it's not high. I need to smoke it a little piece. It's been another four minutes. I'm ready to pour these off. And I'm gonna stick them all my grill right here. Just to keep them warm because I have a few more to do. But that's it. So that's how you black and fish. It's real simple. The seed is great. You can make your own. But do whatever fits for you. But definitely cook this outside. Subscribe to my YouTube channel and get the recipe at citygirl.com.