 I'm question of a peanut butter. Yes. So what are you going to be able to see in a better way? What? Should they get creamy? Ah! Mom, you're going to be a peanut butter? What? What? I'm kidding. But I'm kidding. What? What's in the peanut butter? It's really good. What? It's really good. What's in the peanut butter? Today we're making hot pot. I'm making a recipe that my dad used to make growing up. I've got a couple of friends coming over. Tonight it's just the ladies. Two of them, Mary and Hannah, they actually own an amazing dumplings shop in the East Village called Mimi Changs and they're going to bring over some dumplings for us. Hotpot is pretty much what it sounds like. It's a pot of hot broth and you dip meats and vegetables and starches like noodles into the broth to kind of cook it and then you beat it. And it's delicious. First we're going to make the broth and we're going to roast bones. I'm going to roast that with a bunch of different vegetables. So we've got carrots and we're going to quarter this onion and then this is dicon. It is a radish. So I peeled the dicon. We're just going to cut into two inch cubes. I normally buy my dicon at Asian markets. Asian supermarkets are the best. You can pretty much find all sorts of weird crazy things in there. It's also just fun shopping in Toronto. Brings me back to my childhood. And I'm also going to take two inches of ginger and slice it up and you don't have to peel it because we're just roasting it. We're going to prepare our roasting pan. So we've got two pounds of beef bones, a pound of pork bones and a pound of lamb. So you can actually just go to any grocery store. You can ask the butcher at the counter for just bones. And right now a lot of people have rediscovered bone broth and this is essentially bone broth that we're making here. We're going to preheat the oven to 450 and we're going to cook it for about 30 minutes. And throughout those 30 minutes you want to kind of stir it. Okay, we're going to pop this into the oven. So the bones are in the oven roasting. You can hear it sizzling actually. In the meantime we are going to finish off the rustling ingredients for the broth. We're going to take some celery, cut it into two inch pieces, a whole head of garlic, I had to use some of it for something else so it's just half a head but that's fine. We're going to just cut this in half and put all of it into the pot. This is half a cup of dry shiitake mushrooms which you can buy in Chinatown. Black peppercorns, two bay leaves. I like to crunch them up before I put them in to release the flavor. And then three tomatoes which I'll just cut into six. Once the bones are done roasting I'm going to put all of them in here. You want to cook the bones through so that's a little bit caramelized and you start getting all of this nice juice and oil to come out. We're going to deglaze the pan with rice wine so we make sure we get all of that goodness. Okay, you want to pour that in here. So next we're just going to fill the pot with water and you want to cover the bones. Bring it up to a gentle boil. Once it's at a gentle boil bring down the heat so that you can start simmering the broth and then you want to just leave the cap on just a little of jar so that has a little bit of breathing room. I would suggest cooking it for at least six hours and up to 24 if you want. Last night I slaved away and made a broth so that we didn't have to wait to eat hot pot today and as you can see it has really cooked down and the meat's gotten soft, the vegetables have gotten soft. Mmm. Yeah, this is really good. You can taste the diced corn a lot. I mean I cooked this for about eight hours so it's definitely nice and flavorful. The next step is to drain everything out of the broth. Okay guys, siv time. She's a spoon to kind of help some of the broth through. There's going to be a lot of leftovers obviously all the vegetables and the meat because the vegetables have cooked down so much they're not that tasty anymore but the meat if you wanted to save that, feel free to. You can save it later for a little snack. Last I'm going to season the broth a little bit, some generous handfuls of salt. Mmm. Oh my goodness, look at this. I hope it's good. I'll see you guys people coming over soon. Oh yeah. Mmm. Wow. I really taste it. So now that your broth is done you can start getting ready with your kuchamons. Dipping sauce is a very important part of hot pot. So we are making two sauces. One is a sesame peanut sauce and then the other is a more traditional saja sauce. Saja being like a Chinese barbecue sauce that's used a lot in Taiwanese cooking. You can buy saja at any Chinese supermarket. It's really delicious. The sauce kind of adds another element. So we've got sesame seeds, cilantro, white rice vinegar, soy sauce, peanut butter, ginger, sesame oil, honey, garlic, and hot chili flakes in one. It's going to first toss in a quarter of a cup of sesame seeds. So I know what I'm doing. Okay, next we're going to put in just the rest of the wet ingredients. Two tablespoons of soy sauce, tablespoon of the rice wine vinegar, tablespoon of sesame oil, tablespoon of honey, two cloves of garlic, two tablespoons of ginger, and then the juice of one lime, a quarter of a tablespoon of chili flakes. And then we're going to add the peanut butter in slowly. And then cilantro. Just going to mix all of this together. Sweet. And this sauce can go over anything. You can put this over noodles. You can use it at a salad dressing and like a slaw. I'm going to make a really traditional sauce using a raw egg and some saja sauce. You can just use the raw egg straight up, too, as a sauce and condiment for your hot pot because the soup and the food is hot. It'll kind of like cook it a little bit. So you want two eggs, some scallions, and then a quarter of a cup of saja. You definitely want to get under the oil. We always have like a big jar of this at home growing up. So this sauce is a little weird, but I promise it's absolutely delicious. So when I set the table, everyone I will have their own bowls and plates and little bowls for sauces. And then this will kind of just be out for the picking. I'm going to walk you through all of my favorite add-ins for the hot pot. Obviously, you can do whatever it is that you want, but these are what I grew up eating. So we've got water crusts, which is I find really delicious because it has like a bite to it. And cabbage, which is pretty traditional. Inoki mushrooms, some shiitake mushrooms, fried tofu, these weird looking things. I don't know, like the Asian equivalent of a meatball. This one is made with fish, and this one is made with beef and beef tendon. So cellophane noodles are made out of beans and peas. This one in particular is made out of green beans. This is taro. This is amazing. It's found a lot in Asian cuisine. You've got some sliced beef and some thinly sliced pork. You can go to your local butcher and ask them to slice it very thin for you. This is squid. I found this at the Chinese supermarket. I just love that the way that they've cut that. And then this is shrimp. And you want to definitely get shrimp with the heads on it because that adds a lot of flavor to the broth. Hot pots are really, really great ways to entertain a big group of people because one, you can just like have the food sitting out because it just like constantly stays warm within your hot pot. And it's like pick as they go and it's a very social, interactive, fun way to gather friends together and enjoy a meal together. I know. Woo! Wow! No two hot pots are alike. So you do all the vegetables first in me and then at the end when you're done eating, you put in the noodles because the noodles are so, so, so, while they're soup. Yeah. But teach them. Yeah. For me, I would put the noodles in first. Yeah, the noodles in the napkin cabbage. Yeah. I'm going to be really Asian right now. I'm going to take your stuff. I'm going to be Asian right now. I'm going to be Asian right now. I'm going to be Asian right now. I'm going to be Asian right now. I'm going to be Asian right now. So they're a couple different methods that you can use to cook hot pot. You can get an induction burner and put a regular pot on top of that or you can buy a traditional hot pot set up from any Asian grocery store. And it's kind of like a built-in electric pot. To get the recipe for my hot pot broth, click the link below. Thanks for coming guys. As a closing chair, I wish you a gombay, which means dry glass in Mandarin. But thank you for coming. Thank you. So I called my dad. I texted him. What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? Right? I was like, what does that thing called? See, only there are the only people I communicate with on that. Am I slouching? I don't think so. My mother would be very upset if I. My tiger mother would be very upset if I did that.