 Hey, friends! Hey, everyone! Thank you so much for tuning in and cooking with April on Tasty Tuesday. Today I'm going to show you how to make clotted cream with blueberry scone. So I hope you guys enjoy! Let's start out with the clotted cream. I'm using a stand mixer, but you can use a hand mixer. That's heavy cream and sour cream and some powdered sugar. You're just going to go ahead and mix those ingredients on medium to high until it creates a whipped cream like consistency. It should look like this and you're ready to put in a container and refrigerate. That is clotted cream. Now let's work on our scones. We're going to have flour, granulated sugar, salt, baking powder, and baking soda. We're going to sift those ingredients. As always, all the exact measurements are in the info box. Now you're ready to cut in the butter into the flour mixture. You can use a pastry cutter, you can use a food processor, or you can even use your fork like I'm doing. In another bowl, you're going to place heavy cream and egg yolks and you're going to whisk those ingredients together. You're going to pour the heavy cream and egg yolk mixture on top of the flour mixture and gently stir those ingredients together. Now you're ready to add your fruit. I chose blueberries, but you can add cranberries, strawberries, blackberries, or even chocolate chips. Just mix that. Once I have a dough, I'm going to place it on a pastry mat and I'm going to fold it and I'm going to turn it into a circle shape. Then I'm going to flatten it out just a little bit. Now I'm using a pizza cutter to create slices like a pizza. They're going to be triangle shapes, but of course you can make it. Squares shapes are even circle if you like. Place that on a baking sheet on parchment paper and you're ready to bake in a preheated oven that's 375 degrees for about 20 minutes. Cool on a cooling rack and enjoy with plotted cream. Okay, taste test. Are you ready to try? Oh man. Oh that's a big ol' one. Oh sorry, I'm going to make it a little smaller. I just wanted to get one with the blueberry. And the plotted cream too. Okay, here we go. Ooh. Oh my god, that plotted cream is so good. I love it. I love it. Oh my god, it's such a perfect combination with the scone. This is definitely such a great breakfast food. I feel like with a cup of coffee or some tea or something. I think it's traditionally eaten with tea, right? Yeah, we went to this place called Chado I think. And it was like a tea house and they had plotted cream with scones. And I was like, I need to learn how to make this on my own. And so I did. Actually, we were mentioning in one of our vlog videos that we didn't have any blueberries. We couldn't find any. And we went to literally three stores trying fun blueberries because I was like, you gotta have blueberries' tones because that was the best thing. It is amazing. It's delicious. I hope you guys try it and see you guys next time. Bye!