 The God of the Man Hey, Mom Everything Come on, come on, come on So Christ, day for the first time ever Why is he going to get his... my mom? My mom is a genghis on stuff Yeah, and uh I'm gonna make pancakes Hopefully my sister doesn't come Hopefully he doesn't Okay So guys, if you've guys seen on the number of the video We're going to make cookie-juck pancakes But I hope we can So guys, my mom kept talking for 20 minutes Okay, laffers Oh God What? Shush, shush So you guys are going to make hungry-juck pancakes You're going to need some butter You're going to need some butter Some ssignol Now we're going to make some of them cheap things Oh no Nice, so guys um I then are going to make some hungry-juck pancake mix Oh, the waffle mix The waffle mix The waffle mix I don't know what it is Okay, um Okay, to get the butter, where's you going to get the butter Get a spoon Scoop it up Put it up to... Let me see Put it up to 70 minutes Okay, it's getting a little bit of butter Okay Then you have to shake it around Then while we wait for the things to dry Then just going to get the spoon Ah, okay, do you still get the kids spoon No need the balls for now You didn't get a ball for that to get the ball Okay, let me take it So officially we are done With this Okay Okay Okay Okay, so now this is taking butter Gonna need a spoon to mix Okay, wait a second Oh, it's face time So we are done with most of them Sorry Hey Okay Okay Hey, it's not Okay No, it's not over the hand Where is the color? There Okay, so guys, no, I'm gonna get milk First of all You need that much of pancake mix Guys, you guys are gonna fly in the middle So then, you need a milk Milk Not a little bit Okay It's a little bit of a little bit of milk Okay Is this a little bit of a little bit of a little bit No, fry the little bit of a little bit of that sound It's a little bit of a milk Yeah, it's gonna be a little bit of a little bit of a milk Yeah, it's gonna be a little bit of a milk Okay Okay, one more One more I'm gonna get the milk from the package It's gonna be a little bit more Gollia cualquiera But what's going on? Yeah, I'm gonna get the milk Yeah No, it's gonna be a little bit of a milk No, it's gonna be a little bit of a milk That's it Okay And I need a little bit of a milk No It's gonna be a little bit of a milk Yeah, it's gonna be a little bit of a milk Yeah Okay Okay, so I'm gonna get the milk Okay, but how much is this? Okay, but how much is this? Okay, but how much is this? Okay, but how much is this? Okay I'm gonna get the milk from the package Hello How are you? Look Hi Have you been playing with me for like 50 minutes? It's kinda nice Allah, Allah, Allah Sal Gao, Allah states in Italian OK, bye bye, and Britael, not only that, but hoop Arena, Papa Dia'i Saara Okay, baby, it's okay. Okay, try not to say, try not to say because it's not. I don't feel like it's going to be more churretta. Do the only thing that makes you more than 20 churretta and it's going to be much better. Mm-hmm. Yes, it's going to be much better. Mm-hmm. Do you want to eat it? I don't want you to think, my mom. I want to eat it, my mom. Okay, and when you use more, how many churretta do you have in this package? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay, now, I'll show you how to put the churretta. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh, okay. Now, I'll show you how to put churretta. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Very good. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Exactly. No, no, no, not spying. It's going to be good. How much is the rickshaw there? They are not something. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. No, okay, they are not something. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, no, I'll do it tomorrow. It's going to be much better. No, no, no, I'm here, it's 7 p.m. I'll take it out and eat it. No, no, no, I'm not going to eat it. But you have to be in the middle, don't catch it. Hello. Can you guys go and continue? There's a piece of syrup. So you guys are going to get some syrup. We had a whole new trick syrup. But, bye. Done it? Okay, it's good. Ah, let it. So you guys are going to be my name is The Gaming Wolf. Please, because my brother is coming up. I need you to let that hold me. Also, guys, my father's birthday is coming up and he died. And his funeral is coming up. I will do a YouTube video of that when it comes. No, it's a good day. You're fresh. Okay. Yeah. Hey, go. Okay. Okay. Okay. No, I don't want to go. Come on. Come on. Come on. Cuvitos no mal querigan calme. This is the bar. Me, eh. Chacha. Bar. Que tenga un toro. El toro una bar. So this is the bar. Debre, te re. That's the front. Subé. No, Subé. Eh. Dale. Miralo ahí, miralo ahí. Los camaron, dale palado. Subé. Subé. So, Subé. Soave. Dale pal. Oh, Dios mío. What? Okay. Soave. No? No, se jamón. No. Dale, auro mal, auro mal. Baby, uno más dale palo troado. Ah, no, dale palo troado. Sí, mi vida, que tú tienes la campa para mi papo troado. The pinkie is bright done. Miralo ahí, miralo ahí. Now let's go do a text test. Miralo ahí, a loco el depuede. Do it my mom, cause it's too bad. Okay. Let's do a text test. Go. Mmm. This is amazing. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. I'm a good pinkie master. Mmm. That was amazing. That was good. Yeah. Come in.