 So I'm here with Brian Sagawa out at Sagawa in Woodland, Washington, and we're going to be talking about Wisteria. You know, Brian, there's a lot of, I think, trepidation with gardeners about Wisteria. So let's see if we can clean some of that up. First of all, you guys have some lovely varieties here. Well, first of all, there's Japanese varieties, Chinese varieties. It's always good to get grafted varieties. Just so they can be pretty much true to the color. Blument, they're consistently going to bloom every year with proper pruning. There really isn't any mysteries or what to do and what not to do. I think we always just recommend all customers, just some hard pruning, no later than say the end of June. July, cut that all off. Well, and also another reason for grafting is because they bloom sooner. That's correct. You wouldn't have to wait for a long time. They're going to bloom. We have some that are two, three years old and they're already just loaded with it. Yeah, these are now. You mentioned pruning, which I know is a big confusion for a lot of people. These are covered in bloom. They are. As you can see, you know, you're pretty much, it's like kind of like fruit trees or anything else, grapes or anything else. You're going to be doing promoting spur wood or the flowering spur wood, same thing on the West area. It's all that new growth. A six, eight foot of vinyy, 20 growth, they always comes up prune that off by the end of June and you're going to always promote a lot of flowers on this. So you're really, you're saying that if, and now if you want it to get larger and fill in like an arbor or something, you would of course let some of that go as you do. That's right. But you're not going to get the blooms as much. You wouldn't. You want to cover your areas such as whatever structure can be, you know, we don't recommend to the house always post in wire or that way if you ever need to paint or work on your structures, you can have the vine away from whatever it may be. But very easy to grow, you know, just, they're pretty much twine right in there. You don't need to really support them. They just kind of twine their way in. They're all on their own. Well, I've always had, you know, one of the other misnomers I've heard a lot is that Wisteria gets so heavy that you have to have this huge dirty thing or else it'd break at a part. Less than wires, yes. They can get very, very heavy. Yeah. So she went, you get all the leaf, the foliage, fully leafed out. It can be heavy. It's just very great. They do get some sizeable trunks on them. Oh, yeah. Now, one of the things I noticed over here of Brian is you've got some tree formed ones as well, which, what's the difference with those? Well, these would be, I would like Wisteria, but I don't want to train them to anything or attach them to anything. They kind of like what you do like a tree rose or anything else. Five and a half foot up. Basically again, you're going to be trimming off all that growth, three foot, four foot, six foot of 20 growth. You prune this back to the size of the tree and it just develops a really nice, nice, small, informal flowering tree. They really, and so you really could just contain the size of it to what you really want it to be, every year. Very much so. Container plant, great tree for the containers too. Absolutely. Absolutely. Not looked for a container tree, but it's an excellent one. Well, you know, there are so many different kinds of varieties of them out there. And as you said before, all of yours are grafted so you, they'll be blooming in no time at all, if not when they purchase them. If you have any other questions, I certainly invite you to take the very short drive from Portland up to the Woodland, Washington, beautiful Segalas nursery. Talk to Brian and his wonderful staff and find some of the Wisteria that will work just right in your yard for you. Thanks a lot, Brian. Thanks, William.