 Today we're sealing me inside a phone booth to answer a question on every internet forum ever. If you put a dehumidifier and a humidifier in the same room, which one would win? Today's competitors are two of Amazon's highest rated low-cost machines. The mist air, ultrasonic, and cool mist humidifier, and the ProBreeze PBO2USD humidifier. We've given the humidifier a running start so that we can really soak up and see the humidity before we let the ProBreeze compete. A comfortable range of humidity is anywhere from like 30 to 50 to 60%, but we've been running the humidifier for a few hours. And according to our meter, we're heading over 90%. I want to get this to like 99 before we turn on the dehumidifier. Because these machines take a few hours to work, I'm going to have to hang out here and see how high the humidity gets. So I guess I'll just chill out. Our humidifier can put out 5 ounces of water an hour. Whereas the dehumidifier can only suck in 9 a day. This is what vaping is. Alright, we're at 93 right now, which is a lot higher than it is outside the room. But without cranking up the heat, I don't think we're going to get a lot more water in here. So it's time to turn on our dehumidifier. And wait a while. Wait a while. Wait a while. Wait a while. Wait a while. Wait a while. It looks like we put a little too much faith in our dehumidifier. Now, it's been working hard. It's pulling a lot of water out of the air. See, right there. It's still nothing next to what the humidifier is putting out. Still, just as humid as it has been, 91 right now. And that's not entirely fair because we gave this a few hour ahead start. So we're going to turn it off and give the dehumidifier a chance to catch up and win back our trust. Alright, buddy. You did your job. Take a break. Sorry to give you this mess. I know you didn't ask for this. You just wanted to dehumidify a normal room. This was a lot. We gave the dehumidifier an hour and a half on its own. And it is not making this room much less muggy. We're still at 87% humidity. That's still 10% more than it is outside the room. At this price point, you're going to get a lot more power out of your humidifier than your dehumidifier. You need to dry out a room. You're going to have to spend a little more. So I'm calling it humidifier wins. Alright, you and I, we're going home. You're getting recycled.