 Amazing 6 Benefits of Drinking, ICT. ICT provides all of the same benefits as regular black tea, due to its concentrations of caffeine, polyphenols, catechins, antioxidants, vitamins and minerals. Unthweetened ICT, or those served with lemon or lime, tend to be the healthiest varieties, as they contain fewer calories and sugars, while also adding more antioxidants and nutrients to the beverage. 1. Weight loss efforts ICT is low in calories and low in natural sugars, when unsweetened, which can help you in your weight loss efforts, particularly if you are used to drinking sweet sodas and other sugar heavy beverages. ICT can also help you feel full and refreshed, without adding to your daily calorie count. 2. Chronic disease There are powerful compounds in black tea called flavonoids that have been directly linked to the prevention of cancer and other chronic diseases. Flavonoids act as antioxidants, meaning that they can seek out and neutralize free radicals that cause oxidative stress and tissue inflammation. 3. Immune system The antioxidants and nutrients found in tea are known to stimulate the function of the immune system, making it easier for the body to defend against pathogens and infections. Some bottled forms of ICT also fortify their mixtures with a scorebecacid, vitamin C, which can further increase the strength of the immune system. 4. Bone health With significant levels of manganese and fluoride in black ICT, this summertime beverage can help you protect your bone mineral density and prevent the onset of osteoporosis. Fluoride is directly connected to preventing tooth decay and strengthening the enamel of teeth, but it is also present in the rest of our bones and is integral to keeping our bones strong as we age. 5. Heart disease As mentioned above, flavonoids present in ICT are excellent antioxidants, which can help prevent a number of chronic conditions, including cardiovascular disease, by reducing the tissue inflammation in the arteries and blood vessels of the heart. 6. Diabetes concerns If you are drinking unsweetened ICT, the compounds found in black tea can actually help to regulate blood sugar levels, decreasing the body's insulin resistance and making life easier for those suffering from diabetes. Nutrition facts of ICT standard ICT-black tea contains low levels of potassium, dietary fiber, manganese, sugar, caffeine, fluoride, flavonoids and various other antioxidants. Other types of ICT, such as green tea or herbal teas, will have different nutritional profiles. Thanks for watching this video. Please like, comment, share.