 Hi, welcome to Katie's Playtime. Thank you so much for liking, commenting and subscribing on all my videos. Now today I had a request from three people. I can't leave it. I have Veronica Lynn, L.E. the elephant and Medha Patel to make fake poop. Oh my gosh, what a great idea! I can't wait to make this and guess what? You can eat it again. Just like my fake blood video and just like the fake snort video and now we're doing the poop. Great idea guys. Thank you so much for sending this request through. I cannot wait to get started. So what you need is some chocolate syrup. I use Coke, crunchy peanut butter. You can have smooth but crunchy is a bit more like poop. We've got rolled oats. You can use rolled oats, quick oats, whatever one you like. And my secret recipe is just a piece of greenie bread and I'm not going to use the crust. I'm just going to use the bits inside because I think they'll look a bit gross. So also you need your bowl and I've got my Katie's Playtime bowl and a spoon and you also need a bowl that's microwaveable. I've used a brown bowl out of my kitchen because of the poo. I thought it would look, you know, the part being brown and also some scissors and some freeze bags or sandwich bags or anything that you've got at home. I've got freeze bags so we'll see how we go with that. Okay, so your first thing that you need to do is you need to get your peanut butter and I've got the crunchy one. Yeah, and I'm going to do three tablespoons of that. One, two, three. It's already looking like poop like. But we've got to make it brown. So let's add some chocolate topping, give it a shake. Yeah. Ooh, okay, ready? We're going to do three tablespoons again. One, two, three. That aside, give that a mix. Look at that change of colour. Okay, so you can see it's changed the colour of the peanut butter. And so once you've mixed the two ingredients together, we're then going to add our roll notes. We're going to do maybe two tablespoons. One, two. And give that a nice mix. It actually looks quite yummy. Okay, and then we're going to then just get our bread and I'm just going to tear the crust off. And I'm just going to break little parts up. So we're not putting the whole piece in. We're just going to put, you know, little drops in. And I'm just going to add a little bit more chocolate sauce and just a drizzle, not too much. And it comes out fast as one. Please go a little bit more of that brown colour. Okay, and so now we've mixed all of our ingredients. We're now going to move it into our brown bowl. So grabbing our brown bowl. Now we're going to put it in the microwave for about one to one and a half minutes. Just place your bowl in the microwave and we're going to put it on for one minute and thirty seconds. Ooh, it's ready. Let's have a look and be careful the bowl might be hot so we'll just see if it is. Oh, no, it's nice and warm. Okay, let's go and see what our poo pus made. Okay, so we've made our poop in the microwave. It smells delicious. Nothing like you would smell in the toilet. That's for sure. Okay, let's get your freezer back. So you only need one. We'll open that up and now we're going to scoop our poop up into the bag. Just like we do when we take the dogs walking. Okay, we'll just give it a mix first. Ew. Smells quite yummy. Alright, let's scoop it up and put our poop in our bag. Now be careful it is warm, like quite on the hot side. So be careful, maybe just leave it to cool for a little while. I'm just a little bit impatient because I really, really want to see what our poop looks like. But be very careful when it comes out of the microwave because it may burn you if it's too hot. So depending on what type of microwave you've got and how hot it becomes after a minute and a half. Okay, now we're going to squish it down into one corner. Still quite hot because I can feel it heating up on the bag. So be careful. But now we're just going to make sure we've got the corner there, push it into the corner and then we're going to do a knot. If you had as one of those bags that have a zip on it, you can just do that. You don't have to do the knot. But I don't have any of those. So I'm using a freezer bag and that's why I've done a knot so it doesn't come back up the other end. All right, are we ready? I'm just going to do a nice, massive poo right here on my dining table. What do you think? Cut that corner off. And are we ready for some poop? Ready? Okay, so because my poop is quite hot, I'm going to wrap it up in a tea towel because I do want some steaming poop but I don't want to burn myself. So I've wrapped it up in the towel so I can squeeze it. Are we ready to poop on the table? Are you ready? Oh, my bag broke and there's a big lump of poop coming. Oh, yeah. Oh no. Oh, that's disgusting. Oh yeah, that is one massive poo. So gross. This is so disgusting. I did make my own poo. So I don't know. It's a bit grainy. It's a bit gritty. It's a bit nutty. I think I have to eat this. I'm sorry, but I'm just going to get this massive turd right here. And thank you to who was it? Veronica, Lynn, L.E. the elephant and Medha Petel. Thank you for suggesting me to make my own poop. I'm going to eat it and then I might prank my sister. What do you think? It's actually quite nice. A little bit of healthy. A little bit of smooth and a little bit nutty. But I think it's a winner. Don't forget my secret ingredient with the flots of bread. OK, so now I'm just going to... The poo has now cooled down, so now we can mold it. And I think I'm going to trick my sister with this. But I tell you what, if I do, I'll put a photo up on Instagram. How's that? With her shock. Her shock for the con her face. So don't forget my Instagram Katie's playtime. And then, yeah, you'll see my sister all shocked. What do you think? How does my poo look on the table? Does it look real? I'm not sure if it looks real, but we'll soon find out when I trick my sister. As soon as she comes home, I am going to trick her and I will put a photo up on Instagram of her so shocked that it will be so funny. But if you follow me on Instagram, then you'll be able to definitely see her reaction. But thank you very much again for all your requests. Thank you Veronica Lynn, L.E. the Edel Elephant and Medhab Patel. I really, really appreciate you throwing your request in to make edible poo. Excellent, quite yummy. But anyway, don't forget my secret ingredient, which is your piece of bread. And don't forget to like, comment, and subscribe. And I'll see you in my next video. Thanks for now. Bye!