 In this video we will be demonstrating how to refinish a bathtub and tile combination. As always be sure to take proper safety precautions and use chemical resistant gloves, a breathing mask, eye protection and ventilate the work area with a few exhaustor. With a single edged razor blade scraper, scrape down the tub area thoroughly, paying special attention to areas under the soap dish and around the drain. Wipe out all scrapings with a rag or paper towel. Using a razor scraper, remove any rubber or silicone caulking. Sremic tile grouting can simply be cleaned with pumice and Ajax to remove any sober dirt. Thoroughly rinse everything with water. We will etch the tub and tile surfaces. Using sure bond etching cream and a clean sponge, begin working the etching cream into the surfaces, starting with the back wall and working your way out. The etching cream should stay on the surface for about 20 minutes. Remove the etching cream with a scrub pad, beginning on the outside and working your way in. For etching tiles and some acid resistant tubs, use sure bond extra strength liquid etch. Try the tub and tile surfaces thoroughly with paper towels. You can use your compressor's air hose to blow out any excess moisture. Using the SP29 white speed filler, simply fill any deep holes, chips or imperfections in the tub surface. For leveling low areas in the tub, use the SP31 filler. Attack cloth all areas to remove any dirt particles. Thoroughly sanded using 220 wet or 80 grit dry sandpaper to remove any chalky residue from the etching process and to smooth out any of the chips or imperfections that have been filled. You will not get a good bond when applying the finish if there is any residue left on the tub surface. Using half inch or 3 1.4 inch masking tape, simply tape off the perimeter around the tile and floor where they meet the tub. Using a portable masking machine, place paper around the walls and floor. Prep the surface for spring by wiping on seal lock 2000 clear primer with a painter's cheesecloth or soft paper towel. Only a light clear finish is necessary. Allow 5 minutes for seal lock 2000 to dry. Begin by mixing 6 ounces of primer based M16000 with 2 ounces of primer hardener. Occasionally some reducer may be required. Use x98 fast dry hardener is needed, 5 to 20 drops per cup. If applying a slip guard surface, you will also need to mix 2.5 ounces of catalyzed topcoat with 2 teaspoons of skid text powder. This will be rolled on the tub bottom over the primer before spraying the first topcoat finish. The spraying of the primer coat should be done using 2 light coats in a pattern spray style. You will develop your own spray pattern style over time, but you can refer to MonroeProducts.com for our suggested pattern spray style. Roll with a clean tack cloth after the primer fully dries. Next using a roller, simply roll on slip guard bottom protection to the tub floor as needed. Here, we can see the finished slip guard application as well as the completed chip repair. You will begin by mixing up 10 ounces of ultra-glace 2000 topcoat base with 2 ounces of M15000 hardener and then adding 2 to 3 ounces of solvent thinning the solution is needed. Thin the materials is needed throughout the application. Using the same spray pattern used to apply the primer coat, spray a light coating of finish onto the tub, being sure not to overcoat the corners. Heat about 15 minutes for the surface to dry. Use X98 fast dry hardener to speed up dry times if needed. The X98 fast dry hardener will change the normal material pot life from 1 and a half hours to 45 minutes, in most cases where the weather is 75 degrees. You should be able to touch the side of the tub without your fingers sticking to the surface before continuing to a second coat. Next, spray a second heavy coat of finish using the same spray pattern as before, giving special attention to the corners. Let the surface dry about 10 minutes and spray a final touch up coat if needed. The tub should be allowed to dry for 24 to 36 hours prior to pulling off any tape or paper. Finally, recock all seams were required. After the cock dries, the newly finished tub will be ready for use. Push the surfaces with soap and water before using.