 This is sauteed chicken breast, seasoned with thyme, and finished with a small sauce that we made by deglazing the pan. At the end of today's session of the complete home cook, you're going to know how to make this magnificent dish. Hi, I'm David Beck. This is the complete home cook. Today we're going to prepare the most basic additions. We're going to saute chicken breast, which we've seasoned with some salt, pepper, and thyme. I've chosen this dish for a couple of reasons. First, I want to illustrate that even a relatively simple dish such as this is absolutely delicious. And secondly, the technique that we're going to use today, sauteing, in this case, chicken breast, is appropriate for any of the tender cuts of protein. So watch the video, go to thecompletehomecook.com, and look for the recipe, and get yourself into the kitchen. And I think you'll find that this is the best chicken breast that you'll ever have had. Here's the secret. Properly executed technique, create rich foundation of flavors and marvelous textures. The herbs and spices that we'll use only highlight this foundation. We're going to prepare today's recipe in two stages. First, we're going to saute the chicken breast, which is delicious in its own right. Secondly, we're going to deglaze the pan, and prepare what is referred to as a small sauce, which is one of the most flavorful things of all of cooking. The small sauce is going to elevate this relatively simple preparation to the level of fine dining. You can serve this to come with pride. Here's a bit of fun regarding the term saute. For our purposes, sauteing is to serve food in a relatively hot pan in the scant amount of oil. The word sautee comes from the French word sautee, which means to jump. The French technique of sauteing, is to cut food into small bits, and then sear it in a small amount of oil, tossing the pan thus to jump. The food is then finished in liquid. Our technique is actually pan-frying, but somewhere along the way, everybody decided that sauteing sounds a lot more elegant than pan-frying. The sautee is the workforce of the modern kitchen. It's versatile. You can use it for tender cuts of meats, whole-treat, it's excellent for fish, and it's completely appropriate for vegetables. That's quite a range for a single cooking technique. Also, sauteing produces rich flavors as the surface of the food browns and what is described as the Mayard reaction. This is the combination first described by Louis Commieuille Mayard in the year 1912, and it refers to the combination of amino acids and sugars as they brown and relatively high heat. We'll be returning to this process again and again as our series progresses, because the Mayard process produces some of the most powerful flavors in all of cooking. Another compelling reason to saute is speed. Sautéing transmits heat through conduction. The surface of the food is actually in contact with the pan, with the oil acting as a conduit. Because we use relatively thin cuts, cooking happens very quickly. So sauteing is the ideal technique for getting a meal on the table after a fast-paced day. Success with any technique depends on three things. You have to have the right ingredients, you have to have the right equipment, and you must execute the technique properly. First two ingredients. Sautéing requires tender thin cuts of protein. Because the technique is so fast, it is not going to tenderize some of the tougher cuts of meat. Secondly is equipment. These are omelette pans. The most useful ones are 10 and 12 inch. One is stainless steel with a heavy bottom, and the other is a heavy aluminum nonstick pan. I use the nonstick for fish and starches, like potatoes and squashes, for just about everything else I use stainless. Stingless browns better than nonstick. And the development of the brown surface on both the food and the pan is a tremendous boost of flavor to the final preparation. You might be afraid of your food sticking in the pan. Here's the secret. When you've heated the pan, and then heated the oil, when you first add the food, in this case protein to the pan, it will initially grip the pan. But left out a stirg for a few minutes, it will release itself. It's kind of a minor cooking miracle. Here are the steps necessary to success for the saute. Dry the food, season the food. Hot pan, hot oil. Presentation side down first, eternally once. If necessary, finish in a hot oven, 350 degrees, for about 10 minutes, while you, optionally, de-glades the pan. With all of that said, let's look at our ingredients today, and then let's start cooking. The ingredients are ready. Let's start cooking. Let's start cooking. Let's start cooking. Let's start cooking. Let's start cooking. Let's start cooking. Let's start cooking. Let's start cooking. Let's start cooking. Let's start cooking. Let's start cooking. Let's start cooking. Let's start cooking. Peel and cut into pieces. Peel the 하면 finely. schonmenguer alfenggow頭.auravlang laughs. Peeled theهmenghorkr i han a small chives and green onion and red beans. Cut half boba mix. Now we'll let it cool for about 20 minutes. Oil is boiling, so Principal pig sesame is boiling so let's start cooking. Holidays It's perfect. It's moist, it's tender, just as the chicken breast is supposed to be. The time flavor perfectly enhances the basic chicken flavor. It's exceptional food. Okay, here's your assignment. As I said in the beginning, watch the video, go to thecompletehomecook.com, find the recipe, get into the kitchen and prepare this wonderful time-cended chicken breast. I guarantee you you'll be stunned in how delicious it is. Meanwhile, don't forget to subscribe. If you like this video, hit the like button, share it with your friends, and forget to say, leave some comments. I enjoy the interaction. I'll answer as many of the comments as I can without that interaction. I'm just a guy alone in the kitchen talking to a camera. So I'll see you next time. Meanwhile, get into the kitchen and cook something.