 So a lot of people ask me what is one thing I do to sort of keep energy throughout the day and be the healthiest version of myself that I can be. And I really swear by this, I do green smoothies, I drink them every morning. It's wonderful, it's great fiber, it's good to get your veggies right off the bat. So don't worry about it so much, it's great for picky eaters. My husband, one of them hates vegetables, but he will drink this smoothie. So I swear this will work for everybody. And I wanted to show you how I make it. The first part of this week's making is we want to pour some water in first. Pour just a little bit in and then you take your thickest green, which for me is the romaine. So you want to cut it up and you don't want to cut it up that much, just a little bit. Pour it out a little bit like that. And then I like to do spinach, now spinach, I think it is sort of a master food because it is so much protein, there are so many vitamins, so much fiber, it's filling, and it tastes really good. And we do the cucumber. The cucumber is 96% water, so this alone will keep you super hydrated throughout the day. And it tastes really good. And celery also very, very hydrating, but celery gives you a natural sodium so that you can retain all of these nutrients. And then it goes into the fruit, so fruit makes this taste good, otherwise it will just be a bitter smoothie. So apples always great, the expert chopper blended well, did that on top. And then I love pear, pear is one of my favorite things. And then I cancels out almost all the green tastes, also very filling. Another thing is spirulina powder. So if there is one supplement, I can tell you all to take, it's spirulina powder. It is alkylining, it is like super food for your blood, your oxygen, and your cells, it's amazing. So I pour this in here. And when it's, when you put it in with a bunch of vegetables and fruit, you don't taste it as much, it can be a little better to taste. So it's like hiding, I hide soup, super nutrient in this smoothie and no one will come as I'm doing it. Great. And then lemon is the magic ingredient, so you want to put lemon in because lemon cuts all the taste. Pour a little bit more water in at top. Step top on. Done. That is it people. That happens too. Oh, it's an adventure. What's really awesome about this smoothie is that you can sort of tailor it to you and what you like. So if you like more fruit, which is a big request in my house, they really like more fruits. Sometimes I add more apple, sometimes I put in berries. And there might be kale is a great special to put in there. Some people do Swiss char, some people do all kinds of things. You can get super creative as long as you keep, I think, your base of romaine and spinach and one fruit and then you can get creative and do whatever you want. Here we are ready to serve. Cheers. Thank you guys for watching. And if you tried this recipe, if you make your own green smoothie at home, please, I actually really want to know what you think. So tell me below, comment, let me know and tell me your creativity, how you make it and if you add something different, I can let them do. Bye.