 Hi, I'm Jen from the Chronicles of Home. We're in my kitchen today and I'm going to show you how to clean a white farmhouse thing so it is gleaming like it's brand new and it takes about a minute to do it. You need three really easy to find simple painting supplies. Here they dish soap, antibacterial wipes and Barkeeper's Friend which is the magic ingredient. I love this stuff. This is not sponsored, I'm not being paid to say this. I use Barkeeper's Friend almost every day to clean something. If you don't have this in your house, you need to have this in your house. It works on pots and pans, it works on bathtubs, it works on stings, it works on stainless steel appliances, it eats awesome. So let's get started. So just to be really scientific about it, I'm going to actually use the soft watch on my phone to time how long it takes me. I'm pretty sure it takes about a minute but let's do it for just a minute. So, start. Alright, take your dish soap. Do a generous swirl around the sink. Grab your Barkeeper's Friend. Sprinkle that around. Sort of generous application of Barkeeper's Friend. Then grab your antibacterial wipe and start scrubbing out the sink. It helps suck you down a little bit of water in there too. Well, according to my very scientific timing of this sink cleaning, it actually took a minute and 52 seconds. So I was a little bit off in my estimation. I guess it takes closer to two minutes though I was chattering a little bit while I was cleaning it. It probably usually takes me about a minute and a half. So we could say it takes about two minutes, it takes about one minute, either way. It's really quick. It's really easy. I think it's really important to keep your sink clean especially if you wash any dishes in there. I really like to know that it's sanitized so I'm not washing my dishes in an nasty German sink. So if you have a sink like this, even if you don't have a sink like this, get this a try. It's so quick. It's so easy. It makes a huge difference. And I love the way a really clean, shiny sink looks in a kitchen. It's kind of an easy, easy upgrade without a lot of work. Thank you so much for joining me today.