 Hey guys and welcome to my kitchen, I'm Julia. So I was getting closer and closer hopefully, so today I'm going to show you guys how to make a delicious ice cream cake and that is going to be my favorite vanilla cake. Top with some vanilla ice cream and some strawberry ice cream. So let's get started. My oven is already at 150 degrees C, convection oven, if you don't have convection then have it at 170 degrees C and I also ordered a spray from baking tin here. I have some part in here as well and I think this here is about 25 centimeters in diameter. So yeah, but one of which is for my cake here is some of the butter, some flour, one egg, sugar, milk, and extra baking powder, salt and some water and I have already showed you guys so the main time is how to make homemade ice cream and you don't have to choose vanilla ice cream or strawberry ice cream, you also have chocolate, new web star show, whatever you want in here. Just the right amount to use about two liters of ice cream because all the ice cream just makes this cake here so it's in my spheta. So first up I'm going to mix all my dry ingredients, so in my flour, sugar, salt and baking powder. Just give that a very quick whisk. Just like that and now just in with all my wet ingredients so in my melted butter and yes this here is how easy it is to make a cake better and this here is really my favorite millicates so it's just the most and delicious but now in my egg, my milk, water and vanilla extract and this here is very good quality vanilla extract with the seeds in because I just find it to be so some more delicious and well-tasting but you need to use one without the seeds in that is really up to you. And now I'm just going to mix this here together until I have a delicious cake better and then I'm going to pour it into my baking tin and bake my cake in the out until it is done. It depends on how you oven it and also my oven sometimes this cake here takes 35 minutes, sometimes it takes 45. So I'll say around those two numbers but just check it with a toothpick or something like that and then it comes out clean if it's done. So I'm just going to whisk this here together. So this here is now my delicious smooth vanilla cake better and when my cake is done in the oven I'm going to place it in the freezer so make it cool down a bit more quickly even also just let it cool down on the table or in the fridge but because I'm making so many recipes at the moment I have to place it here in the freezer for about one and a half and two hours until it is completely cooled down. So my cake has now been in the freezer for about an hour and 30 minutes and what it was just to take the cake out of the phone first and then cut some of the top off so it wasn't too pointy and I just added in some cake foil in here just so the ice cream don't stick to the tin itself. What I'm going to do now is to add in my one liter of strawberry ice cream and just really spread it out. I have just added my ice cream stand out for about 30 minutes so now it is nice and soft and ready to get on top of this here. Then I'm going to place in the freezer for about an hour and when it has been in there for about 30 minutes I'm going to take my ice cream vanilla ice cream out from the freezer and let's stand out on the table for the rest of the 30 minutes. After my cake have been in the freezer for an hour I'm going to pour out my vanilla ice cream on the top and spread that out as well and place back into the freezer for about an hour and after that it is ready to be served.