 Hi my name is Fobby and I love doing science experiments. Hi this is an experiment that I first saw seven gates do in one of his gastroids videos. It demonstrates how you can make a naked egg. I'm going to see if I can do it myself. You need to place a wall egg into a bottom of a log metallic container, otherwise the vinegar will tarnish it. Add the vinegar and to cover the egg. You should be able to see straight away that the reaction is working as bubbles will start to fall on the surface of the egg. This is carbon dioxide and is byproduct of the chemical reaction caused when the acidic acid in the vinegar comes into contact with the calcium carbonate in the egg shell. You will need to leave the egg for two to three days by which time the shell itself should have dissolved. It is now been free this since I placed the egg in vinegar. And as you can see most of the egg shell has dissolved. If I quickly give it a little scrub some most of the excess shell should be off. Once washed you should be left with just the semi-permable membrane holding the egg together. If I hold it over torch you should be able to see it glow. I'm going to use Explosgo to see if I can get a better look at this surface. Wow cool take a look at what I found. It looks like there's a tiny bit of shell that hasn't dissolved. It looks a bit red, it looks a bit reddy brown. Without its shell the egg is very soft and with a bit of look I should be able to bounce it. Oh I'm probably should have used the flashlight. Now that it's first you can get a closer look at the semi-permable outer shell. It feels like you've had a water balloon fight and then oh it's just like it's the end of it and now I'm going to see the egg. It's just like a normal egg. It's like just a normal egg inside. Now that the egg is broken let's take a closer look. The Explosgo. This is the semi-permable membrane. The semi-permable membrane looks a bit like human skin. Thanks for watching guys and always remember to try it at home. Bye!