 I'm Dominic from xbdiwight.com. In this video I'm going to show you how to take that brown nasty stain that you're going to have inside your wash machine. I'm going to show you how to use it. The brown stain can come from a lot of different things. There's a lot of dirt build up which is pretty unlikely. The most common cause is going to be the high iron in your water. When that ends up happening, it ends up standing on the inside of your wash machine. Basically when you let those clothes sit in the wash machine long after the wash machine tells you that it's ready, it's all done. Well, that's what happens. So anyway, I'm going to show you this product. I just bought this at Home Depot. It's called CLR for calcium line and rust. Well, what we really have is the line. The line is what really turns that rust color. Simply on a scrubby sponge, just a little scrubby sponge. It's going to get somebody to support it on here. We don't want to saturate the inside of your wash machine with it. You can get a close up of this. Let me show people what this looks like in here. You can see the brown in there. Let me just have that scrubby sponge. Now place some wet with it. We're just going to let it soak a little bit on it. And then just scrub it. You can see how easy it is when it starts coming off. And again, just let it soak on there for a look. Just a few minutes. Just let it soak. I think give a little scrubby again. You can see how that just came right off. What I went and did with the sponge, I just got the sponge nice and wet. And let it soak a little bit. It's not soaking so bad, it was just falling off. But I got it. I just got it wet. I've got a couple of minutes. I just go around it. I mean, it literally takes less than five minutes with a good product like that CLR that I showed you to get it all nice and clean. So let's let it sit for about five minutes and we'll come back. All right, let it soak not even five minutes. You just put it part of the scrubby sponge. You know, it helps it out. It's not so coarse and it scratches up everything. You can wash your dishes with it. I just let it soak for a few minutes. And I went around, cleaned it all up nice, nice. Now what I'm going to do is center, just run it through a whole cycle by itself. You know, no clothes in there. Get all that, the CLR out of the system so I'll be doing the breening or clothes with that. Anyway, this is the product that I use. I don't endorse this product. It was this there. It's a lot of people know about it. So it does this job. It was like fight, owls and chains for it is. It's still full. I'm going to make a fairly used thing. You know, I use a little bit there of throw away sponge, but I actually am not going to throw it away. I'm going to stick it right up here on the shelf. So the next time I have to use it, and hopefully we can do something with the system. Anyway, thanks for watching. I'm Dominic from SMDIY.com.