 Okay, the first thing you need to do is go to lacyplayseat.com and print out this template. This will just help you get the sizing correct so you don't have to measure any fabric, which is always great. You're just going to lay those two pieces on top of your fabric. And as you can see here, you need two main bow tie pieces and one center piece. Okay, so cut those out and then you should have two big pieces and one small piece. And now you're ready to get started. So go grab your glue gun and get it heated up. And let's get to it. Okay, a little dab of glue goes a long way on this project. So just use a tiny dab in the middle and then one on each ends. And I say that because if you use too much glue, the fabric will become crunchy and it won't fold how you need it to at the end. So just trust me on this, I made this mistake on my first bow tie and I don't want you to make the same mistake too. So just do a tiny dab of glue. Okay, so once you've done that, just kind of apply some pressure. Let it set for a minute and let's get to the big pieces. Again, a tiny dab of glue on the center and then fold it over. And then I don't even do it on the ends until the very end. So fold over the one side and then bring the other side to the middle as well. And then this is where you'll do a little dab of glue. And don't worry, you'll see that we're going to secure very well at the end. Push that down and then we're going to repeat the same thing on the second piece and I'll speed it up here so you don't have to watch it again. But super easy. So just a little dab to close it off. Okay, now you should have two rectangles that are glued. You're going to take the ugly unfinished sides and face them together. So now you have a pretty side on both outsides and then pinch it together. This takes a little practice so just mess with it for a minute between your thumb and your index finger until it looks like this. And then take that center piece ugly unfinished side down so you can't see that unfinished side. And then just kind of see where it looks good. And then take a little dab of glue again on the starting end. Push that down and then wrap quickly while the glue is still hot. And then when you're almost out of fabric there, take that little unfinished end and glue it down so that we can hide that and then add another dab of glue to secure it in place. And if you see any strings, we can cut those off at the end. So don't worry. Okay, just apply some pressure and hold that down. Now you're all done with the bow. So now we just need to add on a clip. So I will link where you can get these clips below. Just glue on the hot glue and work quickly because the glue dries fast and you want it to stick. So work quickly. And then just apply pressure. Let it sit for a few minutes and you're ready to click this onto your little guy. And by the way, these work great for hair too. So if you have girls and boys, you can totally use these for their girls and these on your boys. So I made one in every color. They seriously were so cheap and so easy to make. So I bought about an eighth of fabric for each color and it ended up being like 33 cents each piece. So I made a bunch of these for like under three bucks. So I know you're gonna have fun making these. Good luck and enjoy. Alright, thanks so much for watching. Don't forget to hit that subscribe button and I'll see you in the next video.