 Hey guys, welcome to my channel. So today I'm going to be showing you how to make slime with no activator. Well technically there is an activator but it's not the usual ones like borax, detergent, contact lens solution and all those other stuff. And you probably already have this activator link in your house. This slime makes absolutely the best slime I've ever played with. So if you want to learn how to make it then stay tuned for the video. So the first thing you are going to be needing is a bowl and I'm just using a plastic bowl so I can throw it away later. You are also going to be needing a spoon. And so for this recipe you are going to be needing clear glue and I'm just using the crazy art brand because Elmer's glue does not work. You are also going to be needing shaving gel. So the first thing you are going to want to do is pour your clear glue into a bowl. You can pour however much you want. It really doesn't matter just however much slime you want to make. So the next thing you are going to be doing is basically pouring in your shaving gel. So just pour in a small amount at a time because you can always add more shaving gel but you can't take back the amount that you added. So if you added too much you can't take that back. The shaving gel acts just like borax so make sure you add a little at a time. And so the shaving cream also works as an activator for this recipe and here is a little clip of me making it. So I'm also adding white glue along with the clear glue so that I can make more slime and I'm adding shaving cream right now. I added a little bit more shaving cream off camera which is why it looks like slime already. So here is the finished product. It's really cool and if you don't have shaving gel then you can always make it. So now I think my shaving gel slime is ready. It's still a little bit sticky but it's still fine if it's a little bit sticky you can you just have to knead it some more so that it takes off its stickiness. So just keep kneading it and it will form a wonderful slime. So here is the finished product of my shaving gel slime. It works and it looks just like regular slime that you would make with borax or any other. So I hope you enjoyed the video. If I had to choose between the shaving gel slime and the shaving cream slime I would probably choose the shaving gel slime because you only need a small amount of shaving gel to make that slime but you need a lot of shaving cream to make the shaving cream slime. Be sure to like and subscribe if you thought the video was helpful and also comment down below on suggestions for what I should do in my future videos. Bye!