 Hey guys, welcome back to my channel another day of eating ketogenic diet. I just got out of shower and put my makeup on and it's 12 o'clock and I'm officially starving today so I will go ahead and fix myself some lunch. We had a taco night last night so I have some leftover of the fried beef so I'm gonna have that and probably scrambled like two eggs in cargo butter and throw a bunch of veggies on a plate. Just keep it simple and most importantly quick. I'm hungry. So I'm taking my handy-dandy, the sweet-scale here so I can measure exactly what I'm eating so I can count my macros. Well I would like to put it all in the plate and it comes down to two ounces. Then I'm gonna use a carry-go butter to fry up the egg. I want 14. I want one tablespoon. I'll pop it in my pan. I got my two eggs ready so I will scramble them up and I'm gonna chop some tomato and I'm gonna use some a little of romaine lettuce. And then my microwave. So this is what I'm having for lunch today. Just a ground beef, two eggs, some romaine lettuce and tomato and to bump the fats even more I'm gonna add teaspoon of sour cream on to my beef. That was really filling you guys. It had 418 calories, it had 27 grams of protein, 4 grams of netcorp and 32 grams of fat. So I'm gonna go along with my day and I will check with you around snake time. So I made myself a coffee, it's about four o'clock and I'm pretty hungry so I'm gonna make some snack. I'm thinking about making these pieces of ham and brap cheese inside of them and fry them up. I think I saw it on a keto vlog of Catherine Michelle on YouTube so I'm gonna try those out and see how they turned out. So I have some black forest ham and some monster cheese. I'm gonna take six slices of that and two slices of the cheese. See. Yeah, it's good. It's good idea. I usually have it just cold but I think so a little more butter. Actually it's up more fat. I like it. You know I always like some green on my plate. Cool idea, Catherine. I love it. Yummy. And this snack altogether has 280 calories. I like that. It's cool idea. So guys I'm gonna keep snacking and have my coffee and I'll check with you again by dinner time. While I do have a taste for something salty before dinner so I'm gonna have one serving six slices of this heart's army which is hundred ten calories, nine grams of fat and one gram of carbohydrates. I'm gonna add it into my macros. I've decided to make for tonight's dinner a mashed cauliflower and some salmon keto patties. So I'm gonna be using a small head of cauliflower. I'm gonna boil it in the water then add some butter, some salt, pepper and some nutritional yeast. So for salmon patties you're gonna need kind of pink salmon. I have about 15 ounces. I'm gonna chop some red onion in it. I will season it with black pepper, some salt, cayenne pepper, garlic powder. You're gonna need to use something to thicken the dough up and make it a little dry that it's not gonna stick to your palms. In this case we're gonna be using pork rinds. These are classic ones. I'm gonna use about half a cup. I'm gonna blend it into flour-like texture in my blender. So if you're on keto or on low carb diet this is the alternative to flour or bread crumbs and lastly you would want to fry it up in some olive oil. You can also use avocado oil. So I'm just gonna blend it in the blender with little butter, salt, pepper, onion powder and some nutritional yeast. Just make it taste like mashed potato. I'm gonna mash the cauliflower first manually and then I'm gonna put it in my blender. I'm gonna put it back in the pot. So I drained salmon. You want to get rid of as much water as you can. Then I chopped about two tablespoons of fried onion. I'm gonna add it in. I'm gonna add some pepper, some cayenne pepper, to give it a little kick. We like it spicy, some garlic powder and some salt. And now you want to use your pork rinds. So I blend it in the blender. It's about roughly half a cup. That's gonna replace the bread crumbs if you're on low carb like me. Let's get dirty. Some made four patties, two for me and two for rap and it's time to fry them up in some olive oil. So the salmon cakes were success. We did enjoy it. We liked it. I'm probably gonna be making it again as rap did. Really love it. And now it's time to wrap up this daily vlog I'm gonna enjoy Friday night. So if you did like this video, please give it a thumbs up and subscribe to my channel and I'm gonna see you again in another video. Good night!