 Hi everyone, welcome to Tala Dala's Kitchen. I am Manse and I am going to show you a very cheesy recipe for cheese lovers which is a fried mozzarella sticks. These mozzarella sticks have a simple flavouring of oregano and chilli flakes and finally they are fried to perfection. You can make this for a party when you have guests coming over and enjoy the look on their face with the oozing mozzarella cheese coming out from these fried mozzarella sticks. So come on, let me show you how it is made. I have put the oil to heat and now we will make the batter. We will take some plain flour, some cornflour, the reason cornflour is added is to give it some crispiness. We will add little salt, some oregano for flavouring and some chilli flakes and now we will add half a cup of water and now we will slowly add the water and keep whisking it. Give it a nice mix. Whisk it very nicely to get a thick batter and to ensure that no lumps are there. Depending on the quality of the flour, you can add extra tablespoon of water to get the perfect consistency of the batter. This is the perfect consistency as you can see. It should not be very thin otherwise the cheese will not coat well. So now what we have to do is we will dip it in the batter coated with the bread crumbs and then deep fry it. So I will take one mozzarella cheese stick, dip it in the batter nicely and put it in the bread crumbs. Using another hand coated with the bread crumbs evenly from all the sides. Our oil is hot enough. We will fry 2 mozzarella sticks at a time. Don't keep mixing it because this cheese and it will start coming out from the batter. Remember it gets fried very fast. You can see a little bit of cheese is oozing out that means it is cooked and remove it on an absorbent paper. In the same way we will fry the remaining mozzarella cheese stick. Our last mozzarella stick is fried. We will remove it from the oil and serve it. Just dip it in the chilli sauce and enjoy it. It is perfect. Download the Tarla Dalal app on your Apple and Android devices. Follow us on the Facebook and tarla dalal.com. If you enjoy our recipes click like to see more of my recipes click here. Please share your comments. I would love to hear them and I'm waiting for them.