 Hello! Welcome back to another video with Chip Girl Q. How are my kitty cues doing today? You guys requested to see how I do the fried seafood boils today. So we have all our ingredients. We have all our seafood in here. We have shrimp scallops, king crabs. We have some flour here. This is a dish that we're going to put our seafood and everything is done. We're going to put everything in here so that when it's ready to get fried, this is going to be our egg dish. We're going to put our eggs in here. This is panko, plain Japanese style bread crumbs. Just put some of that in a plate. These are the seasonings that we're going to season everything with, occasionally, occasionally seasoning pepper. We have our grease on the stove here. We are using vegetable oil. So what I'm going to do first is I am going to season the flour. You want to season everything. We're going to season the flour. I'm going to season the bread crumbs with a little bit of each pepper and we're going to go ahead and add our egg. So I'm going to add about three eggs in here. I'm going to add the seasoning, same seasoning, pepper. We're just going to beat that all together. Now some people add milk to this. I added milk to it last time but you can do milk or you can it's up to you how you want to do it. Now I'm going to show you guys how I prepare the shrimp. I usually everything is already cleaned off so I take the back of the shrimp, cut it down the back but you don't want to go all the way down. So I'm going to cut it like that and open it and then it's going to look like that. So you want to do that to everyone. All our shrimp have been cut down the back and this is how you want it to look. Now these scallops are really really big. So what I'm going to do is just cut it in half. So now I'm going to lightly season our seafood. You don't need a lot because we already put we season pretty much everything so you don't need a lot. So I'm just going to mix that in. Okay so now I'm going to take the shrimp. Here's what the shrimp looks like. It's been seasoned and we're just going to pat it in there. I'm going to make sure that you pat it in there. Make sure you get each side. Okay so now that all of our shrimp has been coated really nicely on both sides we're going to take our egg mixture and dip it. And then we're going to take it over here and cover it with the breadcrumbs. And we're going to place it in here. So now we're going to take our scallops. And pretty much do the same exact thing that we did with the shrimp. So once you're done this is how everything should look. Everything is beautifully coated. Every area every section is coated nicely and beautifully. Now we're going to turn the stove on to high heat. We have our oil already in the pan. Like I said I used a whole one of these. That's more than enough. And I'm going to turn the heat on high and I'm going to let it get hot. You want to make sure your grease is extra extra hot. And I'll show you guys how to tell when it's ready. So I have a cookie sheet lined with paper towels so that when we fry everything we can just put it right on the cookie sheet and it can drain the grease. So like I said I have the grease in here. We're going to let it get nice and hot. So our grease is nice and hot. The best way to tell if your grease is hot is to add a little bit of flour in there. And if it starts sizzling that means that it's ready and it's actually popping right now. So I'm going to show you guys see that? It's ready. I'm going to drop all our shrimp in there. Now you know your shrimp and stuff is done when it starts floating at the top. Now once your seafood starts rising to the top that means it's ready. Or just about ready. Okay. Now this is done. And there we have it. A fried seafood feast, shrimp, crab legs and scallops. You guys wanted it. Once you get done frying it add a little bit of lemon pepper at the top and you're all done. Hope you guys enjoyed the video. Love you so much. Make sure you subscribe. Love you.