 Hey guys, I'm Jennifer. Today in my kitchen we're talking about bread and not just any bread, we're talking about garlic knots. These are garlic rolls that are slathered and olive oil and parmesan cheese, basil and oregano and these are so good and normally I'm an advocate for fresh bread, homemade bread even if it takes hours to make. But tonight we're using a little shortcut and I'll show you what it is in a minute and it just makes these so quick and easy and fast and everything that I love. And tonight I'm making Italian food for Chà9 so I wanted something easy and delicious to whip up and this is actually one of the first things that I made for him and so I wanted to share with you guys today. These are so good, you're going to love them so let me show you how to make them. The ingredients that you'll need for these garlic knots are some refrigerated biscuits, some olive oil. You can also use regular olive oil or canola oil as well, some kosher salt, parsley flakes, garlic powder, dried oregano and some dried basil. And you'll need some parmesan cheese. The first thing I'm going to do is shape our garlic knots. So I've got a baking sheet and I'm lining some aluminum foil, you can also use parchment paper. And I've also got my biscuits that I really had to slam on the counter like 10 times to get out of the can but I did it so that's all done. So the first thing you need to do is just take a couple of your better milk biscuits or whatever kind of biscuits you have and what we're going to do is we're just going to shape these into a rope. It doesn't have to be perfect or fancy, maybe just like an 8 inch rope or so. Then what I'm going to do is I'm just going to tie this into a knot, really simple, nothing fancy just a knot just like that. Then we're going to tuck the sides, the edges under and we're going to place it on the baking sheet. I'm going to drizzle the baking sheet with a little bit of olive oil just as a precaution so that they don't stick. Now I'm going to continue with the rest of my biscuits. The next thing we're going to work on is the coating for our garlic knots. So I'm going to pour some olive oil into our bowl. Then I'm going to add just a few pinches of kosher salt, half a teaspoon of oregano, half a teaspoon of parsley flakes and half a teaspoon of dried basil. And instead of the dried basil, parsley and oregano, you can also use dried Italian seasoning. And the last thing we're going to add is the Parmesan cheese. So I'm going to add about three tablespoons. Okay, that looks about right. Now I'm just going to mix this together. Now we're going to introduce our garlic knots back in the mix. And I've just got a little food brush that I'm going to use to just paint this garlicky olive oil cheesy goodness all over my biscuits. I've got my oven preheated to 400 degrees and we're going to bake these for eight to 11 minutes until they're nice and golden brown. My garlic knots are out of the oven and I've just been brushing them with a little bit more of our garlic olive oil mixture. And I'm glad I put a little bit of olive oil on the bottom because just just look at that. And these are ready to eat. Now our little garlic knots are done. I'm just going to place them in a cute little wooden woven little basket. I'm going to cut it and scrub. Mmm. Oh mom. A Parmesan cheese melts and gets like crispy on the bottom of that baking sheet. Oh my god. Somebody stop me. These are so adorable. Okay, I'm just going to take one bite. The center is not ready yet. They're warm and soft and garlicky and cheesy and Italian-y and so quick and easy. I mean you have no excuse not to make them. Go me. Go make them right now. These are way too easy and just so good not to make. If Chad are not here, I would have you do every single one of these. I wish I was joking. I'm not. All of the ingredient quantities, recipe instructions, substitutions, everything is on my website engineskitchen.com. I hope you guys try these. Thank you for spending time with me. Have a great day.