 Hi guys, April with WalkerDiz and I wanted to share with you a very cool trick that I always use and it's how to set up a temporary fence in order to make accurate cuts using a circular saw. Now of course what you can do with a circular saw is just line up your mark and then try to move along it manually as best as possible to get a very straight cut. It never works for me well very well and so I always pretty much utilize this and what it is is this piece of wood right here is called a temporary fence. And what it fences in general is it just acts as a guide for your saw to move along in order to make a very straight cut. You also see fences on table saws but this way what you can do is grab a scrap piece of wood and the important thing to note is that it needs to be straight on the edge that you're going to be using. It to butt up against the saw and so this edge right here is a very straight cut and if you can understand the concept of it acting as a guide for your saw, you can imagine that if it has a couple curves in it then that means that the piece that you're going to be cutting is also going to reflect those curves which is of course no winner. So make sure that this edge is straight and then you're going to in order to line it up how you need it. What you would do is put your saw and butt it up against the piece of wood and what you want to do is align the saw blade with your mark and then take your straight piece of wood and butt it up against this fence right here. I'm sorry not the fence the deck the deck of your saw and then you can clamp it in place. Now since I use this trick all the time I know that this gap is an inch and five eights and so I don't have to go through those steps every single time. But if you don't know yours what you do is simply take out your tape measure and measure it and now at this point you would be able to go down to the other end and make that distance the exact same. So since this is an inch and five eights I would go down there make sure that that distance is an inch and five eights and then clamp it in place as you see. Now with both ends at an inch and five eights and then this cut being straight I can now line my saw up keeping this deck flush against this fence and then just go to town and cutting it and not have to worry about trying to follow this line. It takes all the thinking out of it and I really love this trick. A couple things to be mindful of especially whenever you're working with such a large piece of wood and by yourself like I often do is that you need to have your piece of wood that you're cutting supported. So as you can imagine if I'm making this cut this is going to be falling off. Well if I don't have anybody to hold the piece of wood for me what I do is I just utilize some shop furniture. So I just need to send in order to catch it whenever whenever I make the cut and same thing with this I can move it underneath there. So might be useful for you. Also be mindful of your cord. It's it can be a little tricky but you just need to make sure that's not going to be getting caught up in like your clamps or maybe something else in the pathway. Especially making such such such a long cut. So always be mindful of how that's going to carry out. So horses they're very easy to forget about because they're unseen but make sure that your cut that you're cutting is not in line with your sole horses. You need to move it off so that your blade won't go right through those plastic horses. And I think that's all the information I have for this video. Like always if you have comments leave it below and then check out my blog at Wilkertuse.blogspot.com. Hope that's helpful guys.