 This works, my buddy. You never do this, but if you ever did, if you ran out of dishwasher and needed to use that dishwasher and soap, not dishwasher, you turn it, dishwasher. So you can only use a tiny bit. If you use too much, it will fall off and it won't do anything. You ever had to use it. You just use a tiny, tiny bit. This one about the table spoon was used, which is too much. If you did use too much, you can start to foam an app and overflowing, which you can do is cycle it out. So I've got to put it to the drain cycle and it's going to drain it out. We'll start fresh with water and you can see here it's starting to foam out. It was definitely too much soap. Anyway, so what we're going to do is we're going to water that down. We're going to drain it out and then we're going to go to the next pill cycle and this way we'll dilute it. We may have to go through a few cycles of diluting it in order to get rid of the majority of soap. So we're going to kind of stop, we can advance it to the next cycle. And they have to just completely stir it over. So now we're going through the fill cycle. It's going to mix with the soap and again, this way we'll dilute it. And the thing is if you did use regular dish soap, you can only use it just a tiny little bit, maybe the size of a dine. And even there, you may need to run your dishes a whole second round to make sure that it gets thoroughly even stuff. Because the dishwasher, dish washing soap has a high foam content. And so, you know, mixing it with hot water, use it with hot water. It can work, but it's just not recommended, not really what it's for. The dishwasher detergent much better. But in a pinch, if you use the tiniest little bit, you can get you by. And that being said, you're going to want to make sure that it rinses extremely well, which may mean you want to run the machine with no soap and just a whole nother cycle to make sure it all gets rinsed off. Nice hot water. Anyway, this one looks like I'm going to survive. You hear it cycling much better before. It was just cycling the foam. And it really wasn't rinsing very well. And now, it's still got a lot of soap, but at least it's propelling the water. The problem with the dishwasher soap is if it foams so much, it doesn't really use any water. It can't move the foam. So this one, I'm probably going to advance to the drain cycle. Go ahead and drain it out. Go another round. So you hear it's not running right. That's the fill cycle. I actually want to go to the drain cycle. Try to get the drain that I want it to overflow. And the problem with when it does this is sometimes it won't go to the drain cycle because the float won't operate properly. So again, that's the whole dilemma with using a figure of soap. You really don't want to use a soap. You want to use dishwasher soap. But if you ever had to, just a tiny, it's a little bit. So I'm going to let it fill. And then I'll advance it to the drain cycle. I'm going to start to brush. Luckily, I really didn't overflow. It's a little subsets. There we go. Now I should be able to advance it to the drain cycle. There you go. This one's just wanting to go through the fill cycle. And that is my dilemma. Sometimes it will just come pouring off the top. There we go. Now I'll go through its regular cycle, but we want the drain cycle. That's going to start to drain out some of the crazy seds. And this one's just going to take a few rounds of draining it out, filling it and draining it out to get it to do what we need to do. Anyway, you get the idea of recycling out the water until it's nice and clear. Rinse in the dish soap with really hot water to do what we need to do. There we go. That'll work. There we go. This is continuing the little run of the Kung Fu maintenance. Over the top series. It should go straight up for me. I assume it doesn't matter. It's going to be a little bit more clean. It's going to be a little bit more clean. It's going to be a little bit more clean. It's going to be a little bit more clean. It's going to be a little bit more clean. It's going to be a little bit more clean. It's going to be a little bit more clean. It's going to be a little bit more clean. It's going to be a little bit more clean. It's going to be a little bit more clean. It's going to be a little bit more clean. It's going to be a little bit more clean. It's going to be a little bit more clean. It's going to be a little bit more clean. It's going to be a little bit more clean. It's going to be a little bit more clean. It's going to be a little bit more clean. It's going to be a little bit more clean.