 I'm gonna be making a Rimmie's Hot Pot. So, let's go inside. Let's grab a shopping cart. Don't you just love the neon colors? Hahaha. Let's go. And when you're making a Rimmie's Hot Pot, the ingredients that goes into it is totally customizable. It only depends on what you like to eat. So the first thing I'm going to pick up are some Rimmie's meatballs. Okay, and see, they have some fish balls. If you wanted to add those, right here. But I'm not going to. Because my kids, they like to eat the Rimmie's beef meatballs. I'm going to grab a package of those. It's cold and I'm wearing shorts. Because it's hot outside. But it's amazing in here. Here we go. There we are. One with the tendons, the purple package, and one without. Okay. Let's go get some pork bones. And we are over here in the meat department and the bones are all the way down here. So it says right there, it says pork bone. I think it says a pound. Let me wave down one of these pictures here. Ah, I'm going to put some small ones here. I think they're small ones here. Thank you. I think they're small ones. Okay, so I'm going to have the butcher slice the pork bones into smaller pieces for me. I know you can see him. He's all over there. Okay, I got my bag of bones and it was $3.13. And I'm down this aisle where it has all the seasonings and stuff and something's wrong with my cart. Okay, here we go. Let me show you. I already have it at home, so I'm not going to be buying it today. But this is what it looks like. See right here? And it's $5.99. And I already have this at home. So like, again, like I said, I'm not going to be buying it today. But I wanted to show you where it would be located at. Okay, let's see what's next. Oh, I need my noodles. Let's go get the bag of noodles. Here we are. Let's go look for my favorite noodles. Let's see, they have it here. It does not look like they have my favorite type of noodles here. So I'm just going to use something else. And it's $0.99 a package. So I think I'll get one more. There I go. Now let's head on over to the veggie aisle. I already have some shrimp at home. And if you want it, you can also add other seafood, of course, like... Actually, let me take you to a seafood department and show you. Let's see if you want it to even have hot pots here. This one here is $3.99. We are now in a seafood department. And let's see what they got. If you want it, you can add some squid. But I'm not going to. The only seafood item I'm going to add is shrimp jade. See what I can do. You can add some mussels, is it light? And we have these over here. Maybe some scallops. What else? There's all the garbage. Okay, so there you go. Just add whatever kind of seafood that you want. See? They have some over here. Like the fish balls, the shrimp balls. Look at the tofu. Which one, which one? There's so many. I'm going to go with this branch. They have the soft kind. You can use soft, medium firm or firm. Yeah, the red ones are firm. I'm going to go with medium firm. And I'll try to take two packages. These are $1.29. So my kids love tofu. When I add tofu for them. There's my green onions and there's my cilantro. I have my cilantro and green onions. And I basket this one for some mushrooms. And you can choose any type of mushrooms you want. Like there's a whole bunch. Just whatever kind of mushroom that you like. But I'm going to go with the button mushrooms today. Because that's the kind of mushroom that we like to eat. Which are right here. $1.49 each. They have a knocky mushroom. I'm pronouncing that right. Here I go. I'm going to go with this one. Yeah, this will be fine. Let's cut this. It's so vegetables. And you use this one here. We'll just buy some. So it's right there. Oh, fine. Not right here. Let's see. But the one I'm going to use is the chrysanthemum. Which is down here. I'm going to add some bok choy if you want it. Right there. But this is the one I'm going to be adding with the chrysanthemum. I'm just going to grab a bag here. The last thing on my list is beef. Which I should have picked up when I was in the meat department by forgot. And they should have in the refrigerated section all packaged up for you. They should be over here on the right. Oh yeah, here it is. Right on top. Did you want to buy it? Look here. I'm going to go with this one. $5.54. I think that is it. We can go check out now. And head on home. See you later, alligator. I am now home. And here's everything that I had purchased this morning from the Asian market. And the total cost was $23.08. Now like I said, the only two items I did not purchase because I already have them at home is this here. I've already showed you that on the shelf. And a bag of shrimp, which I purchased from State of Brothers yesterday. And I believe it was on sale too. I can't even remember how much. But yeah, that's it. So now we can go ahead and get started. Remember, just like I said during my hook-shopping trip, this is totally customizable. Just choose your favorite protein and veggies and just add it to the hot pot. If you don't like any of these ingredients, choose your own. All right, so let's get started. First thing I'm going to do is make a pork broth. And here are the pork bones that I had purchased this morning. If you don't want to use a pork stock, you can make your own chicken stock or use the cans of chicken broth. I have a pot of water on the stove and I've turned the heat to high. We're going to bring this to a boil. And then we're going to par boil our bones for 10 minutes. The water has come to a boil, so let's go ahead and add our bones. Add it right in there. Let's put the rest in. There we are. So all the bones are in. And just let the water come back to a boil. This starts to come back to a boil. You'll see like a bunch of impurities float to the top. Go ahead and lower heat the heat just a bit, but keep it boiling just so that it doesn't overflow. And then just scoop out the impurities from the top. And it's only been I think two, three minutes, so we still have like about seven more minutes to go. It's been 10 minutes now, so let's go ahead and turn off the heat. And again, for the last time, we're going to remove the impurities from the top. And then we're going to bring this over to the sink and then watch the bones in some cold water. Hopefully you dump the bones into a colander. And then rinse it under some cold water. I sure you'll watch the bones nice and clean, sure that the bone has pulled down before you touch it. You know how I heard you're still here? I'm going to just give it a watcher bone. Here I have another pot with some water. And it's a huge pot. So I only filled it less than halfway. And then I'm going to add some salt. Like that much. And we're going to bring this to boil before we add our bones. To the pork stock, I'm going to add one yellow onion. And I'm just going to cut some slits on the top and on the bottom of the yellow onion, just like that. And we're going to place this into the stock. The water has come to a boil. So let's go ahead and add our pork bones. Just going right into the pot there. Use my elbow to hold the colander. Now that the bones are in, let it come back to a boil one more time. And then we're going to lower the heat and simmer it. Just boiling. So let it turn down the heat and simmer the broth. And place the timer on top. My soup has been simmering for two hours now. So I went ahead and removed the lid. We see some of this fat on top of the stock here. Just go ahead and scoop it out. Just like that. And at this point, you can go ahead and remove the onion as well from the stock. You want to carefully remove it so it doesn't break apart into little pieces. So let me get the onion out. So like I said, carefully scoop it out. Because we're going to break apart. There we go. And take it out. And you can go ahead and discard that. I don't need it anymore. So now we can go ahead and season the stock. I'm going to add a little bit of sugar. And then I'm going to add some fish sauce. Okay, I have this much left, which should be plenty. Let me see here. Let's give it a couple rounds of fish sauce here. Okay, so don't overdo it because you can always add more. And so then go ahead and stir the stock. Just like the top, you don't have to go all the way in the bottom and stir. Stir the top of the stock. And then do a taste test to see if you need more sugar or fish sauce. Let me go ahead and do that. I make sure you blow before you sip it because it's probably going to be really hot. I think I'm going to add more fish sauce. Let's get into it. Again, just give this stir. Remember, don't make it too salty because we're going to add some more stuff to it later. Okay, do another taste test. Okay, it's perfect. Go ahead and chop the heat and we'll set the pork stock aside for right now. Now I'm going to boil my noodles. If you don't have to cook the noodles, then just be free back to my other video on how to boil Vietnamese noodles. I am back at the supermarket because I had changed my mind. I decided the last minute to buy some of the shrimps with the heads on because it just makes the broth taste better. I'm just going to grab some of these. I hope they're 598 a pound. Okay, so I got my shrimp here. So let's check out some honey blue. All right, here are the shrimps that I just purchased at the supermarket. And I didn't buy many because it's just my husband that's going to be eating them. And like I said, I bought them because it's going to make the broth taste sweeter and much better than using your normal headless shrimp. And this bunch here came to $2.93. All right, I now have an hour left until dinner time. So let's wash the shrimp in some salt. There we are. Take a mouth. And then rinse the shrimp through the salt. We need to cut our meatballs in half as well as the beef. These are the meatballs with the tendons. And I just basically cut them in half like this. And that's it. For the beef, you can see that the slices are pretty big. So I'm probably going to cut them into thirds like that. And I place my beef right next to my meatballs with the tendons. Then I place the shrimps with the heads on next to the beef. For the regular meatballs without the tendons, I'm going to cut them into quarters for my kids. It just makes it easier for them to eat it. All right, so here we are. The regular meatballs are placed right next to the shrimp. So wash the mushrooms and then slice this. We'll need to drain the tofu because there's liquid inside. And then rinse them and then cut them into cubes. And here's the tofu. And let's just cut them into cubes. Whatever size that you want. Okay, they're still a little bit too thick for me, so I'm going to cut them into smaller pieces. Like this one here, you can see how thick this piece is. I'm just going to split it in half. Separate it. And then cut them into cubes. All right, the tofu is also done. Now we need to wash the chrysanthemums and then cut them into smaller pieces. I have placed some of the broth into the hot pot here. So we want our broth to be kind of clear. You can kind of go through it with a fine mesh strainer. You just scoop out anything that doesn't belong in the broth. And you can see there's not really much anything, but I just want to double check. I'm going to start warming up my broth right now because my family's going to be home soon. Let me plug this in. We turn the hot pot on and you can see there's a setting on it. It says low medium height. Right now we need the broth to come to a boil with it to high. Pour the chrysanthemums. Just cut them into about 1 inch lengths. I have some done right here. We'll add this right on top. Okay, now I'm going to thaw and then rinse my headless trumps. I just placed the headless trumps right next to the meatballs. And this platter is done. This is everything that we have so far. All your meats and seafood. Like I said earlier, in my video this morning, you can add any kind of seafood you want. I'm like squid and all that, but I'm just going to use shrimp today. That's what my family likes. And here is, let me show you everything. This is what I have done so far. We have this platter here and there are tofu, chrysanthemum, mushrooms, our noodles and our soup. Now we just need to wash our green onions and cilantro. I just placed the cilantro and green onions right there. And now it is complete. For the broth, we're going to add some of this stuff here and just add one spoon at a time. Okay, so just put one spoon in and then taste it. And if you need to add more, then add more. But you don't want to overdo it, so just do one spoon at a time. Okay, I just tasted the broth and it's perfect. So one spoon should be good enough. Before you start to eat your hot pot meal, be sure to just warm up your noodles because it's probably cold by then. Just put it in the microwave for maybe one minute at first and then it's not warmed in another minute. On the last thing that I'm going to do is make a dip for the meats and you show you how I make it. Just put some hoisin sauce in the bowl. Give it a squeeze. And of course you don't want to use this dip, use whatever dip you want. But this is how I like to eat it. Sriracha. Sriracha. And some of the sauté. That's what it looks like. Let me give it a spoon of that. And then just mix everything up. Simple as that. So the husband or kids are home and the broth has come to a boil. Go ahead baby and put the stuff in. Whatever you want. Uh-huh. So first I added the meatballs with tendons. Then you put the shrimp. Some mushrooms. And some tofu. That's right, meat tofu. We put the meat in last with this because the meat and the croissant and the meat cook pretty fast. There we are. More mushrooms. Put that in yaka. Put that in the beak. I think that's the only things left. And this hot pot, um, I had received from my mom, like over a decade ago. So it's been probably more than maybe 12 years ago. Someone had given it to her and then she passed it on to me. So, but, um, it's still a good working condition. And we still use it. It's pretty big too. Um, my kids are supposed to be eating too, but they're full because they had a field trip to McDonald's today at school. So it looks like my husband and I will be eating this for now. And that's it. You see them put everything in and then once it's, um, the beef is no longer red, then you can eat it. And along with everything else. And there you are. Oh, we've got to put some noodles in your bowl, babe. Show them how to eat it. Maybe should have pushed some of the meats down. You see how it's popping out there? There you go. There. We need it. And don't cook them, um, the meat too long because it's going to overcook. You see the beef? So as soon as it's no longer red, you want to take it out. Otherwise, it'll be overcooked. Let's take some of the beef out, babe, because it's over your brown. It didn't take long at all. Just take it out and put it on the side. Anything that's going to, because you don't want it to overcook them, which is going to take it out first. And the meatballs are already cooked, so you're pretty much just warming them up. Yeah, look. Look at the shrimp. Oh, yeah, don't forget that. You just placed some of the green onions and cilantro. And of course, we'll need to top some black pepper, too, babe. Yeah. We forgot that. And now he's going to put some of the headless shrimps in there. And here comes the black pepper. There we go. Just kind of mix everything up. Yeah, so I highly recommend using the shrimps with the heads on, because they do make the broth taste better. And this is my husband's bowl. That one's got a long whiskers. Oh, we need it. It'll look bad. Yeah, it's not bad. I forgot that. Yeah, so he's going to go get a ladle, and then he's going to put some broth in his little bowl here. I don't think he's putting enough noodles in that bowl, babe. Okay, so that is his dinner. And don't forget your dip, babe. There we are. We'll hop-hop cooking it's fun, don't you think? Everyone can cook his or her own food right at the table, and it's perfect for the picky eater as well. Here she can choose whatever items that they like to eat, the selection here. It's so simple and easy to prepare, and it's a great way to have an easy and relaxed dinner with family and friends. Thanks so much for watching. Have yourself a fantastic weekend, and I'll see you later, Ellen. Okay, before I leave, I got to show you my bowl. I forgot. So here's my noodles, and I'm going to add some meatballs for the anthomas. I don't like that shrimp. We're all- all the hiddly shrimps, babe. Is it in here somewhere? Mm-hmm. Some tofu. And I don't see it. I only see the ones with the heads on them. Maybe you ate them all. Yeah, you probably ate them all, put some more in, and then some of the beef. And more chrysanthemum, because I like chrysanthemum. Mm-hmm. Okay, thank you. Here, just put it in my bowl for me. I'm going to put it in my hand, babe. Okay, put the whole thing in, that's fine. Yeah, thank you. Can you put some soup in there for me? Mm-hmm. And then more mushrooms. How cool? Yeah, one more tofu. Thank you. And more soup, please. I'll see what else. More meatballs. Yeah, that's good, thank you, babe. I'll let me show you how I ate my sauce. This is what I like to do. Take my meatballs or whatever that's in your bowl here. And... Slippery little guy. You guys should be eating with the fork. Okay. Okay, there you go. And then just dip. Like that. See? And put it in your mouth. Mm, or you can put some of the dip right into your bowl. Okay. And then mix it up. And enjoy. Thanks for watching, guys. Bye.