 Okay, today I'm going to be showing you how to pollinate an iris. There's really only two parts you need to know about in order to be able to pollinate your own irises and grow them from seed. The first part is called the stigmatic lip. It's just above this beard part right in here. That's where you'll be putting that pollen. The other part is inside. It's called the stamen. And on the end of the stamen is what's called the anther. And that's where the pollen is. Now I'll show you how to actually pollinate one. The first thing you need to do is decide which flower you're going to use for the pollinating parent and which flower you're going to use to receive that pollen. I pulled a stamen, as you can see right here. I got it from this really dark maroon colored iris and I'm going to be pollinating this iris with it. Both of these, by the way, I grew from seed. Basically just put the stamen with the pollen on it just above the stigmatic lip and move it around a little bit and get some of that pollen on it. I don't know if you'll be able to see, but there should be a little pollen left on it. On each iris there are three stigmatic lips and just repeat the process on all three of them, like so. And once you've finished one flower, go to another flower, just mix it up and have fun with it. And I would recommend that if you are interested in getting some to take that you repeat it with numerous irises instead of just trying it on one. I found that I usually have a success rate of around 30% or so, so not all of them. If you're successful, this is what you'll see a seed pot. It'll be just below where the flower was as you can see the flower dried up and almost fallen off. So you just let that seed pot dry out on the flower and it starts to crack open just a little bit. It's time to harvest your seeds. Once your seed pods look like this, you can cut them off the plant and you can save your seeds and mark what type of iris they came from. Then I have best luck, so I'm directly into the soil in October. In the next spring in April or so you should have some tiny iris plants growing. But that's about all there is to it. You want to give it a try. It's a lot of fun.