 Hi everyone, I'm David Venable, your resident foodie bringing you some tips and tricks if you've always wanted to learn to flambé. Now flambé is a French term which means flamed or flaming. Now don't get nervous. Anyone can learn to flambé in their own kitchen. You just need to few little hints on how best to do it and to maintain lots of control of the stove top. Let's talk first about the kinds of foods you can flambé. Now if you love sweets like I do, there's nothing nicer than banana sposter or some flaming cherries Jubilee. But if you don't want to get quite that involved, you can also do some great sabres. Now you can flambé chicken, pork, beef, you can also do beautiful seafood. What we're going to flambé today is shrimp scampi. Now what we're also going to let you know is that there are different alcohols that are better for flambé. If you were planning to flambé, it's best to choose a la cour. You want an alcohol with a little sugar content. The sugar will help in the flaming process. You also want to make sure that you don't use a super high proof alcohol. Never a good idea to flambé with 120 proofs that will make a really big flame. You want to maintain control of the stove top. So go with the 60-70 proof alcohol and you'll be just fine. Once you have your pan up to temperature and your flambé liquid is warm or room temperature, you're going to be ready to do your flambé. But it's important if you're cooking on gas to move that pan off the flame. Now it's very important to do that so that when you add the alcohol, you don't have an unexpected flame up. When you're ready to add the alcohol and light this, it's always best if you're flambéing for the first time to use a long fireplace match or, as I'm doing today, a long stick lighter. That works out really nicely because you're not actually lighting the liquid, you're lighting the vapors that come up from the alcohol. So what we're going to do is add just about an ounce of liquid to this pan and once it comes up to temperature and those vapors are coming up, it's time to light. And it's that simple. All you're going to do is let that alcohol burn off. It's important to let this go for about a minute or two because if you let all that alcohol burn off, then you've burned off the alcohol in the harsh taste and you've left behind the wonderful flavor that is going to make this dish absolutely perfect. Now that that flame has extinguished, I'm going to bring it right over and serve this over pasta. This just adds a beautiful aroma, adds a lovely flavor and at the end of it all, you've impressed family and friends with a cool cooking technique that is super simple. Now all we're going to do is just pour this over some fresh pasta. I'll hit that with a little fresh parsley. And voila, you've done a beautiful simple cooking technique that looks like you've just graduated culinary school. Be sure and check back on qbc.com and QBCs YouTube channel for more tips and tricks in the kitchen. I'm David Venable, your resident foodie always encouraging you to keep it very flavorful.