 You'll need four chicken leg quarters or eight pieces of chicken. You can also break down a whole fire. However, you'll need to remove the two chicken breasts from the oven sooner than the rest of the chicken to be sure that they don't dry out. You'll need one egg, about one fourth cup of milk, as well as one fourth cup of olive oil. You basically need equal parts, egg, milk, and oil. You'll need about one and a half cups of flour, two teaspoons of garlic powder, one teaspoon of oregano, one half teaspoon of cayenne pepper, one teaspoon of thyme, one teaspoon of paprika, two teaspoons of sea salt, and you're probably need to adjust using less than amount of salt, if you're using regular table salt, and one teaspoon of cracked pepper. Begin by scanning the chicken. I've been scanning chickens since I was about 12 years old and while I used to think it was against all child labor laws, I now think it's a pretty handy skill to have. You just have to hook behind a die and pull the scamp from along the backbone. Then get a good hold of the skin and pull toward and then off the drumstick. Sometimes it's an extra chunk of fat here, and you want to be sure you remove that to make the chicken as lean as possible, especially since that's the goal here. Sometimes the scamp will tear before getting it completely off the leg, but since that's a part not usually eaten, don't worry too much about it. Now you can bake the quarters whole, but I prefer them broken down to really get to fill in that I'm eating something more commercial and well fried. Cut along the joint and then flex the joint into your hip hop, so that it becomes more obvious where to cut all the way through. Add the egg to the one who has a couple of milk, and then the olive oil. I would tell you you should end up with just about three fourth cups of volume depending on the size of your egg. Give it a quick whisk, however it will partially separate and you'll need to give it another whisk later. Add one cup of flour to a large dish with a lid. A large zip top bag also works. This is what the chicken is going to be shaking up in. At the time, the oregano, the paprika, the cayenne pepper, the garlic powder, the sea salt and the pepper. Make sure your egg mix is in a container wide and shallow enough to dip the chicken. That's to separate plate with about a half a cup of flour to first dress the chicken in for dipping it in the egg mix in order to help the autocross stick. Prep a pan with a bit of depth so the chicken has some place to drip while it's cooking. Also line it with foil to make clean up a bit easier. You'll also need a great to lay over the pan so your chicken isn't directly against the pan and has some wounds to breathe and get crisp. I put some olive oil in my hand and cold the great to prevent the chicken from sticking. You can also use cooking spray but be sure to coat both sides. Begin with the drumsticks. I do them to at a time by first stretching them in the flour, dipping them in the egg mix and then moving them over to the seasoned flour. If you can manage try to keep one hand dry and use the other for dipping in the egg mix. I had to keep one hand clean to operate the counter but I usually forget at some point along the way anyway. Once you lay the chicken in place on the grate try not to move because it tends to lift the oil from the grate and the chicken will be more prone to sticking. You'll need to dredge, egg and then shake the chicken thighs individually so the liquid egg mixture might make the seasoned flour clump up. Lay the chicken thighs with a smooth side up so that when it comes down to flip it you have a presentable side for serving. Finish coating the pieces of chicken. If you're using a whole chicken coat the drumsticks in the wings first and again coat the thighs as well as the breast one at a time. Put the pan in a 375 degree oven on a mid-level rack After a half hour, move the chicken from the oven and flip each piece using a fork like a lever between the grates just in case the chicken piece is still try to stick. Quite a bit of fat whether it be the olive oil or the natural fat from the chicken collects in the bottom of the pan which is something that maybe years down the roll will be something that was thankfully avoided. I'm going to think that every little bit helps. The chicken is not going to be the most beautiful thing when you first flip it but place it back in the oven for another half hour or so and it will all crisp up. You can test if the chicken is done by a tensioner move the grizzle from the narrow end of a drumstick. If it's not quite there yet just give it a few more minutes and usually if I don't eat the oven I turn it off and let the chicken rest there until I'm ready to serve it. I will say that the chicken will be much more tender than that out of a fryer and it's not the same but after a while you won't miss the skin and you'll look forward to chicken name especially if it satisfies the cravings. I'm guilty of even going a few steps further by making broccoli slaw or even biscuits to go along with it. I guess it just depends on what your family is used to eating with their fried chicken. Let me know if you give it a try.