 Hi everyone! I'd like to demonstrate and review on the Oster Flip Belgium waffle maker today. I bought this waffle maker through Amazon for around $30 a couple weeks ago. Used it a couple times just to get a feel for it. I'll use a 1-5 rating system 5 being the highest. I'll rate the E-Subuse, Cost, Build Quality, and Performance at the end. So let's get started. So the waffle maker, it was packaged nicely in the box. There's a foam protection as you can see right there. So here it is out the box. There's one accessory that does come with the waffle maker. It's this removable dip tray. And when you use it all you do is just put it under the waffle maker like this. You know, just so it catches any excess liquid. And then there's another feature, the handle, folds in and out like that as well. Alright, so let's go ahead and open the waffle maker. Take a look inside. So the design and build of this waffle maker is pretty simple. You just open, you pour some batter in, and then you close, and then you turn, and you wait. So in order to demonstrate the use of the waffle maker, I'll be using the crusty, complete, pink cake mix buttermilk batter. Just because it's simple to use, it's convenient, and also I actually like the waffles when I use this particular batter. So the items that you'll need are two cups of crusty batter, two tablespoons of vegetable oil, one egg, one and one fourth cups of cold water. My recipe is slightly different from the one that's on the back, just because I prefer a thicker batter. Okay, so now we have the batter ready to go. Let's go ahead and plug in the waffle maker to warm it up. You read the manual. It says that it takes about five to eight minutes to warm up. I think it takes maybe about closer to five than eight. And once you plug it in, the red light turns on. And if you turn this dial here, you can change the three different settings. There's a light or a low for the one circle, and then the two circles is the mid, and the three circles is a high. I prefer the high one just because the waffles come out crispier. And as you can see, the power light is still on, and once the green light turns on, it should be ready. And like I said, it does take a while. So for the first waffle, we'll go ahead and not use any cooking or baking spray, because the waffle maker does have a non-stick coating. And we do want to test that out. Now the green light just came on, so that means that the waffle maker is ready to use. I'm going to go ahead and open the top lid, and pour about half a cup of the batter. You can use a little bit more than that, but I don't go overboard because you're going to get some spillage. So go ahead and close, and then flip it over. And what I noticed with this particular motto is that the green light is already lit when you flip it over. And then if you give it a couple of seconds, it turns off, like right there. It might just be a little glitch, not sure. So another thing I noticed about the waffle maker is that there's a lot of steam that comes out from it. At first, I thought it was smoke, and I was freaking out, and I was about to reach for my fire extinguisher. But I think this is normal, so do not freak out when you use it. So let's go ahead and fast forward the rest of the cooking time. So the green light just came on, and it's only been a couple of minutes. So that means that the waffle is ready. So I'm going to go ahead and flip that over, and then open the lid. Oh my gosh, doesn't that look delicious? Okay, I'm going to try and get the waffle out of the waffle maker. My plate, oh my gosh, I am using metal tongs, just realize. One thing, please be careful if you only have metal tongs. Apparently you can scratch up the nonstick coating, and as you can tell, I was being very careful. And there you go, our first waffle. So for the second demonstration, I'm going to go ahead and use the Pam baking spray or cooking spray. I'm going to go ahead and fast forward this cooking process or this demonstration just because the only difference is the spray. So now it's time for me to rate the rating system. First we have ease of use, which I rate at four points. And this covers the maintenance and clean up as well. So it was easy to use. You just plug it in for the batter, close, flip, and you wait. But the only gripe that I have is that you can only use a damp cloth to wipe it in the interior. And I would prefer to somehow you could just detach the interior and just soak it in some warm soapy water and air dry. So the second rating I have is cost, which I gave five points. The reason is because the waffle maker was around $30 and who can beat $30. For the third rating, it's a build quality. And for this one, I rated it four points. And the reason is the material is not iron. The interior does have a nonstick coating, but over time that can get scratched up. And I couldn't find additional information regarding the overall material, just the fact that the exterior is stainless steel. And last but not least, performance, which I rated it a four. And it's mostly because of the green light glitch that I showed you guys earlier. But overall, I am pretty happy with this purchase. The waffle maker does make pretty good waffles. And if anything happens to the waffle maker, like let's say it breaks down, I'll keep you guys posted. So thanks for watching my clip. And I'll be adding clips on a regular basis. So I would love to hear any feedback, any input, and clicking on the like or dislike button would be great feedback. And don't forget to hit that subscribe button. Thanks.