 This is Nancy with Creative Fun and this here is a Purdue oven stuff or a roaster that weighs about 8.4 pounds and I'm hoping to butterfly it today so that it works it cooks faster. I have the oven preheating at 450 degrees and I don't know if you're familiar with chickens or not but I raised chickens but this one's not going to mine. This is the breast meat here and so you want to set this breast meat down to butterfly a chicken you remove the backbone right through here. So I'm going to be taking a nice sharp knife and cutting down on either side of the breastbone. Just one side. So that I can open it up if you're running to parts they're a little bit tough you can just keep sawing through them or you can cut them with a pair of scissors. There we go. There. Let's see what we got going on here. Okay I can see the end of the thigh bone right there. I'm going to cut through that right towards the back and almost throw. There we go. Right through here. Should have it. Nibbidi this is then you can lay the chicken flat. Get this extra bone out. Okay like this. I'm going to flip it around in the container and I have one little section more to do. Let's see. It's this little back section so let's get this off. There we go. We're going up this way. Works better. Alright so let me rinse this off. Let me rinse it off and I'll get back. Alright here's the chicken and I washed him. Her, him or her. Dry it. You're either him's. Let's try the bottom side. This is a wayward little leg right there. Let's see. There we go. Dry the inside. You can use paper towels. I stopped buying paper towels. Long story. Alright. I'm I'm going to just put salt on the underside of this and grab some garlic powder. Keep it simple. Salt and garlic powder. We'll have a hand in there and then I'm going to flip this over and put it into a pan here with onion slices underneath with the breast open. Let's go in down. I think that's good. That's top. This is going to be going into a 450 degree oven for 45 minutes to an hour. I'll check it after 45 minutes. You want an internal temperature of 160 degrees. Then let the chicken rest for 15 minutes or so and cut it up. Get ready to eat. Alright. I might add a little pepper to this as well. I think it'll be delicious. Alright well that's how you would butterfly a chicken and I hope you have success with your chicken when you want a butterfly. Thank you for watching. Have a great day.