 Crispy roast duck with pancakes with the adi kick of a black bean dipping sauce Megan you know help with the duck Denning your favorite yes, it is now how's your boyfriend? Right I'm going That woke you up didn't it So what you love most about duck the dipping sauce the dipping sauce and let's get the duck in heaven first A little bit of salt in there please Then some pepper thank you Some spring onion garlic and ginger now why do we pull that in there? Seed in it and flavor it How come you put them in whole like that and not smaller? It's going inside We're not using it for sauce for anything so it's just gonna make it really nice. What are they? Star anise. Star anise So what happens as the duck roasts on the outside it creates this really nice perfume aroma inside Took that in there to get it spicy rub all that Chinese spice Over almost like your massaging good Make sure you get it all in even the little wings you underneath there just don't I used to do to you in the bath Why she little hand is I know those days are long gone. I know I know I know she died That is seriously spicy with the duck there's generally quite a lot of fat there Yeah, so we can put it on this little bench Okay, and that goes there By slowly roasting it. Okay, so you get nice and crispy on the outside all that fat is gonna render inside the breast So therefore it's gonna get all nice and juicy. Yeah, right ducks in Three and a half hours at 160 degrees Celsius Your favorite part you said was the dipping sauce. Why is it your favorite part? I think it really adds to the dark makes it really tasty See as it's your favorite now you can make it I'm gonna do nothing. Okay. That is gonna be your feet up So first off the garlic as one good girl. What's your fingers please always do good? Nice, oh you're fast. Huh what's your fingers? I am What's your fingers? Slow down please Fourteen Right that's enough. All right. Little teaspoon of olive oil and a few years time that we're teaching how to drive As well as cook how exciting is that you nine a car? Scary Okay garlic in Crispy duck is traditionally served with hoisin sauce, but my brood love the additional big bold punch of black beans Megan and I add soy sauce and Lastly for that classic Chinese sweet and sour element brown rice vinegar and honey You happy with the flavor? I'm really happy. Can taste everything in there Dipping sauce done ducks in the oven How's the duck good crispy? Wow and the delicious No crisp it is it's really crispy. That's what happens when it's so cooked So 20 minutes for the doctor rest Time to knock up a quick hoisin and cucumber salad to put in our crispy duck pancakes For the dressing combined hoisin sauce Rice wine vinegar soy sauce Add dash of sesame oil and to give it that zingy Asian punch some freshly grated root ginger For the salad trim and cut spring onions into very fine matchsticks Peel a whole cucumber into long thin ribbons and And shred in a couple of baby gem lettuces Season and toss this fresh crunchy salad in a sweet yummy hoisin dressing A combination that never fails to get the kids eating their greens duck crispy dipping sauce Kick up a salad ready. So if you take them and your dipping sauce Thank you. I'll take the duck Don't drop it promise Oh My ultimate big and bold dinner of crispy roast duck with pancakes with a hoisin dress salad and some extra umph From Megan's favorite black bean dipping sauce You know Nice Holly I think you did a bit more duck in there You think we're home? Honestly it's like a black burrito Die