 Alright, what's going on out there? This is Wayne with Tray County Locksmith and we are checking out how to resurface an old cast iron pan. Now, there's a lot of videos online that tell you you can leave it in water. I'm no steel expert, but water is kind of what caused the problem in the first place. They do water and potatoes and onions and all this weird nonsense. One of them even does just plain water, but water is what caused it in the first place. So I don't think adding water is really going to help. Plus, they all take days to go ahead and do. When you reach in to use your favorite cast iron pan and it looks like this, well, this is an unacceptable cooking surface. You know, they've been accidentally got left out. Pipely, whatever happened. You want to cook with your pan now, not in two days or a week. So I'm going to show you. I've just got a cordless grinder. You can use a regular corded grinder. This is a radonator surface preparation disk and basically what this is is an abrasive and an adhesive in a woven fashion. This one is a fairly coarse design here. So this is going to get the big stuff off. And then what I have seen with my research with cast iron pans is that the smoother we can get the surface, cast iron is a fairly coarse surface. The smoother we can get the base surface, the better the pan is going to be at cooking. You know, cast iron is not typically great for eggs and things like that unless you use oil and butter. But if we can get the surface pretty smooth, this surface preparation disk, this is a vortex rapid blend and this basically, it's more of a polishing type of device. It's like taking sandpaper to the extreme. It's the same type of stuff as this. It's just a much finer grit. So it's going to leave a lot better quality finish on the pan when we're done. And we're probably only going to use this on the inside. You can pick these up for anywhere from, you know, five, ten bucks. I think this one was about twenty bucks. But I only got it for the special polishing purposes and I'll be able to use it on another product, a task. So for about five bucks, you can get this pan cleaned up. You know, you probably could use anti rust remover type of stuff. But the more chemicals you're going to be putting in this pan, you know, that's probably a bad idea. You know, PB Blaster, there's a bunch of other rust removal solutions out there that are pretty toxic. So you probably want to watch what you're going to be putting in there. These, those, those chemicals will soften the rust. But once again, it's a fairly poor surface. So getting it them back out of the pan to get it ready to where you can use it for food and human consumption again is something to think about. I wouldn't put it in my pan. But this is going to take this just about as quick. You know, this is going to be about the fastest option for you. You can use a wire wheel too. I just find these are better and faster. So let's get started. You're going to want to get some safety gear on. Some gloves and something to protect your face. And I mean, immediately you can see how that just takes that rust right off of there. And you can see how we're calling that a fairly poor surface because of those pits and divots in there, especially exaggerated with the rust factor. So we're just going to kind of go around this thing and get it going here. All right. So you can see what that does. That's just the first pass. I've usually I kind of left this one right here so you can see that's the first pass over it. And then like over here where it's a little bit smoother. I've actually come back and that's why these abrasive pads are so nice. Also that's probably a good 10 minutes or so grinding. So that's awesome for our cordless angle grinder. But the pad itself, that's what it's going to do. It's going to turn it into this as opposed to brush. Like a wire brush is just going to kind of give you this more pitted stuff right here. So we'll just go ahead and get into it a little bit more and continue to finish it up. All righty. So we got our new pad on here and we'll just kind of go ahead and go over everything with this and then call it a day. And you can see the smoother finish that that's leaving in the pan as opposed to the more aggressive one. Hey guys, it's the end of the video. You know, help me out and help me help you out. Right below the description box right here is a red subscribe button. Subscribe to me and then you're going to get the latest and greatest information that I put out. Sometimes it applies to you. Sometimes it doesn't. You know, it's just going to at least let you know that we're putting out new and current information. And then right over here is a thumbs up button. Give me a thumbs up. Help this video rank higher in the searches for the search terms that you're using and let a lot of other people be able to see this. You know, that's the best way you can help interact. Leave a comment. I will get back with you if I can and try and help you answer your questions. But the more you interact and post this to Facebook, Twitter, Google plus and spread this through the social media, the more that allows me to be able to help do more videos. So thank you so much for watching. I really appreciate it and subscribe, share and like. Thanks a lot guys. Appreciate it.