 Hey, how you doing today? I'm Tinney from Mini Bowl Design. Today we're out in Tinney Shop building poison pots. Look at them. Got the bottoms done. Got the lids done. All they got to do is press them together. Put the epoxy on them. Wind them. Half of these will probably be turned into great ovens when I get done. Now I'm going to do a video on cooking fiddleheads in the house using the poison pot. So let's shoot into the house and see what I'm doing in there. Hi, I'm Tinney from Mini Bowl Design. And some people asked me to show you how to cook fiddleheads. So today that's what I'm going to do. Okay, here's some fiddleheads. You saw as I picked them out the woods some of them were gone by and some of them were just ready. These are fully mature fiddleheads. Okay, now first thing is, and these have probably already been cleaned. You have to uncoil them a bit like this. And in here once you're uncoil them there'll be some brown material. It kind of looks like peanut skin, material kind of brown. You want to get that off. It's not a real big deal to do it, but you want to remove it or they'll taste better. Okay, once you've done that, we're going to put them into boiling water here. I got to add a little more water. And we're going to put them into the water and boil them for a while. Maybe, hold on, I don't know, maybe 10 minutes. Until the water turns brown. I know it doesn't sound good, but that's how it works. Then once the water turns brown, we'll turn the camera back on and I'll show you what's next. Ooh, that was pretty. Okay, I got my poison pot here and I got my school cage stove. And as soon as this comes to a boil, they boil for a few minutes. I'll turn the camera back on. Okay, these have been boiling just a few minutes. Maybe five minutes, actually three. And that's all it really takes for the first run. Now, you'll see here when I dump this off that... Okay, now, I don't recommend eating these raw because they're so segmented and curled and everything. There's a lot of places in them to stuff to get trapped that I don't think would be good to eat. And I've heard of people getting sick from eating raw because they got some bacteria that's just not good. And you can see that, by the brown color, this water, that I don't know what colors that water brown, it's got a bitter flavor to it. So you want to dump that off. Now, if you eat them raw, you're going to be eating that. I don't know what it's tanic acid or what it is, but it's brown. Now, after that, now that I've added the water, they will be clear from now on and they have a real nice flavor to them. But tell you boil them and get this brown water off, I wouldn't need them. Okay, so I'll turn the camera back on when they're tender. Let you know how long the total cook time is. Okay, it's been about 10 minutes and these are just about ready to come off. But the time I get the camera set around here so we can get a close up of this, they should be done in 11, 12 minutes. Okay, it's been 15 minutes and if you don't have a stopwatch, that would be three fills of the squircage stove with a bongo after they come to a boil. Three fills, 15 minutes. Now, I like mine completely cooked through. Some people like them a little less done so they've got a little crunched on them, but I like mine cooked all the way through. So I cook them a full 15 minutes, they're fully edible after 10 minutes, they've got a little crunched on them, but I don't care for the crunch. I want mine completely done. Now, I think these would be really good along with one of Tinney's backpacking spaghetti dinners or with a mountain house beef stroganoff dinner. I think either one of them would be pretty tasty, be a good compliment. And if you happen to be in an area where these are in season and usually in early May, you can tell them fairly easily because they are dark green and they look like they have a fiddle. They're called an ostrich fern also. Now, there's another fern that people are trying to tell me this looks like, which is a bracket fern, but it's not even close because a bracket fern is yellow when it's young, not dark, deep green, and it has all kinds of fuzz all over it. And it's in my opinion kind of gross. These come up, they're shiny, bright green, real cruscata, nice fiddle head on them, ostrich fern. Now, I prefer to eat these with just a little salt. And if you've got butter, that's nice, but if you don't have a thing, just find a salt. So, let me move the camera back out here. And we're going to have ourselves a feed of fiddle heads. This usually grow, I also want to add, where the water is running. You won't find them in a swamp. You'll find them in some area on the bank of the stream next down to the water, where the water is running. They have to have their feet wet and have to have fresh water. If they're in a swamp, they're probably not ostrich fern, they're probably bracket ferns when you sit and they don't want to pick up. Okay, so I boiled these about two and a half, three minutes, drained the water, put fresh water in, boiled them for another 15 minutes, until they were soft to the bite with no crunch stone. Although, if they're a little crunchy, that's fine, that's the way you like them. I don't like them that way. And after I got them boiled, until they were tender, then I just added a little salt. But if you had some butter, that would be good too. Chances I haven't butter on the trail at pretty dicey. Wow. Yep, nothing tastes like fiddle heads. They're actually very good, very nothing case, I can't say they taste like this or that. They've got their own flavor. Very fresh flavor to them. And they compliment apostitish very well. Wow. This is the first time I've had them since last year. Good. So I'm chenny from Mini Bowl Design. Get out and hike, take a friend, enjoy the cuisine of the great outdoors and more important than anything. Have a really great day. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.