 A while ago I showed you how to make some slime. In this second video I'll show you another recipe you can use, along with more things you can add to it. This stuff is easy to make and can be a fun project especially for kids. In my first slime video I used Borax. If you haven't seen it already, check it out here or see the link in the about section below. Borax works well for making slime with white and clear glue, but it turns out some of you don't have access to stores which sell it. Liquid starch is another option. Here's the recipe I'm going to use. To find out where you can buy liquid starch and for other alternative recipes, please see the about section below. First, I'll show you how to make slime glow in the dark. In a bowl pour one bottle of white or clear glue. Add 1 fourth cup of water. Now mix in at least 1 to 2 ounces of glow in the dark paint. I'm using glow in the dark fabric paint. Use the bottle as a spoon and stir until it's well mixed. Now add 1 half cup of liquid starch and stir. Then knead it until it no longer sticks to your hands. To activate the paint, hold the slime in the light for about 1 minute. Then watch your slime glow in the dark. Now I'll show you how to make your slime sparkle. Pour clear glue into a bowl. Then add food color if you want to. For clear glue, a little goes a long way. To make purple, add 2 drops of red and 1 drop of blue. Then add glitter. Stir it together and add 1 half cup of liquid starch. Then a fourth cup of water. You can then knead it until it no longer sticks to your hands. Now you have some magical slime. Another fun trick to do is add wiggle eyes. I bought these from Michael's craft store and there are lots of eyes to choose from. Before you make the slime, glue them back to back so that the eyes can be seen from both sides. You may need stronger glue to keep them together once they are in the slime. I used a glue gun. To prepare the slime, I'm using the same liquid starch recipe with one drop of green food color. When the slime is all made, stick the wiggle eyes into the slime. Now you got some weird eyeball slime. You can also add some fake critters. I found some rubbery stretchy snakes and added them to clear slime. You can usually find critters like this in toy sections and especially around Halloween time. To keep it from drying out, store it in a plastic bag. If it starts to dry out, you can add some drops of water into the bag to moisten it. I hope you have fun using these different ways to make slime. If you have other slime ideas or alternatives, feel free to share them in the comments below. For more tutorials, be sure to subscribe and check out my channel. For the slime recipe using Borax, check out the tutorial on the left. For more Sea Lemon, follow me on the links listed in the about section below.