 Life's such a beautiful thing don't you think you guys join this content don't forget the likes content here also click on the bell Come on you part of the notification Gotta take a break from all the countries right now just because I bought an insipot yesterday and I'm very curious on How foot will work in this and some pot? I want to see how tasty foot is in this instant pot here foot usually take around seven I want to say seven to eight hours. I usually just push it to six But seven to eight hours is maximum, but I want to see how an hour and a half works for this I think the only bad thing about the insipot is that it only holds around five liters of water But only have four quarts of water here just because my meat here so to this I have a pod here So the first thing you got to do to cook good foot you got to clean out the impurities because you want the cleanest broth ever So I got some flank steak here, which I just carved up and I'm just gonna toss them into the pool So this is just our blanching cool right now one ox tail into the pool Okay, or you can swim Rest of this off sale and two pieces of tendon tendon guys Tendon is probably the longest thing you guys in Africa Tendon when you cook it turns rock hard and after the rock hard it turns this very soft So into the pool doing guys pre-boiling this for about 10 to 15 minutes The only thing I'm scared about is adding the meat in and this being overfilled So this is four quarts of water here So hopefully I don't have to take out four quarts of water or a bit more of the water just because I want a very Super stop 10 minutes up We wind up all our beef stock or impurities out Clean off this bone clean off all any impurities off of it So we want a clear nice drop. That's all we're doing the mouth. That's all we're doing this for Bring it over to our insipot and we're gonna toss them into the pool. I don't care if they can swim It's gotta get in to this pot. We got two clumps of ginger one onion 10 star anise one tablespoon of coriander seed One cinnamon stick one tablespoon of salt one small clump of raw sugar Well, I got bits and pieces of it, but this one small clump guys three tablespoon of fish sauce in the beginning And the end will taste and adjust for our liking all right This is the thing I'm not even 100% sure about But I'm not sure if I can put the broth or put the water up to that high there because the mass level I kind of went a little over but you know what? Yolo We'll see we'll figure it out. We'll figure it out later Then we're gonna stew this is because yesterday I stew the pork for about an hour 15 minutes I'm gonna stew this for about an hour 30 minutes. Do you guys in an hour 30 minutes? Let's hope This does not boil over because I went over the max level. So hopefully it doesn't as we wait Let's do our herb topping so we got some green onion here Which is gonna finally chop down cilantro I Slice onions this is slice onions One hour and 30 minutes up the moment of truth guys. Hopefully it's done. So oh Really fair I don't know that's a good thing or not like it's it's shooting up there What I Got a white it up there This has been going on for about minute ready Getting all over my cabinet, but Hopefully it's a side tube all the air has gone out There it is That looks delicious. I ain't gonna lie, but There's a meat tender. I want to see the tendon because if the tendon is holy guys Holy This is the tendon right here Look how soft it is. All right. This is legit. I ain't gonna lie this this part right here is legit My brisket or my flank look at that tendon tendon takes about seven to eight hours just to get this off Holy I'm impressed. I am legit in press I don't think I'll ever cook foot in a pot every end guys. All right. Let me taste it Let me taste it. We're just tasting this for seasoning if it needs more seasoning. We're gonna add in the fish sauce. So Yep, it needs more fish sauce. So three added in the beginning here goes four Five seven let's go seven for now Guys I am impressed. I ain't gonna lie. I'm very impressed Reason why I'm impressed is because this took only an hour and 30 minutes just to get this tender It usually takes six to seven hours to get this tender to four quarts of broth here in this instant pot I got one tablespoon of salt eight to nine tablespoons of fish sauce. Take your meatballs I'm just gonna toss it in. I'm just gonna let that simmer for just Just for a bit and what I'm gonna do guys since there is a layer of fat here I'm gonna skim off that fat because we don't want that fat We want that good smooth broth Got my noodles here after one second. I'm gonna pull it out So we don't want this to overcook I chopped up my tendon might look a little weird to you guys, but it's so good Got the beef flank Just gonna do this on the side and I'm gonna go in with my onions on top take the meatballs first You know, I should have done strain this Because there's bits of coriander seeds in this, but it's still all good our broth So I want to do my best not get any of that coriander seed in Oh beautiful that is Then we take our Onions Coriander or I don't know green onion some lime Squeeze in one piece of lime Got your Sriracha got the bean sprouts Got your poison poison guys not poison poison with the H alright Get into this guys I got some basil so we're gonna rip in some fresh good basil and We got Some sawtooth You guys know what sawtooth is it's pretty much like cilantro But even better I promise you all right I'm truly moment of science for this please You know this is gonna be good Perfect weather for foot All right, I don't have the real spoon for this because I broke it all accidentally Quick time guys to brought and it's got it nice. I can't wait Wow Just incredible Wow Foot in an hour and a half Guys foot in an hour and a half I'm impressed I'm very impressed guys the noodles quick time. It's got nice. I'm pumped for this I'm Super impressed man my noodles are not overcooked. So that's a bonus That's incredible Mm-hmm I think the only bad thing Well is that it's too small When I make blood guys I make like I make enough for like 30 people All right, this is what I want to do I want to dip my meat So I got poison and soracha here poison guys not poison Some guys always say it's poison. It's poison guys quick fire poison sauce. It's good Come on nice, pop for this Mm-hmm Unbelievable delicious I'm impressed with this thing Look how jelly it is tended With time if you guys almost do tended for a long time it is rock hard But this guys this just melts in your mouth. I guarantee this melts your mouth. Nice Yep, just melts in my mouth I'm gonna say this I'm never gonna cook for the traditional way ever again Every time I cook for now I will cook it in a pressure cooker or the instant pot Mm-hmm Excuse me time Well, and I think it's done Well this dude and I don't even have to worry about it. I just let it be Versus the original way Every hour I have to check the water just because it always evaporates Oh Sorry reduce down but For this it didn't even reduce down that's amazing That's that's a one thing I'll scared of I was worried about this being reduced down to like two quarts of water or two quarts of rock But it stayed four quarts That's amazing that's amazing my books Just unbelievable delicious Last night I couldn't stop thinking about this I don't know why I was thinking how bad it will be in the end That's definitely wrong I Know some of you guys miss me eating the Thai chili with this I Stop eating the Thai chili with this just because I don't like how it comes out after That's pretty gross while I'm still eating I ain't gonna lie probably the best for ever best for ever made You guys might try this out Buy it in some box try this recipe at home I can't wait to show my mom this she didn't even know right now Six hours versus one hour That's just incredible legit that's incredible I'm so impressed with this It's so beautiful I'm legit be on impressed by this machine guys you guys gonna cup yourself one and try this recipe Oh, guys enjoy this one don't forget to subscribe you have it also don't forget to pick one your pop Share to full recipe for this shirt like share Face up