 What's going on everybody? Bigger in here. Brand new another how-to video. Okay, you know how you guys get those work shirts has got the main badges on it. Shit, different names, their company name, all that. If you ever come across a shirt like that in the garage sale or anything like that, first off I'm not supposed to do it with a headly shirt, so we're supposed to do that to begin with. But we are not going to put the person's name or the name of the company I pull this channel or any other person. I've already started the name of it anyhow. I started the badge pretty much. I'm just showing you guys kind of a red neck way of taking these badges off. I mean if you have a nice one you want to keep it nice and clean. All this and that. The one I've got here, looks very good. Not really dirty. Let's go. It's a work shirt for me. We're going to out down trucks or car or whatever. We're just simply on the road. Some of these help. And on the source for that I do have my buddy's truck over here. We're like blink turd. Here we'll be working on that here a little bit too. The first setting first guy is going to put this nasty dark stoker in. I still got that crown. I'll put this in guys. I'll be right back. We'll be doing this here. I'll show you the tools. You're pretty much going to want me to pour it and it actually works. You'll see that here in a minute. So once I put this in guys I'll be right back. So see you here in a minute. And we're back. We're going to put it back. Okay. First thing person will show you guys is your heat charger. I've got. I'll take you off the deal here. And we're going to look at my hands. I'll show you this new charger that I have from my phone. It's pretty neat. Charger. You pick it up at one more for ten bucks. Ten bucks guys. Come on. Just a little thing here. Make sure. But yeah, it's a little pocket juice. Works pretty good. Not here in the garage. Yes. I have this. This. I have the charger and everything in the garage. But I'm deciding to use this instead of the charger itself out here. So I'll put you guys down here. You can see what I'm doing. And as I said, I'm not putting any information. Okay. So it's time to have this shirt. Just in case you watch the U-Team. Just in case you watch the U-Team or something else guys. It's simple enough. This here is yes. A red vending machine. I'll do the tutorial of painting that too. But until then, we've got this here. Alright. Let's lose. Y'all are going to need to remove this here patch. As you see, I already started a little bit. Don't need that. Running the mill torch. You can get them at gas stations. You can get them at hardware stores. You can get them at Walmart. Wherever you get torches. You're going to need it. It helps it works. And next to you're going to need a simple red vending machine. Now the mill. Pleasers. Gotta have the pliers. Pleasers, pleasers. Pleasers. What the fuck am I talking about? Need one of those pliers. Pleasers work too. But need one of those pliers. That's what you need. And secondly, down there. Anything else. You guys can get to put behind the batch. I've got a little shovel here. It's just simply there. So you don't burn through a shirt. So I wish this thing had kind of tilted a little bit. So I can show y'all what I'm doing. I'll go ahead and stick that up there. I'll cover up that. And I'm going to go to this edge right here. Take this. We've got all of those. That edge right there. You gotta be quick with this because the glue dries awfully fast. Yeah, sure. I mean blue drives really fast. Really, really fast. So you have to be fast with this yourself guys. So pretty much. You're taking the fire. Jump in the areas that you guys already got to. Me and a buddy of mine tried to use iron. And you don't have. You don't have the glue to remove. The glue remover or whatever to remove this stuff. It's kind of a pain in the ass guys. Literally. So pretty much. You guys see that's working. See it's working. It's coming up. Yeah, you're going to have to glue residue there. Okay, it's work. But all right, I'm going to take the rest of this off guys. I'll be back. And I'll show you the end result. And we're back once again. This video is too very long guys. Hopefully it's all right. But there is the end result right there. Now it gets to patch off. I mean, you still got the glue and you still got some other chunks there. But I mean, you can just I can go and heat that shit up real nice real quick, whatever. Take your pliers. If you're wanting to look nice. Or whatever, I don't care. It's being used to work on trucks and cars and pretty much a work shirt. But you got the name off of it. Yeah, you can kind of still see the B and crap in the name. But there it is guys. Well, I got war patch to do. And that's it for the shirt. I'll be out working on blue turd for my buddy Logan. He's down at home. But I guess you all we did not. Anybody really cares if you like the video. Give me a thumbs up. It's probably a crappy video. But trying to get better guys. But all right, it's big red here. I'll talk to you all later. And I'll see you on the next video. Have a good one.