 Hi guys, welcome to Confrute Life Channel. I hope you're doing great and in this video I thought we would talk about a perfect safe and actually very affordable uh, sedary disinfecting solutions or natural cleansing spray or uh, sanitizer. You could use for your kids toys, for the stroller and actually for just the house to clean the kitchen for cleaning the bathroom, anything you can imagine. I personally even washed the floors with it. Well, the reason I am talking about this right now is that because when you have kids and you definitely want to go as chemical free and it's possible but at the same time you want things to be effective, right? In this terms here we need to make sure that the baby's not exposed to let's say too many germs and obviously we have to clean the baby's toys, you know, because you carry them around, they fall and you know, it's just they become dirty and um, even though I think that certain amount of germs is not by no means bad for your baby. Actually germs might be beneficial because they help to build up the immune system for your baby. But of course you have to make sure that they are clean. So what I normally do, I try to clean my baby's toys, you know, every second day and obviously you have to clean the pacifiers or teethers and the bottles on a daily basis. There are two simple ways of sanitizing things like pacifiers, bottles or teethers. You can either boil them, which is extremely simply just get a big, you know, pot and fill it up with water, put the toys in there and boil for 15 minutes, then make sure you know they get cool and then they dry, you air dry them. If you have a dishwasher, you could use that and it's actually a very convenient tool for this reason. But if you just need to make sure that, you know, you have big toys, electronic musical toys and even the, you know, your favorite baby's teddy bear, they also need to be cleaned. And you obviously cannot boil them. And in this case, you will need to use a solution that I'm happy to share with you and give you a couple of options here. So one of the easiest way to prepare a sanitizing spray solution is to mix one cup of distilled vinegar with one cup of distilled water. And basically you are done. Well, you could obviously add essential oils. Well, with the essential oils, I would be very careful because if you have kids under two, most of the oils are not allowed, you know, I normally use an essential oil. I use either 30 drops of lavender oil or about, you know, 5, 10 drops of the tea tree oil, both I know as perfect, you know, and the bacterial essential oils. When I, every time I clean my toils, I make sure my baby's not around. And well, I guess that makes a lot of sense. So the way to use this solution, I can show you. I use a spray bottle. I basically mix everything and put it in a spray bottle. And then when you have a toy, you spray the solution on it, light it sit for one, two minutes, and then you wipe it clean or you let it air dry. If you have, let's say, like a musical table and you need to make sure you clean it, I normally get just a cloth and I spray the solution on the cloth and then I wipe the toy. If you're interested, I am using regular Hines distilled vinegar. I normally buy it in big amounts like one gallon. If you have some extra time and want to, so to do something really nice, you could make an infused vinegar. For this reason, you could use the lemon peel or the orange peel even and get some rosemary and just make it infused. Let it sit for a day or so. And then you use it, you know, the same as the sanitizing spray. Also, you could use vinegar, this solution, not only for the toys, I would recommend you using it for, you know, wiping up the baby's high cheer, the dining table, the stroller. As far as essential oils, there are certain essential oils that by no means you need even two, you know, diffused around kids. I can put the list down below and of course you could do your own research. But the such oils is lemon tea tree oil, lavender lemon grass oil and orange oil. You should be fine, you know, if you use it in a spray bottle and then you cleanse your toy with it. I'm talking about the spray here, not a topical application. Another, so, and another recipe, which is not a bit of a recipe, is for you to get a hydrogen peroxide, a 3% topical solution. And this could be a perfect cleaner by itself already. Well, first of all, if you want to have some cider or smell, you know, and add some unto the material, properties you could of course also add lemon during tea tree oil and lemon oil. And the way you use it is absolutely the same as the sanitizing spray. You wipe your toys with it, or just spray it on the toys. And the same thing, you wipe it clean, or let it add dry. Sometimes, you could, you know, sometimes when I wash like once a week, I usually wash all the toys. Not only wipe them, but I really wash them. For this reason, I could use either, you know, the bathtub or even the kitchen sink. And what I do, I fill it up with the really hot water. I put all the toys in there, and then I could add either some vinegar, or I could add some baking soda, or I can add the hydrogen peroxide for this case. But in my opinion, you know, if you want to, if you're washing the toys already, you just fill up the sink or the bathtub, and then you do the water, you like a soapy water, you let it sit in there, and then you just wash them, you know, run the water. So there is no soap or baking soda solutions. Let them, then you let it air dry. So that's as easy as that. Another way I use an hydrogen peroxide for the kid could be, if you have, you know, maybe, maybe toothbrush, which, you know, he's carrying around, because, you know, he's brushing his teeth, or you brush the teeth, or before he goes to sleep, or after every meal, you could basically soap his toothbrush, he's in a cup of hydrogen peroxide. Another reason I really like hydrogen peroxide is that you can clean the plush and, you know, the fabric toys with it. You just spray it on it, and it's actually, you know, the studies prove that it can prevent the spread of the disease. Another thing I always have on hand, as far as policing, is 70% alcohol. I normally use the solution to wipe the strollers' handles, because, you know, you are, you know, in the supermarket, whenever you are, you always touch the handles, and then you touch the babies, you always touch the handles. You always want to make sure they are clean. So I use that, and I'm really happy about it. The smell evaporates as it's alcohol, they're very fast. I also know some people in place of vinegar, they also use either vodka or alcohol, but I find vinegar works just better. So these are my tips of cleansing babies' toys, you know, bottles and pacifies and whatnot. I never use blitzing my house, and I think it's not really the best idea. I think that the DIY sanitizing spray using either vinegar or the hydrogen peroxide, it works just perfectly fine for me, and I hope you will like this recipe as well. As always, I wish you to stay very happy, very healthy. I wish just all the best for your kids. Please put the thumbs up if you like this video. Subscribe to my channel, and I'll see you later.