 I'm doing something completely different today than we've done in the past on this channel. It's a really, really beautiful place. It's actually a little tiny stream. You can see right here behind me, pours into a lake back there. There we go. Hooked up. God, finally. That's like a second gen one right there. That's a beautiful trout. Hell, yes. Ooh, yep. He's looking at it. He got it. I'm going to clean him here at the lake, I think. And then I'm going to head home and cook them up. Successful day, man. It really had to work for them though. All right, time to do some cleaning. This is my favorite place to clean. It's right on the bank of whatever creek. That way, the current's going that way. So there's a lake right there. A lot of catfish, bass, everything else in there. So here's what we're going to do. Hole in the rectum right there. Slit all the way up to the throat. I'm going to get in here, rip out everything. Like I said, put in the creek for the catfish, bass, anything else, pike that want to eat that blue gill. That way you're not wasting anything. You're not throwing a trash can or a dumpster, nothing. Going to come in here. The good thing about the river too is you can rinse them out just like so. Once all the guts are out of there, you're going to take your thumb right along this backbone. And you've got to get that layer of, I don't know what that is back there, but it's nasty. Makes everything taste fishy, gross. Get it all the way down as far back as you can right there. You can usually do that while we're in the thumb. All right, then we're going to leave this guy whole, but we're going to take the head off. I don't know what the point would be to leave the head on. A lot of people do, but are you going to do? Break this back, twist it off. This guy doesn't want to break. Basically keep twisting until it comes off. Try out heading the river. Clean it all up. At this point, all we got to do is cut some fins off and we are golden. So take our knife. I come right in there. Mostly you can just pull them off. You need a little bit of help with the knife. But that right there is about all she wrote. Then we're going to come in here and take off these fins. Very nice, beautiful trout. To put on ice in the cooler, we will see him at home. All right, well, got the treats full-headed. We ended up with five total. I was going to only keep four, but then I caught another one and the dude that was buying me, I got talking to him a little bit, said that they pretty much die as soon as you let him go. Not to many of these lives, so kept him as well. We will be sure to eat all those. As you saw, leave them whole and you saw me wash everything off in the creek. I would strongly recommend washing them off thoroughly at home before you cook them as well. But home is where I'm headed next. I guess about two and a half, two hours, 45 minutes from home. And I will catch you guys there to get these trout nice and cooked. Right, back at the house. Here we go. This is what we're going to do to cook these beautiful trout we got. We'll put it with a little sheet of foil. Let's spray that with some cooking spray so the skin doesn't stick to it too bad. All right, of course, got our beautiful rainbow trout, which we just had to dry a little bit. Here's what we're going to do. Salt and pepper on the outside and the inside of both. Everything there. It's not an exact science. Throw quite a bit on there. You're good to go. Drizzle some olive oil. It's the next step. We're going to drizzle a little bit of olive oil in there. Don't want to overpower with olive oil. You don't want a too oily. Just enough so everything cooks nice and even. We're going to hit him with a little bit of dill. Don't want too much. Dill is just fantastic with this. Come over here. We're going to take about, that's way too much. Take about a clove worth of garlic. Spread it out in there. We're going to take a full sprig of parsley from the garden, which we will take out before eat, of course. Got our parsley in there. We're going to come over here. Got some of this green onion from the garden. Load them up with green onion. As you can see, this is not exact science. Of course, we got some rosemary as well. We do not want to put too much rosemary. Rosemary can really overpower anything, but it gives it a really, really nice flavor. This is fresh grown too, by Mrs. Melican fishing rosemary as the deal. One more step. We're going to grab some of these little lemon slices. All were the better for this guy, because he's getting loaded. Just like so. Jam him in there. Boom. All right, we only got one thing left to do, and that is fold this guy up like a burrito. Try to get as much of the air out as possible. We're going to take him and put it in a baking sheet just to be sure we don't suppose to fill any oven. It's preheating to 400 degrees. We're going to put these guys in the oven. Top rack, 20 minutes, and we'll catch you there. Now while we're waiting for those guys to cook, just want to let you guys know real quick. There is no right or wrong way to cook a trout. There's so many different types of ways you can do. You can grill it, pan fry it, pan-sear it, make fish tacos out of it. There's all different types of ways you can cook trout. This is what we're doing tonight that we're going to bake it tonight, 20 minutes with those nice garlic, olive oil herbs inside. It's a really good way to eat it. Plus, you get a ton of meat off it. It's better than flaying it to me when you have these smaller one and a half to two pound trout to just go ahead and take the guts out, take the head off, take the fins off, and just peel that skin off when it's done. I'm super stoked though. Go down, hit the thumbs up right now if you like these kitchen cooks out videos. I know a lot of you guys like the frog legs kitchen cook video. That was a little more exotic than this, but I'm down to try whatever. So comment below, let me know what you want to see on the next kitchen cook. Uh-huh. Mmm-hmm. Well, as you can see, it was delicious. I didn't think I needed to give you a flavor profile while I was eating it, but didn't overpower with a lemon. It's a nice garlic that herbs. It was just awesome. I would strongly recommend this recipe. But as always, thank you guys for taking the time to watch this video today. Let me know down in the comments if you like these kitchen cook style videos. I'd like to get out and do some more trout fishing. Trout fishing is something that's, I've done for a long time. It's a lot of fun to me. I love getting out and doing more natural environments and the Rockies and the mountains and stuff like that, but I had a lot of fun today. It kind of brought me back to my roots this morning. I'm fishing there too. But for now, I am out of here. I will catch you guys on the next one. Peace.