 Hey everybody, it's Brad. Hi, I'm Christa. With the big family home setting today, we've got a very special recipe that has made me the man I am in all its glory and fullness. We are making three cheese and chicken spaghetti. Today we're going to make three cheese chicken spaghetti and it is delicious and easy peasy peasy. And it takes absolutely no time when you use our thrive life ingredients, but you don't have to. You can use store-bought ingredients in the same exact proportions that we're going to show you. But you'll see that the thrive life stuff is amazing and fast. And it's the same as fresh. It's better than fresh. And we'll talk a little bit about that later. As a matter of fact, hang tight because anybody who's interested in learning more about the business side, we've got a deal that is hard to beat. And well, blah, blah, blah. Let's get to the ingredients. So for our ingredients, we are going to go ahead and use your choice of pasta. One pound of pasta. We've got two cups of chicken, two tablespoons of grape seed oil, two tablespoons of minced garlic. We love the garlic. And we've got a quarter cup of chopped onion, one cup of cream, one cup of chicken broth. Then we're also going to use one cup of pasta water. And you've got one cup of your choice of three different cheeses. Parsley, salt, pepper to taste, and we're ready to rock. Okay, first things first, you're going to get your spaghetti or whatever pasta you choose into the water boiling. I wanted to show you a little trick that, you know, the pasta is too long like this and you got to break it up. So when you're actually cooking it, just take the box. And now you're ready for the races. Alright, now we're going to give those a quick stir so they don't stick together. Pasta that sticks together is whole clumpy and gross. Nobody wants that. Bad jujube. Alright, now we're going to go ahead and put our oil into the skillet and then get our onions and garlic sauteing. And it goes our two tablespoons of garlic, heaping, I might add. Give her a stir, baby cakes. Alright, so now I'm going to go ahead and take a ladle full of the pasta water in here and our chicken broth. Oops, there was some left at the bottom so I'm going to go ahead and just clean that up. Swirl these, whirl. Swirl them. And then our go ahead and put our cream in there. Now you're going to bring this to a simmer and our pasta is almost done and we're going to go ahead and put the pasta when it's done into this yummy delicious sauce. Okay, our spaghetti is done so I'm going to strain this pasta, sorry, pasta. Wait, before you do, I need to get some more pasta water in case this gets too thick. Okay, well you grab that and I'm going to prepare my fingers for the transportation of the goodies, the who's it's in the who's it's. Alright. Spaghetti accomplished. Now one quick note, you don't actually rinse this because you want that sauce that's going to be made to stick better to the pasta so it may seem like a little sticky in your strainer right now, that's going to be okay. In goes our pasta and Mama's going to go ahead and start to jiggle arise. Jiggle arise. I think that's the correct term. Not the term, no, not at all. Jiggle arise. Look it up in the dictionary. It's got a picture of Mama with her delicious fingers jiggle arising. I guess that's jiggle arising. You are one of the best jiggle arises I've ever seen, baby. Alright, now we're going to add our chicken and get that jiggle arise in there. You like my term now? That's great. Okay, now while that is simmering for just about a minute or two, oh my gosh it smells good. It really does smell good. Garlic, yum. Garlic, yum. I wanted to take just a second to let you guys know the business side of thrive life. Now there's many of you who are our customers out there and we are so grateful. It's how we can do what we can do. It's how we can actually bring you these videos and all the silly stuff we do in the barn and well my general silliness. Yes. So thank you for being our customers. But if you are interested in becoming a thrive life consultant, there are a lot of benefits that go along with that. There's free shipping, there's discounts, there's advanced sales. And if you are interested, we want to offer you a thank you. Last month we did the same thing and this month we want to offer you free stuff for signing up. Yes. And so if you sign up for the $265 business builder kit or the business builder plus kit, we will send you four pantry can sizes of veggies. Just to add to the kit that you get. And then if you get the $135 kit, we will also send you two of the pantry's can sizes of the veggies. And that's just, that's from us. That's coming from us. Thank you. You're still going to get all the stuff that thrive life will send you. And trust me when I say this guys, the amount of change that has happened in our lives because of joining thrive life is not really measurable. No. It's replaced her and I both salaries, almost double. Yeah. And I'm not saying that would be, you know, everything for you because obviously you're different than we are. But there are, you know, a lot of people go, well, you have a YouTube channel and I have to say, okay, hold on a second. 95% or more of the people that make a living with thrive life don't have a YouTube channel. Right. Right. So it's completely doable without having, you know, big family homestead. Right. Well, and it has also helped our family when preparing meals, you know, working outside and in the barn we need to get inside and eat dinner quickly. This affords us that opportunity to do that. It just, it makes dinner prep just so much faster so we don't have to chop broccoli or onions or whatever. We don't have to chop pretty much anything. It's fast, fast, fast. All of the food is super healthy. Like the chicken. You know what's in it? Chicken. You know what? No, they're sold. This particular one is sold. You can get them without salt. Right. Right. It's like one word ingredients and we love that. I'm going to be done yacking here and finish up this recipe. But if you're interested, yeah, I'm going to. But if you're interested in finding out more, email me info. Big family homestead at gmail.com. I'll put a link down below. But I got to tell you what guys. Now is the perfect time to join up because next month is one of the big, big sale months. They put everything on sale and you'll have access to that and the better pricing earlier. And free shipping and all kinds of goodies. Right. We don't know the exact dates of the sale yet, but we know it is towards the, it's like third or fourth week of the month. Yeah. So it looks like we're ready to add our ingredients. So I'm done talking. All right. So now we're going to go ahead and add our salt and our pepper and our parsley. And you can. About a teaspoon. About a teaspoon. About a teaspoon. Two tablespoons of parsley. Of parsley. Of parsley. And this is freeze-dried parsley. You can use fresh, you can use fresh or dried, it's entirely up to you. That's your ground black pepper. Give her a go, baby. Give her a go. You were grinding. I love it. Pretty much gracious. All right. Now we're going to go ahead and give this a stir, get those flavors, rock it. I think my jigglerizer might be a better tool. Yep. That's working good. All right. Now we're going to go ahead and add our cheese blend. And did I happen to mention you can use whatever cheeses you want. We have cheddar, Parmesan, and then a cheese blend powder that is awesome. It makes the best macaroni and cheese. Now we're going to mix this in, get this all incorporated. I think the jigglerizer is not going to work. I'm going to go to tongs. You're going to tongs? I want to tongs. All right. Switching gears. Tongues. Tongues engage. Oh yeah. Way better. And we are done. Feast your eyes upon this. Oh my old answer, baby. That looks dug on here as good as you. Would you like it for? I would love it for you. I would love it for you. I want you to work this bowl of pasta. You ready to be able to get in here? Get in on this action. Ooh, look at this steamy steamy. I'm probably going to hurt myself right now. Most likely. Give her a go. Give her a go. Okay. Okay. Mm. Mm. We got a man down. Man down. Mm. That is really delightful. The cheese is perfect. It's not overwhelming. It's creamy. Mm-hmm. The chicken has got that awesome right texture. It doesn't feel like you're chewing on, um, I don't even know how to put it. Like beef jerky. It tastes right. Yeah. It tastes like freshly cooked chicken breasts. Mm-hmm. Mm. No. Easy guys. Fast. If you're a person that's got, like, primes with your hands, and you don't want to chop vegetables because it hurts, this is perfect. Mm-hmm. You just scoop stuff and throw it in there, and it's the right ingredient. It's not like some weird synthetic thing. No. Please, don't forget that if you want to sign up in this month, we want to send you goodies, but it's got to be in this month. That's right. And just remember, info. It's a big family home set at gmail.com. You really want to consider signing up because next month is the big sale. Big sale, yeah. All right, guys. Three cheese and chicken spaghetti. If we weren't talking, it probably would have taken 10 minutes. Oh, yeah. This is one of those awesome meals that it can be just done fast. Yep. Yep. And you can swap things out. I feel like I want this cheese, or I want not chicken. I want to put something else in. Right. Get creative with it. You could put shrimp in this, which I know you would love. You could use beef. Or maybe maybe a lemon juice from the shrimp. You know it would be good. Killbasa. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Fast meals easy, healthy, good. Yep. So there it is, I'm Brad. I'm Chris. With a big family home set, and you guys have an amazing day. Don't forget to email me. It's good stuff.