 Hi guys, how are you today? And we'll come to Cookie Meat round. Today I'm going to show you how to make the Sri Ranko Nistai Popus at the youngest kitchen. And so I'm going to show you the ingredients first. And so I got the rice flour here and then I got 1 beaten egg and I got some yeast with the sugar. And I already mixed it up to make it easy. And I got a pinch of salt here and I got some coconut milk. And then first of all you need to add the salt to the rice flour like that. It's according to your taste and then you can add the yeast and sugar mix. So as you can see you need to leave it about 5 minutes to make it rice. Just mix it up a little bit and then put it here. This is about 1kg of rice flour. And then I'm going to add a little bit of the coconut milk like this. So what you need to achieve is to get a batter like a pancake mix. Mix it up a little bit. Add it. If you think it is not enough, add some more. Make sure you don't add all the milk in the same pan because if it is too runny it doesn't work. A bit of the coconut milk. Mix it up a little bit. Mix it up. Like this. Mix it up like that. Here we go guys. I already mixed the batter as you can see. See this is the consistency which is same as the consistency as pancake. So as you can see the consistency. Now I'm going to mix this big egg. Mix it big egg. Then you can easily remove the hoppers from this pan. Mix it up now. And if you think if the batter is too runny you can mix it up a little bit more rice flour later on. So you mix it up like this. Mix it there. So then see this batter is like pretty good. And then you leave this batter about 1-2 hours. And then you can start with your hoppers. And I'll see you with another one of the hoppers. Hi guys. So now I'm going to make the hoppers now. So I'm going to show you how to make. This is the batter that I made earlier. So as you can see how past the consistency of it. And I've already got the pan and I've already set up everything. So I'm going to heat up the pan for a bit. And then I'm going to make the hoppers live. This is Sri Lankan Hoppers, authentic Sri Lankan Hoppers. And I've already made some hoppers as well. But I'm going to show you now. And I'm going to heat up now. So I'm going to get a mix it first little bit. And then about 1 spoon. About 1 spoon. And then you pour it right away. And then you can just. It didn't work. It didn't work. Just very little bit. Just to make sure guys the pan shouldn't be too hot. If the pan is too hot the batter won't stick with the pan. And it will like crack. So just make sure the pan is not that too hot. So you're trying again with some other one. About 1 spoon of the batter. And pour it here. And then start to do it like that. Get it like a shape of the hoppers. Sri Lankan Hoppers. Here we go. Like this. Like it nicely. Like this. As you can see, this is the hoppers. And then I'm going to put the lid now here. Here we go. We're about 2 to 3 mains. And you can see like a golden brown colour. Beautiful Sri Lankan style hoppers. Just wait for a bit. And so you can see how all the bubbly bubbles and everything here. And leave the lid a little bit. And do it like that. That way in this way you can get it like a crispy edges. So that way you might like it with the crispy edges. Hoppers. Okay. There's about 2 to 3 minutes. That will be enough to cook this beautiful hoppers. Okay. Make sure you always have like a low flame. If you have a high flame, it won't work. It will burn the hoppers. So make sure you always have a low flame. And to get a beautiful Sri Lankan hopper. Always keep checking if it is burning or not. And the heat up really good. The smell is really good coming out from this one. It smells like coconut and all the things. See, you can see it's almost there now. As you can see, almost there. Almost there. Now I'll try to cook the edges of the hoppers. Make sure you always use a good cloth, that piece of cloth as well. Otherwise you will end up with burning your hand. So make sure you use a piece of cloth as well. I already burned my hand a few times earlier. So just make sure. Okay. Now see, you can see the hopper is ready to go now. See how easy it is. You don't even have to use this thing. It's a spatula to remove it. It's already removed. Alright, here we go. I already made some hoppers earlier. So as you can see, this is Sri Lankan style hoppers at the wrong description. If you guys want to try, you are welcome to try. Come here at the wrong description today. And you can try some Sri Lankan hoppers with Sri Lankan chicken curry. Thanks for watching the videos and we'll see you with some more videos in next time. Thank you very much.