 Alright, I'm going to show you how to change the front brake pads on a 1998 Toyota 4Runner. And this is the same for the 96-98 and possibly 1999-98 as well. Here it is. The first thing you want to do is to make sure your tire is turned almost completely. So that gives you easier access. So once you've got your tire off, these two things are the brake pads and those are what you need to take out and replace. And what you need to do to get those off is first you have to take this pin out and then that will allow you to slide these out that way. Both of these things will go out, slide out that way. And then that will allow you to take this off which is holding the brake pads in place and then you can pull the brake pads right out. So I'll show you how to do that. And I have that out. Now you can take a little hammer and tap those out as much as you can right there. Now you just need to get some pliers or something similar to help you get this out as much as you can until you can grab it from right here. And it should just slide right out of there. And you'll have that off and you want to get this bottom one off still. So now what you need to do to get the brake pads out is compress the cylinders right now. You need to compress them so you can pull them out. So what you want to do is just gently squeeze on each of them until they compress enough and on both of them. Just keep them off. Just slower. Again. Then they'll just pop right out. If they look like that and they're all the way bald down, that's when you know they need to be replaced. Hold one, and then pull them flat. So now you want to put it in just like you took it out. These things are going to go on top. Then you want to put it in the right amount so these pins can slide back into the holes on the top and bottom. This side needs to be compressed a little bit more before it'll the new paddle fit back in. So just stick your old one back in there and slowly compress it again. That's on top. Now you want to start putting your pins back in. Put them in from this side once it gets to about there. Place this back in. This pin goes right here. The top one goes right there. Now this pin goes in. Push this down under there. Now you need to put this back in. What you want to do is line your holes, these holes back up so that you can get the this thing to fit back. So you can put it in how it's supposed to be. So that pops in there and then go back into the holes. Now you do the passenger side exactly the same. The only thing that's different is these two hooks on it are different than the driver ones. So you take them in and put them in exactly the same. They're just going like that on the passenger side.