 Hi, welcome to Elixquilay Elixquil de Guide Service. I got a big old pot of salmon eggs here. I'm going to cure it and I'm going to show you how I cure my eggs. Alright, first off, get your salmon eggs in a, like a one gallon sized pot. What I do is I get some, some warm water, because I'm going to add a few different things here to this wok. We eggs, so you want to make sure that your crystals, your salt and the ground sugar, dissolve it out of the plate. Alright. I'm filling the pot with some warm water. Naha, the boil in by any means. Just warm enough to where you can get your salt and all that dissolved. Alright, so it's full of water. Now, I use canning salt. You can use kosher salt. It has to be non-iodized as it's a becane and pickling salt. It doesn't have any iodine in it. It'll, the iodine will destroy your eggs. It's pretty much for pot about that size. I take a full cup of salt, I can get that out of here. I have a little chunk in there. Squeeze a little bit here. Just fighting me a little bit here. I'll get her out. There we go. And that's my dog Wilson. He loves fish. Alright, so you take a whole cup of salt, get down buddy. Put it in there. Mix it around. When I get it all good and dissolved. And then what I also add is I add brown sugar. This tends to make a milk a little bit more. Get them a little bit of a flavor to it. Now, this is my general eye cure. I don't do anything too crazy after this. This is just just standard egg cure. It's one that they go crazy. Now, what I do though, after I let these sit for an hour like this. Then I'll rinse them off. I'll dry them off on some paper towels on a big cookie sheet. And then the individual jars or bags I'll put. If you want garlic flavor, I use the minced garlic. I just drain some of the juice out of the bottle into the bag or the end of the can. I'm putting them in. Then shake them around a little bit. Let them sit. You got garlic flavor. And if you want vanilla flavor, just take some vanilla extract. Like you use for bacon. Pour that in the bag or the bottle. Shake it around. Let it sit. You're good to go. You got garlic flavor. You got vanilla flavor. Do you got your standard regular salt and brown sugar cure here. Now, this isn't the cure that I'll keep them good for years. This will keep them good in your fridge for a full season. You want a bag that's airtight or a mason jar that's airtight. They'll stay good and they won't run. But if you're looking to keep them for two season three seasons, that won't do it. You'll have to freeze them at that point. Then you're starting to make the eggs a little bit different texture of what not from freezing. But that's how I cure my salmon eggs. I do the same thing with trout eggs. If you want the colorful eggs, then you got to add some dying things like that. Or you buy the actual egg cures that have dying in them. But this is how I do it at home without buying anything extra. This big old thing of salt, I think, was like two bucks. Then that's enough salt to keep you for a couple of seasons. So again, salt, non-eyed-eye salt, brown sugar, standard mix. You want to spice it up. You throw a little garlic juice in there. I throw a little vanilla extract in there. Then you're good to go. That would give you three different types of eggs, sacks, flavors wise. When I'm tying eggs, sacks for a fishing trip or a guide trip, I usually tie four or five different colors and a couple of different flavors. Sometimes, depending on the day, anything can happen. So look me up on Facebook. Let's go to the Alex County Guide Service.