 Hey guys, I'm Jennifer and I'm Trevor and we're from show me yummy and today we are making a strawberry watermelon sangria. Let's do it. Yeah, let's do it. So Trevor is going to start by cutting up some watermelon. Alright, I'm getting into this. So hopefully he doesn't cut a finger off. And while he's doing that, I'm going to cut up some strawberries. Okay, so we've got our fruit cut up and now we go to the blender. So we're going to start with the watermelon and then we're going to move on to the strawberries after that. Now while this is blending, I'm going to tell you guys the key and the biggest secret of cooking ever. So I think we're all on the same page that's going to change your life. That's a really good tip. Thank you. Yeah, anyway, so we've got the watermelon in there and now now we're going to actually strain this back into our measuring cup because if there's one thing I can tell you about my wife, she does not like pulp. I hate pulp. It's disgusting. A little passion. So I'm just going to gently pour this in here. This is a half a half a watermelon, three cups of juice. Yeah. Okay, so this can now be. You can get rid of that and while you do that, I'm going to place my strawberries in the blender now, which I just cut up a pint of strawberries. I just took the green part off. So those go into the vitamin. And I also used one lemon. So that goes in there too. Just to make it a little smoother. Sweet, tart. Tart. Lemon. Okay, so now we're just going to blend it up. So now that we have our strawberries pureed with the lemon juice, we strained that out. Chunk-free. Just how I like it. It's so good. Now, Trevor's going to finish cutting up some fruit. Typically in a sangria, you see fruit as a garnish. It looks pretty. It tastes great. And then when you're done drinking the sangria, you can eat the fruit and it can soak in alcohol. Good luck, your punch there. Taste. Taste. How was it? Oh yeah. It's awesome. The strawberry vodka with the strawberry puree. Woo! Yeah, yeah, that'll wake you up. That'll knock you over. That'll put hair on your chest. Ha ha! Careful, Trevor. What's up? Cheers! Cheers. Enjoy watermelon sangria. Ready? Mm-hmm. Oh my god, that's so good. That's really good. It's not too sweet. The watermelon flavor is subtle, but really good. Check this out. This will be on the blog, which will be able to link to below. If you like watermelon sangria, you like this video. Go ahead and like us down there. And we hope that you follow us and subscribe to the channel and check out more of these fantastic recipes. We're going to be doing it three times a week. So excited. Very excited. Bye. Bye guys. Do you want to say it? Hold on. We need to start over tonight because you have green all over your face. Thanks a lot.