 Okay, good evening, good morning to those people overseas. Let's go ahead and take this off. I want to say hello and welcome to all of you. It's been a beautiful day, a long day, and it's going to be a great program for all of you. I want to say hello to all those people in the chat room as we build our notifications out worldwide. Today is going to be a great, interesting program talking about calcium deposits. This is one of my favorite topics because there are so many conditions like calcific tendonitis in the shoulder, bursitis problems that occur in the joints. And I'm going to go over some different important things to teach you about things that you can do to get out calcium out of your body. I'm talking about in your breast, in your shoulders, kidney stones, in the vertebrae, great remedies, and there's only three of them. And one of them you may even know, and I'm going to go over those with you. I just want to briefly state a little bit about unwanted calcium. Science still does not know exactly why I think a lot of it is from diet. Even stress, hormonal changes that take place within the thyroid, the parathyroid that regulates the calcium levels in the body. The adrenal glands, as I said, the thyroid gland takes a tremendous and effect, but when we start developing calcification, and it can happen anywhere, there are millions of people out there who get calcification kidney stones, gall stones. In the tendon of the supers binatus, calcific tendonosis, even I have that, and why am I doing the program tonight? Because I'm a testimonial for you, and I'll get to that in a second. I'm a testimonial for you because an MRI was taken to me about a half a year ago and retaken, and it's about 65% gone of my calcification in my shoulder. And I'm telling you one of the big things we'll talk about is apple cider vinegar. But let's go and show you some important things before we get into the remedies. Let's go over some important pictures to give you a good understanding about what exactly we're talking about. Then I'll get you excited, then I'll share some literature and some science and some remedies with you, and then hopefully you'll get the big picture of why I'm here with you tonight. Let's look at this here. We look at this particular bone here. We have calcification inside the knee, extra calcium being laid down. This is degeneration, but there is calcium in the soft tissue. We're talking about calcification in that soft tissue. That's what leads to a lot of inflammation. There are different enzymes and chemicals that are being released from calcium in the body that can cause inflammation in the bursa. Let's go ahead and take this off. Okay, so there we look at calcific tendonitis. I have it right now. This will cause bursitis. Hydroxyapatite, a chemical within the calcium that's being laid down, starts to ease and starts to ooze, starts to change, and this calcium starts to affect the bursa. Now, millions of people get bursitis, tendonitis, and there are so many people out there that don't even know they have this calcium, unless an x-ray is taken. But I can tell you that there are ways that we're going to learn tonight how we can diminish this calcium because I am an example. I've used it on patients, I've used it on myself, and I can tell you from my heart, the truth is here. As I said, I took an MRI, if you just tuned in with me, about six months, eight months ago, and retook it a few weeks ago, and the calcific tendonosis, which they wanted to do surgery on there, causing bursitis that I had in the past, is about 65% gone right now, all from apple cider vinegar. Okay, so let's go over here. We talk about another joint that's in the knee again. As we move up here, that's another tendonitis, calcific tendonitis, a super-spinatus tendon. This shows us a calcification on the outside of the hip, that is the hip joint, and a lot of people complain of pain in the hip. And it's not the hip joint, it's outside from the extra calcium being laid in there. This is the way your body metabolizes things, because the kidneys may be altered, potentially maybe your diet, the sugars, the stress, the chemicals that you're taking in. Here's a picture here of a heelspur. Well, it's extra calcium. Now, this can come from different things. Don't get me wrong. There are ways of developing heelspur's that you can actually attribute it to flat feet or pronated feet, but just to let you know, I've had patients whose heelspur's has almost disintegrated by apple cider vinegar, and these two other ones I want to share with you tonight. Here again is a calcification of the prostate gland. All right, the prostate gland, calcification. Now, we realize that the prostate gland is soft tissue, so we're talking about calcification in the soft tissue. Here, we look at renal stones, calcification of the kidneys. You can see it. It's kind of crazy. Calcification, those are stones, and we get that within the soft tissue. Calcification of the piervertibral musculature in front of the neck. Calcification occurring. This is soft tissue. Here's a picture that shows us calcification tendonitis. Generally, when we have pain, we raise our arm like this. It hurts us as we abduct, because the somacrobial space and in the subacromial bursts has been compressed and irritated, because you have a space occupying condition there. Now, what do they do for people with shoulder problems? They want to do surgery. They want to give you lots of medication. They want to get cortical steroids. They want to inject you with cortisone. You need to be very, very careful. If you're getting invasive procedures, you need to be very careful. I want to tell you that if you go about these remedies, this can really do wonders for you. I've seen it, and I experienced it on myself. Breast calcification. This is so common. You just have no idea how common this is. Now, we get the fibroids when I say the females, and these fibroids can become hard. They may not be totally hard like stone, but they're still calcified. Okay? I'm sure many women can contest to this, but it can be very, very painful. Let's go into a little bit of the real nuts and bolts here. We talk about the first thing I want to share with you. We've had quite a great lecture on this Apple Cider Vinegar. This is Bragg's, probably one of the most common ones we see worldwide. Here's another one. This is Apple Cider Vinegar by another unfiltered organic one. But obviously, when you get Apple Cider Vinegar, you want to get the mother in there. The mother is that little stuff that you see moving around inside. That mother has got healing ability. Now, Apple Cider Vinegar, if you have not tuned in to our other video, you need to go look at that on my channel. It really, really is thorough. But remember, we're looking at nutrients of apples, and how it's fermented, and just how mother nature, what it can do to this. I mean, the magnesium, magnesium, iron, sodium, copy, copper, zinc, potassium, calcium, phosphorus. There are great minerals in here that actually help heal. We know what the miracle things that Apple Cider Vinegar can do. But I just want you to understand that it is a miracle type of thing. Now, the first thing you're going to ask me is how much do I take? Well, eight ounces, one tablespoon. You can do that just as a regular prevention. This actually helps to pH change. It has miraculous healing abilities, it removes inflammation. It helps rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis. But again, we're talking right now about removing calcium deposits. And it does. It removes calcium deposits. It takes away tendonitis, tendonosis. And we're looking at conditions, not only in the shoulder, but in the elbows, the wrists. We're looking at the ankles, the knees. We're looking at the hips. This is quite amazing. And so, me, what I would do, as I've done, I would take it at least twice a day on a regular basis. Give yourself several weeks, couple months. And I really think it will do wonders for you. Now, you're asking me how does this really take care of this extra calcium? Malac acid. M-A-L-I-C. Malac acid. Malac acid is like the hammer. Boom. Boom. It's like the hammer that beats up the calcium. It just finds ways in the system and helps the most of find it. Yes, people use it in salad dressing. Thank you, Brave, as I look at the chat line, people are talking about these kind of things. Now, what about chronic neck bone spurs? Well, remember, when the bones degenerate, he develops spurs. The body can still reabsorb. There's called osteoblastia activity, where the bones actually build an osteoclastic activity, where the bones actually start to break down, where it can take away calcium. But again, it's easier to remove calcium when it's in the soft tissue. Now, can calcium or extra calcium around the bone be diminished? Yes, it can. To what degree it depends upon the condition. So, I don't want to mislead people, but we're talking mainly soft tissue. What about calcium over the anterior longitudinal ligament? Post-terior longitudinal ligament. Anytime we see calcium over ligaments, that's still soft tissue. Most of your body is soft tissue. So, just remember that. It's very important. So, one of the most common things we see calcium is that calcific tendonitis. I'll come back to here. And I want, if you just tuned in with us, when we look at that calcific tendonitis of the shoulder, that's very, very, very, very common. More common in women, probably two or three to one, that's compared to males. I've had it. I've had it a long time. When that thing gets flared up, it can cause lots of pain in that shoulder. Versitis, frozen shoulder, adhesive capsillitis. And again, the only way you're going to know you have this is through an x-ray. Okay? So, the next thing I want to move into, we talk about this, I want to talk briefly about magnesium. Now, magnesium is probably, to me, one of the most important minerals of the body. You're saying, well, calcium is, no, magnesium. Magnesium has more neurological functions in the body than, I think, any mineral. You can look it up. Citrates, I always liked. They're highly absorbable. I just pulled this up. Solgar is a great company. You can see it's been since 1947. You do not have to get sugar. There are many other great formulas. If you go to Amazon or you Google it, read the reviews. I think that is important. But I'm going to show you the back of the label, this so you have an understanding. And if you look at the back of this label, this is a good learning experience for all of us. Is that magnesium should generally be half the amount of milligrams as calcium. So, generally, we should be taking 1200, 1400, 1500 milligrams a day, give or take. And our magnesium levels should be about half the amount. So, it just shows you the purpose of having magnesium. It prevents calcium from being assimilated into the soft tissue. It prevents kidney stones, possibly gallbladder stones. Stones that are being laid into the soft tissue. It's so important that magnesium, not only for muscle cramping, not only to make you sleep well at night, not only to relax the muscles, but all the neurological components that go along with it. Magnesium is so important. Now, here is a very important thing. And I'm so glad that we got a good chat room tonight. That magnesium is deficient probably in 50, 60, 70 percent of the world because of our diet and because of medications. Blood pressure medication. Many medications that we take causes deficiency of our body and magnesium. And we lose it. We excrete it. So, something I want to tell you, you may want to start adding magnesium in your diet and you may start seeing miracles in your health. You may start saying, wow, I got all this energy because magnesium was depleted in your system. Okay, very important. Obviously, vitamin D3 is important. Vitamin D is very important for people who don't get a lot of sunlight because vitamin D, magnesium, calcium, all work around about to get the proper assimilation. Because you're taking a mineral, if you're not taking it right in the right way, you're not going to assimilate it in the right way. So, what you're taking may not be getting towards going. So, please keep that in mind. So, that was number two, magnesium. Very, very important. Now, I want to introduce you to something different. Something so different that I didn't know much about this before as well. I'm always learning. I'm reading. I'm learning. I'm researching. And something I want to share with you and you're going to do your own homework on this. It's called, chenka piedra. Now, you're saying, it sounds Spanish. If you're Spanish, you probably can pronounce this better than me. Okay, let's go over here so you can read it. CHANCA, or CHANCA, piedra. P-I-E-D-R-A. And I know it's some Spanish name because a lot of it comes up in Spanish when I was doing my research. Now, you may really understand this better than I do. But the research, okay, if you're prone to having kidney stones, wow. Go for this, man. They call this the bone blaster. They really do. They call this the bone blaster. Let me see if I can pull something up here. Give me a second. This is a medicinal herb. And obviously, calcium deposits, I know you know, can be very painful. But they use this to reduce inflammation. Obviously, from any type of billup in the calcium in the body, but known strictly mainly for that kidney. And if you are one who has been prone or know of anyone who has had kidney stones, you really need to check this out. I did the research. And it's quite fascinating. And what's even more fascinating in this is I read blogs on Amazon. And I'm looking at all the reviews and you would not believe the reviews suffering. Chronic kidneys don't suffer. Chronic knee problems suffering. Chronic abdominal, chronic spinal problems. Ameriacal, the pain is gone. I mean, one after the other. And to me, when I read reviews, because I like experience, bladder problems, kidney problems, urinary problems, calcification problems, even the joints and the knees. When I see reviews, it gets me excited. And when I see reviews, I'm going to share them with you. So I want you to look into this. Google it. Go to Amazon. Go, you know, where they have lots of different reviews and look into this. But I want to say one thing. No matter what you take, no matter what you're doing, because a lot of people out there are taking medication, maybe for high blood pressure, maybe for diabetes, maybe for hormonal problems, thyroid, pirothyroid, or maybe for depression, whatever it is. I always ask you to check with your doctors first. Always because I can come out here and I get hundreds of emails a day. People ask me, can I take this? Can I take that? I really want you to do the right thing. I can recommend what's good for you. But I can tell you between the apple cider vinegar that we talked about here. It's like a miracle. All right. I can tell you from experience, it reduced my calcific formation in my shoulder, my superspineitis tenant. In about six months to about 65% and taking magnesium, by the way, I want to throw this out at you when I come back to this. You can, this will be on my channel, by the way. But look at this here. Most common foods, because if you're not taking pills, because I don't always believe in pills, there are good foods you can get lots of good sources of minerals. You can come back to this. This will be posted on my channel. As we look at the back of the box here, I want to show you here. You see how they say the stone breaker? I mean, that's what they call this. This chunk of piagoda is a stone breaker, literally translates into crushes rocks. This is a tropical plant, obviously. It's an herb and it's designed to help really just break the rock. So yeah, if you are having kidney stones and you know, I just had a doctor that works with me who just had the lip atripsy goes in there and they try to shock them. It's brutal. All black and blue, urinating blood for two or three weeks. I always, I'm a big believer, let the body heal in itself. Do whatever we can do to help it heal. I really hope people that this really gave you some good insight. This to me is really powerful stuff. And you know, I really enjoy just, you know, coming out and sharing you this, sharing this literature with you. And I ask people out there to subscribe. If you have not, if you're new to the channel, go through my channel. I have hundreds of self-help videos. I ask you to go ahead and share the videos. Share them with friends, put it on your social media. It's really, really good stuff I have out there. We really helped a lot of people and this, that's what it's all about. It's about, you know, it's all about helping people. It's all about changing one person at a time, changing their life to make their life better. So this is all about you people and I really hope that you enjoyed this program. I will repost this. This will, as you two will put this on my channel, I will go ahead and edit and clean it up a little bit from the beginning. And I just want to say thank you for your support. And again, I want to leave you one thing. Motivational doc, as you see it right there, motivational doc, go to Facebook, motivational doc on my fan page there. Go ahead and like it. Join it. Ask your questions there. I'm really good at responding back. Understand, I don't respond to as many emails because I get so, so many. But people like you and I'm sure other people in the future, it's easier to communicate. Sometimes I'll get you there and I'll talk to you back and forth. I go there and I check it. Period. If you so, yeah. So enjoy your your evening. If you are in the US and enjoy your morning and day. If you are overseas and God bless to you, your families, your loved one. And we'll talk to you real soon. Bye. Bye.