 Alright guys, Gary, teacher of health and I am back. And today this is a special video presentation for you. I am going to show you guys the glory, the wonderment that's even worth. The wonderful world of the heat press. I'm going to go through, I'm going to print some t-shirts for you guys. And I am going to show you the ease of using custom heat transfers of custom glass to saw heat transfers. And I'm going to show you in absolutely wonderful place. A wonderful and awesome, the utopia, the valve halop of t-shirts of heat presses wrap. Okay, a place where you can and should go to get your heat presses because they all can pile in one nice beautiful package just for you to go through, look through and search. Okay, alright, that place is called the heat press help desk. I'm going to do some demonstrations of custom glasses on heat transfers and using them very simple heat transfer machines. You do not have to get these absolutely outrageous, expensive, you know, say $1,200 and $1,800 machines. You can use some very relatively inexpensive and get the same results of that better because I know, because I do it. Okay, you know, I'm saying you can listen to somebody just talking or you can listen to somebody just doing it. Okay. So, roll that beautiful heat press for that. Hey folks, what's good? Sorry about the lighting in here, but this thing, it pulls a lot of electricity so I couldn't even turn on the lighting with this bad boy. Oh, and it was just full of too much current with pop and circuit. So, we're just going to, I just want you guys to better with it so I don't have my useful lighting. But hey, so we got this boy. He's all heated up and ready to go. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to show you the power of custom plastic salt transfers. You know, like one of these, I love you can see that. And the heat pressure, of course. A T-shirt, all right. So, here we go. I'm going to grab one of these bad boys. And we're going to put it under our heat press. Okay. You want to be careful. Law knows you want to be careful when dealing with a key press. So I'm just going to knock the wrinkles out of this gap very, very quick. A couple of shut kidneys. All right. And I want to show you what you can do with it. Now, I didn't do this artwork. These are samples. If you get the list, you can call any of those companies and have them send you out a sample pack. I believe this one is a religious guy. I can't, I don't even know what it says. That's something I believe. So let's print it out a silly sentence. All right. Everything up. Won't you get a humor? I don't want to say it. Lots of other big things for about 10 seconds. We'll get that pressure. It's very, very important. Make sure you get a machine or a machine or a heat press out there. I'll have great pressure. And one of the things that people do is they think that you have to get one of these expensive machines and don't get them off. There's nothing wrong. They don't have trunks. They have expensive machines. All right. All right. Can you see that? I mean, that's a T-shirt done. All right. God, please don't allow this day to be a total waste of makeup. Okay. Can you guys see that? I probably should. Again, this one, as you can't even see that, this one is all white. Make sure I have this right. This is all white. So someone who grabbed one of my black teeth, those expensive T-shirt, those expensive heat press machines, they're great, you know what I'm saying? And I don't have any problem with them. But, you know, not all of us are making out of money. And in fact, the reason why you're trying to start this T-shirt business, be it this rule, the reason why you're trying to start this T-shirt business, so you can make use of makes some money. You know, it takes money to make money, of course, but you don't want to break yourself or make some money. But you don't want to break yourself before you even get in the game. You understand what I'm saying? You don't want to do that. So you want something that's the best machine for the best price. Okay, I call it 4x4. The best or the best for best, best machine that you can get for the best price. I believe in that for everything, you know what I'm saying? Best machine for the best, especially when you're coming out now when once you've got it and you ball it like that, you can get what's in there where you want. But until then, you know what I'm saying? Thank you. And I'm frustrating. So that one I pulled off over there this one. I'm going to show you right here. Woo, that way it's hot. Now you take it. Pull it off. Okay. Now you have a t-shirt, my friends. All right, it's as simple as that. You buy t-shirts. You get these made and sent to you. You have a t-shirt company. I don't know, really, no. What else to tell you other than that? Okay. Here's another one here. A lot of times these are samples from the company. Okay, and this is all white, so it looks like some type of face. It is really cool. I'll put this one on the black t-shirt. Put this one on the black t-shirt also. Now you take a t-shirt, throw it on your press. You know, I like it like I said, I like to give it a little press to kind of lock the wrinkles out, get the moisture off. Now, now, let this back work out. But this is just, you know, kind of show you, like, what you're going to get, getting the heat crisis. If you're doing, you're just getting started. Custom heat transfers and heat press. You can't go wrong. Okay, you cannot go wrong. Again, pull this back way up. Oh, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot. Oh, here we go. You can see the face. I mean, that is, I mean, that's awesome right there, man. I'm doing another one here. And this one, is a fish. This is like a full multi-color process. All right. This is a fish. I'm going to prep this one. What color am I going to prep this one on? I should print it on whitey, but I'm going to prep this one on green. One of these. Pretty green shirts. Okay. So here we go. Once again, lots of little wrinkles out. Oh, I'm so wrinkled out. All right. Fish. I'm just going to pick up the fish. I'm going to pick up the fish. All right. So here we go with this fish. Multi-color process. Get on down there. Get in there. Let this back where you go. And you know, all of these have different types of cocktail cofil. These are all hot here. When you get your paint, they're going to come with a little instruction. I'm going to try to understand. Toes and greens. What heat? What heat do you go through? Look at that. You guys see that? I mean, that is absolutely. I mean, look at the detail. I mean, that is absolutely beautiful. I can see the fishy. So this, okay, this is, you know, this is what you can do. I'm going to do one more of these photographic ones. Actually, I'm going to do one of these. Let me show you the expression. This is, well, I don't know if you guys have showed this one before. I'll put this one on red. It goes out. Of course. I'm going to do it in cold. Here we go. Ready for some of this hatness. Now, you see, I mean, like, if I was in a home, I was going to go to a street van or a church function or a flea market or anything, a convention or something, of that sort. I can sit at home, you know, and stand on the day. Turn the staff away. Turn this bad boy on. You know, give me a cup of martin, rossin, astis, and a little martin. And there you go. When it comes to sex, similar to the below, I mean, that's a t-shirt right there, you know, get your nice bottle of martini and rossi astis, and maybe I have a cap number doing one more here. And, royal blue joints. And this is another one of those four color process ones. This one I believe you get paint balls. So we got pit balls in. It's going to be fun. I'm going to put it in. This is got like, you can't really see it. It's got like pit balls. And it says something. It's got like Confederate flag. And I realized that, you know, that is a bone of contention with a lot of people. Well, you got to realize some, this is a knit. Some people love that flag and fly with pride. Other people hate that flag with passion. Meet personally. If you're paying me money, I don't give a shit. I know that's not the most politically correct thing to say. I have my own views, but I'm trying to get this paper. You're filming, you're still I'm saying, Sean. Anyway, before I run out of time, I got this bad boy set up here. I'm going to show you that, the beauty of how you can do, you don't have to do just one color thing, how you can do the full color process. Okay. Here we go. I'll let that bad boy go. And, when you get into business, there's going to be all type of things that people do, that you might have, that may go against some of your personal belief, but you don't have to worry the shirt. Can you say what I'm saying? You're not just business to tell people how to paint. You're in this business to do what business is. Okay. Business is a process of making money. Selling. Good sports services for monetary gain. And if you can put your personal beliefs, you can put your personal beliefs in your mind. Oh man. Peele, peel, peel, peel, peel, peel, peel. Oh. You guys. See that? I put it on a blue shirt and it will come out better. I actually like the nice, you know, kind of background faded looks. But yeah, that's it guys. And you can do all of these photographic prints. All right. Am I going to do another one? I think I have to be talking. I'm going to do another one. This one is this one. I don't know if you can see that. I don't know if I'm going to do it, but this one is like a Vietnam memorial. And as you can see, these things come out pretty well. I don't have a white shirt. And I really want you guys to see. Hold on. Okay guys, I do have a white shirt here. Take it, have another one. I think I have another one. All right. I do have a white shirt here. It's a V-neck, but we're going to do it anyway. Before we run out of time. Okay. Okay. What we want? Let me see if I can do it. But not the ring was out of this track boy. I might correct the front end of that. But we're running low, chasing the clock against time. So here we have this Vietnam memorial. Put this one here. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. We should just be able to get it to Vietnam. I will do it again. Okay. It's just about to hit my beautiful Chinese music. Here we go. Okay. So this is a kind of show you. I want you to see this guy. He's going to show you how beautiful his Chinese shirt is coming up. Okay. So this is literally a T-shirt company in a box. What's going to come in a box? Okay. You're going to transfer blank T-shirts. Okay. And trust the key press. Okay. On behalf of the T-shirt, helpdes.com. My name is Gary. I hope to see you all soon. I hope you're getting these bad boys. And may your T-shirt dreams come true. God bless. Peace. Make sure you visit the key press. Helpdes.com. Peace. I know that I'll allow you guys are in jobs that suck. Because this is facing with, I would say, especially maybe, I don't know, 0,000. 0% of the population. Most jobs suck. Even the fact that you just have to get up and go. I mean, I'm just being honest. They suck. You know, a lot of you guys, you boss. There's a dick. Or a cunt. Excuse my expression. I'm just, you know, keeping it real. So it becomes a question of, what are you going to do about it? Exactly. What are you going to do about it? You know, sometimes you really don't feel like going to work. For whatever reason, sometimes you just wake up on the wrong side of the bed. You know, sometimes you just want to leave. It's your work. There's nothing really to do. You've done. You've made your deadline on whatever it is you have to do. You want to go home. It's like, why am I here? There's nothing else to do right now. But you have to stay until 5, 6, 7, 5, whatever your hours are. Because why? Because, you know, you have a job. You know, and you've made this commitment. And you're like a child. You know, you have to ask for days off. You have to ask can you leave? You have to ask to do this. Ask to do that. You have to put in a personal time request. You have to put in, you have to ask to go on vacation. Who has to do stuff like that? Who has to ask to go here? There. Children. Your kids. Your kids have to ask you. So now you have become, you have become a corporate child.