 I'm going to show you two methods on how to make a new one. Hi, it's Lovies. Welcome back to another DIY. Today I have another holiday DIY gift that you can make to give your friends and family. If you guys do receive a lot of flowers from your loved ones, I think it's so great to preserve some of the memory. I came up with this idea of putting them into phone cases and I think they would be so great as gifts for your lady friends. I'm going to show you two methods on how to press your flowers without shoving it in the book and waiting weeks for it to dry. I'm also going to show you two methods on how to apply it to your phone cases. Okay, we're going to go ahead and just get started. Grab all your flowers. Let's go. So we're going to start out with the easiest phone case first and of course you're going to need a clear phone case and what you're going to do is you're going to trace completely around it onto card stock and you can choose any color card stock you want or just a really thick piece of paper. Next, you're going to cut it out and then you're going to stick it into your phone case a couple of times just to see if it fits and if it doesn't, you're just going to trim it down until it fits. Now, I'm going to use gold leaf for this but if you have gold wrapping paper or anything that is gold, just tear it up and you're going to glue it onto the card stock with a glue stick. Now, because the gold leaf is so delicate, I use a fan brush to brush it down and lastly, I pop the card stock into the case and then my phone into the case and voila, a really luxurious and expensive looking phone case. For this next phone case, we're going to use dried pressed flowers. Now, if you have pre-made ones, awesome. If not, there are two ways to make them. Go ahead and just clip a few petals from your bouquet and for this first method, you will iron the petals so that it will flatten out and to do that, you're going to lay down the piece of cotton fabric, then a piece of copy paper, and next, a piece of paper towel. Now, place the flower petals as flat as you can onto your paper, giving them some space to flatten out. Lastly, I placed another copy paper onto the petals and then another piece of cotton onto the fabric and I ironed for about a minute without steam and it's really important that you don't use steam. Otherwise, you're just injecting water back into the flowers and it just doesn't seem to make sense. So, it's going to smell a little bit like burning plants, but it's just the process of drying and you'll also want to check them after the minute and if they don't feel dry, go ahead and just iron it again for about another 15 to 20 seconds and continue to check them just so that they don't burn. So the petals might stick to the copy paper so just gently peel them off and you'll have these really beautiful pressed flowers that didn't take you weeks to dry in a book. So, yeah, that was the ironing method and now this next one is the microwaving method and for this, you will need a plate. Try not to use a plastic one. I don't know if it really makes a difference, but I just think that this one works a lot better and it's from IKEA, so hey, why not? So now I lay down a paper towel and next a sheet of copy paper and then I arrange the petals around to give them a space to flatten out. And now I lay another copy paper down onto the petals and another paper towel on top of that and to flatten out the petals, you'll need a ceramic tile and you can get these at home depot in the tile section for like 50 cents. You're just going to place the tile right on top of your petal sandwich. Now I'm going to pop it into the microwave for about a minute and 10 seconds. After a minute, you're going to take out your plate and be super careful because it is hot as balls and you're going to check the petals. Now if it's still wet, give it another 15 seconds and microwave an interval of 15 seconds until it looks totally dried. So I personally like the microwave to mess it a little bit more because it keeps the white colored petals white and the color stays a little bit more vibrant. The ironing method is great if you are in a hurry but just be really careful that you don't end up burning them like I kind of did here. So now with my card stock foam case cut out, I went ahead and just simply arranged and glued the florals onto the card stock and I flipped it to the backside and I trim off the excess petals. Now I pop it into the foam case and ta-da! A garden at your hands. So to take the foam cases to the next level, I went ahead and glued the petals to the card stock and I also arranged in some gold leaves onto the petals. And I cut off the excess petals, I pop it into my clear case and ta-da! A gold garden party at your hands. Okay, so here is my last tip for the foam cases. I really like the clear look of the foam cases so instead of cutting my foam case out of card stock, I do it on shrink plastic and you can cut it out onto clear protective sheet binders as well. That would work totally fine. What I did was I arranged my petals and go leave onto the clear plastic with again just my glue stick and I trim off any excess. And lastly I just popped the clear sheet into my case and you'll still get this cool clear look but you don't have to worry about your design staining or ruining your foam. I think it just drives me mad when I see people just throw a bunch of stuff in your clear cases and then put their foam on top. It kind of freaks me out a little bit because I like to keep my foam truly pristine but yeah, it still looks really cool here. So that's it. I hope you guys enjoyed the DIY. Also, I would love to see your take on this as well. It will be so cool to see what kind of flowers you end up using for your foam cases. So if you do try this out be sure to take a photo of it. Hashtag it with S-L-O-A-B and send it to anyone in my social media networks because I would love to take a gander at it and I would love to share it with others. Thank you so much for watching my video. Be sure to support my channel by liking and of course sharing it with others and subscribing to my channel. Thank you all for watching and I will talk to you guys later. Remember to rock on slow bees. Bye. Hey slow bees, welcome back to another DIY. A company of you guys have requested a few holiday DIYs that would be great as gifts. So today I'm back with another simple DIY that you...