 This presentation is about Siding Literature in the text, and I'm also going to tie that into how the works from the anthology actually are cited in the work-sided page of it to, while I'm not going to coach you through specific work-sided entries, I am going to show you how the two link together. So primarily, this presentation is going to focus on Siding Literature in the text and how that is seen through, put together in a paper. So let's begin. So first, what you'll need to do is open the MLA Handbook, and you have two sections that you're going to be primarily using today. To see the examples of how I've constructed the works-sided page, you're going to want to flip to Section 5.5.6, a work in an anthology, and that's going to coach you through how to put your short story or a poem or the play actually into the work-sided entries here. But, as I mentioned in the opening slide, we're going to focus primarily on intex citations, and how did I learn all the stuff that I've put into this presentation and how to cite different types of literature? Well, I read Section 6.4.8, Siding Common Literature. With that in mind, a basic book citation is going to be an author and a page. So if we're talking prose, there are some other sections 6.2 and 6.3 will help out as well for readability and also just some basics on Siding Authors in the text. But to get to the specifics on Siding Literature, Section 6.4.8 is going to be where we start. And for those of you who do not have that MLA Handbook, I have links here as well as in your syllabus to where you would need to go for the Purdue Online Writing Lab. If you go to the OWL to the Purdue Online Writing Lab and you go to the section on books, you'll see that it's that on the left-hand side you have a navigation bar that covers books and then also within text citations, the basics. You're going to get most of this information too. So just use your resources really well. Alrighty. First, what we need to talk about is the idea of prose. What is prose? Well, prose works are written in paragraph form. And so most what we've been reading here at the beginning of the class have been short stories. Those are written in paragraph form. Novels, nonfiction. So if you're reading a biography or an autobiography that is in paragraph form that would be prose writing. Printed prose works have page numbers. Or in other words, they are paginated. So what does the word paginated mean? It means that the work has page numbers. They use the word paginated a lot throughout the MLA Handbook. So that's why I wanted to make sure to clarify that concept. So right here in the middle of the page you can see that concept. So a pretty prose prose work. Any works that you that have paragraphs and that have a page number, whether it's in the form of a PDF of a journal article that you've downloaded from a library database or whether you're looking at that journal, you know, in print form right in front of your face. And you can flip the journal and flip through and see page numbers. That same goes for books, for other works that have page numbers. Then this is how you cite them. You have the author's last name followed by the page number. Notice that there's not a P or a PP or a page or anything in there. It's just the last name and then the actual number. If you have more than one author, then section 6.2 in your MLA Handbook shows you how to incorporate works with more than one author. So read that. And then if you have any questions, just email me. Email me your citations and I'll help you through them. All right, so pages are typically cited parenthetically with the paraphrase quote or the summary. So you might paraphrase or you might offer a direct quote from the work and then right after it, right at the end, before you put the period down at the very end of the sentence, you're going to put in that author and that page number. And if the prose is on the internet or is an electronic source that does not have page numbers, then you can't cite the page. You can't offer a number. So all that you would have then is just that author's last name. So with our example there in the middle of the page, Smith 29 would become Smith in parentheses alone. Okay. But for most of our work that we're doing in here, you're going to have page numbers. So let's see an example. All right, so here I have an example from a short story from my Latino literature unit. What you can see here is I have some introduction to the quote. So I introduce the quote and offer an overview of what I'm critiquing regarding the owner of the caribou cafe. And then I offer a quote that exemplifies what I'm writing about. So let me just read it here for a moment. The owner of the caribou cafe shows how he shirks responsibility in his life and becomes paralyzed in making ethical decisions when he debates whether or not to call the cops on the lady who kidnapped the children. See, if Noah's here, she'd know what to do. Call the cops. But I don't know. Cops ain't exactly my friends. And all I need is for bacon to be crawling all over my place. All right, so so I've introduced the quote or I've introduced the context and I've actually critiqued this person's character and reliability when I finished with this quote, I'm putting that par- that paranthetical citation or intex citation right at the end after the quote. Notice where my period is. It's not at the end of the quote. It's after my final citation because that citation goes with that quote. That specific spot, the sentence does not end with this particular quote until I've actually cited where I found that direct quote in the book. All right, so I've period at the end after my citation and then I would continue on with my paragraph and just keep writing and analyzing and saying, you know, well, he does know what to do. He says you call the cops but he still decides not to and to let this lady get away with kidnapping them. So that's the idea of where this quote and where this information shows you know exists within the paragraph. It's a support idea within the paragraph. It's not the topic sentence. It's not the beginning of the paragraph. It's a support idea of me examining this owner's character. All right, so here's where we start talking about the citation a little bit. Notice that it's an author page number citation. So it's the last name of the author followed by the page. That's offered there at the end of the quote period at the end and then that links into our actual work cited entry. So this is an example of a work cited from anthology. The very first piece is the author's name and so the naming the author and the in-text citation draws us down to the work site of page where we find Vitoramontes, Helena Maria. That would be the full name of the author. We don't need to offer the full name in the actual paper itself where we actually write our paragraphs in the paper. We offer only the last name there and it draws us down to this author who's been listed in the work cited page. And then you can see that I've named the work, the title of that particular work. This happens to have been in a different anthology than you're currently reading. It's called Latino Boom, an anthology of US Latino literature. And then we have the editors of the work just like with your particular text you have an editor of it whether it is Kelly J. Mays or whether it's Nellie McCay and Henry Lewis Gates or you know whoever your editors are, you would name them after the title of the work. And then you can see in New York Pearson education, well that's the place and the publishing house or the publisher of this particular anthology followed by the date that that anthology was printed. And then the page numbers that correspond with where the the Care Boot Cafe is offered in the anthology. So what's the start page of the Care Boot Cafe was the end page of the Care Boot Cafe. All right. And then finally we have our medium of print medium. Now notice that you know in the mtex citations you have beer and montes and it's 162. And then as you look down into that page number that's cited there in the work site of page 162 is right in between those pages. So we know that it must come from and are in our texts link up neatly. If I wanted to read the whole work I could see that it was start on page 158 through 168. And I'm just citing one particular quote that is on page 162 from this work. Okay. Some of you are going I know this stuff already. Why are you telling us this? Because a lot of people don't know and those who don't know and don't know how this links in you just hadn't awakened. It happened to you. Let's move on to poetry because this is a little different and this will be something that all of you will benefit from absolutely. Poetry, you know it's not written in paragraph form. It's different, right? It's written in line. It's written in verse. It's written with different line breaks and stuff. So while poetry is typically contained in a book some of it might be published in an online collection or in a just in a general anthology it might be the entire anthology is all about poetry. It might be the poetry is published in a periodical like a magazine or a journal or it might just be online on someone's website. So depending upon where that poetry is contained is how you're going to cite the end of your work cited page. But for the most part poetry is cited because it's not paginated, cited by lines. So here the middle bullet while pages are cited in the parenthetical citation with prose. A line is customarily cited with poetry. Lines of poetry are placed in that parenthetical citation and then the pages. You remember how on the last one you know it was a quote on page 162 and it fit in between that 158 through 159. Well how would you know what page that the actual line is put on? Well you looked at it at the work cited entry and you see the pages that that poem is listed on in that particular book in order to go and read it. But the truth is that with poetry it's a little it's a little more cool than prose because anywhere that you find that poem you should have the same lines. So any version of the poem that you're looking at you can actually see what line that author cited. So even if it's not on the same pages in the exact same anthology even if you're looking at something online you can still tell exactly where that author cited because it offers a line citation. The lines are not going to change no matter where it's published. You should keep the author's lines the same that they were published and originally or anybody who would be publishing this particular poem should be retaining the same line structure. So that's a really neat I think that's a really neat facet of poetry. We'll see that also in drama for when we have accents scenes and stuff. So let's look at a poetry citation. Here we are. I'm going to use another Latino literature example because I just love it. And of course you used to teach this segment in a multicultural American literature class. And this particular work, Ammoner Eken, it was fantastic because it plays on that idea of you know your your Puerto Rican or your American know I'm both Ammoner Eken and it's just fantastic take and understanding of how culture comes together when you when you have both backgrounds. So Ammoner Eken stresses the appreciation for the past in all nationalities. And so here we have this quote Ammoner Eken salutes all folklore's slash what is that slash here? That means the line actually broke but in my paragraph I don't want to actually put the lines in as the poet did if I'm only citing a couple of lines from the poem and most of the time you're going to want to just cite one or two lines you're not going to want to cite you know have a poem or part of a poem. So I just chose these two lines to really make that part or that that point about the appreciation for the past in all nationalities. Ammoner Eken salutes all folklore's European Indian black Spanish. And so then you can see that I've cited the lines here with my author La Vieira lines 10 and 11 are what it represented there. So before the slash that's white and 10 and then after the slash that's line 11. Now you can also see that this still we still have those concepts of here's the author and then here's where you find the information with this citation. Okay so we can actually go to the work cited entry and see the citation for La Vieira and then we see the poem itself. I'm Eken and it's in the same Latino boom anthology as we saw before but this time we can go to these pages and actually find that poem and then look at the lines of the poem in order to find those couple lines on lines 10 and 11. So it doesn't matter what publication it is lines 10 and 11 should be these exact lines in any publication wherever it was reprinted. In this particular book we can go specifically to those pages it's a little quick reminder where we can find the information. And you might be looking at some of my descriptions here and say why is she only include the last number? You notice that at lines 10-1 well when you have a repeated number you can get rid of that number. Now you don't have to but it does conserve some space in the citation. So if you chose to do that to do this you absolutely can. And if you look down in the work cited entry down to that 367-8 well it means that it started on page 367 and finished on 368 but I wanted to you know I don't have to repeat those other numbers if they're duplicated so I just popped on the 8 there and left it okay that's a little explanation background there that you can do could you put in 368 absolutely you could just make sure you do it consistently with all of your works you might have noticed that I did this thing in the last particular example. Okay so with poetry when a writer establishes that the lines are going to be cited with that poem then the writer can drop the word line from the parenthetical citation. So to make that simplified for you the first time that you refer to the poem keep the word line or lines in your in-text citation but then the next time that you cite from that poem you don't have to put the word line or lines into it and so that's what you see here with these two bullet points that the lines have actually been that the word lines have been omitted from that second entry because we've established that any time that I cite from La Vieira and it's this poem that I am going to be citing lines so 46 through 47 here actually means I'm citing those lines okay so just to point you to that spot in the MLA handbook MLA directs writers to initially use the word line or lines and having established that the numbers designate lines give the numbers alone just offer those numbers you can read that directly on page 27 or 227 of the MLA handbook right this slash once again and you see it in your second bullet example we blend slash and mix all that is good so we blend is actually part of a line on line 46 that ends the line and then line 47 is and mix all that is good with our slash hits here so that's I wanted to just make sure and explain that to you one more time you don't have to use the entire line only use what you need from that line give it a good space in a slash and then offer your next line if you're going to offer multiple lines of poetry okay so finally we're going to discuss plays and how to cite lines from place so the line citations continue in many plays since they are often written in lines similar to poetry most plays are written in acts and scenes so the writer must include those notes too however if a play does not contain lines but is instead written in prose then the writer offers what it does contain such as an act and a scene so if you have an act in a scene you're going to cite the act in the scene if you have lines too you're going to cite those lines but if you do not have an act scene or lines and it's just written in paragraph form you're going to cite the pages most likely and you will see examples of all of that with with the literature that you're going to be looking at in this class and in other classes so just pay attention to the structure that the writer actually puts into that particular play okay if it is acts and scenes you're going to cite those of those if it's only if it's only lines or if it's only acts and scenes or if it's all the above acting then lines and you're going to you're going to include the components that the author gives you okay so let's look at a place citation so I have not prefaced this at all I'm just giving you some lines from a play and so let me just pop in that works I did entries that you see it this in this one we have an act and a scene but we don't have any lines and so the MLA him book actually guides you in that section to to offer Roman numerals for acts and then for scenes you're going to have just a traditional Arabic number and then you would offer another period and number if you had lines that are cited in there too so with Shakespeare for the most part you're going to have an a Roman numeral dot number dot and then another number and that last number would be lines put into it okay so here here we have it we have these line citations or we have this act and scene citation of where this character offers this information it's in Lopez act one scene one everything is separated by a period again we offer a period at the end of our citation uh in text citation so we got that period at the end and it of course links in just like our other examples I'm not going to pop the lines up here for you to see this but just like with our other examples we're tying into our work side page of Lopez Josefina and this play is called real women have curves and this was a play that was published independently or by itself and that's why it is italicized it wasn't a part of another anthology it was actually published on its own like most books are but it happens to be included in Latino boom the same anthology and you can see the page numbers down below where this particular play is offered in the anthology pages 255 through 299 that would be the entire part of the play in the work cited entry we are citing acts and lines or scenes or anything just like with poetry in the end text citation we cite the line or the act scene and line and then here in the work cited entry we just pop in the 255 or the page where it begins through 299 which is the page where that play is right and I have offered you the citations here so you can pop in and to a library and grab that book what you will notice here is that I have done some cross cross referencing since I had several works that I cited from Christie and Gonzales or John S. Christie and Joseby Gonzales those are editors of Latino boom and so I went on ahead and popped that entire entry in and then what you have here with La Vieira Tato I'm a reek and the Christie and Gonzales tells you which entry towards the top here to be able to look at or what entry action has the book information for you if you look in the cross reference section of your Emily Hamburg you will see that have a great day