 YouTubers, Mike Martins here, Mike Martins Channel. I just want to do a review on this large cast iron American made since 1896. It is an amazing, amazing, fine pan. It is cast iron, um, grill pan. It's a grill pan. So we're doing bacon on it to give it a try. And you're not supposed to do bacon on grill pans, but it is used for electric gas, glass, induction, camfires, ovens. It's beautiful. Look at this piece of work here people. I love it. Rose, how do you like it? Okay. So we're making this crispy bacon here and look how it's turning out people. It is healthy, healthy choice. Why am I making a review on this? Because I want you to live longer. Because when you remove the, um, aluminum, aluminum eyes and the oxidants and all the chemicals they put into making fried pans nowadays. Because remember people, they want to make things cheaper. When they make things cheaper, I guess what happens? It kills you. So I wanted to make this quick video out there for the review on the grill pan. This is the, um, the 10 inch pan. It's pretty big actually for, you know, I thought it was going to be a tiny thing. But no, I'm very happy with it. And we're going to be removing one of our older grill pans and throwing it in the garbage today. And I just want to thank Lodge for making this. You can pick them up on Amazon. Because I can't find this, I can't find this anywhere local. So yeah, so I got a flat one coming in. I'll make a review on that one. The entire set is like thousands of dollars because it's a very expensive set. But it does, it does have, this one specifically has a 30 year warranty. And yes, it has a silicone holder. So don't, don't panic when you see silicone. There's the holder there, the red holder. It's, it's removable. So when you put it in the, um, it's hot now. Yeah, but leave it, leave it on. That's, that's only when you, uh, put it in the oven. But look at that. We're frying bacon on a grill pan and it's amazing. You know, you can throw some hot dogs on there later with that oil. Oh my God. Right? Them? Yeah. I love my wife. I got the best wife in the world. I'm so happy. You don't understand. Anyways, guys, thanks for watching and don't forget to