 Today we're going to talk about how you create a chorchart using Google Drive. As you can see, Michael is in the captain chair here. I'm just on like a folding chair. But if you saw our other video about what a day in the life of our home looks like, we've got nine kids. They all participate in chores. If you saw that and wondered how you could now make a chorchart, we're going to show you how to do that today. If you haven't seen that yet, it's pretty fun. And you can go see how this chorchart looks like in action. But... So, strap on your seatbelt. It's going to be pretty awesome. It is. So here's what our chorchart looks like. And it doesn't all fit on one thing here. I basically made two files for our chorchart, and I'll explain what it is later. But basically, we break it down by daily, weekly, and then some monthly chores, as well as laundry days. What I did was we have five kids in our family who do chores. And what I did is I basically came up with about five chores that they can do every day so that I can cycle the kids through and make sure that it's fairly equal. In an effort to try to get a little more equal, I said, okay, we'll have about five chores. And then what I do is I say, okay, on Sunday, it's Daniel, Elijah, Pearl, and your Esther. And then the next day, you'll notice, like, Pearl's name moves back one, and Elijah's kind of moves up. So everyone just sort of shifts one notch up. So obviously, we have nine kids, and only five of them, those of eight in above are participating in chores. That doesn't mean that the ones that are less than eight are not doing chores. They have to make their bed and clean their room, vacuum their room. They're supposed to put their dishes in the dishwasher with each meal and clean up after themselves. We've chosen eight because we have a lot of kids, and because the older your older kids get, the younger your younger kids get. If you have lots of kids, you know what I mean by that. And so we just chose that number eight as when they get added to this chart, because some of these jobs do require putting dishes up high, carrying heavy things. That just worked for our family. But that being said, there are other jobs in here that they could do very easily. And so if you only have kids under eight, or you know, and you're confident in that, choose whatever age that you feel comfortable with starting your kids at, and whatever job you feel comfortable they can do. I will add though that kids can do a lot more than we give them credit for. And if we don't give them credit for it, they'll absolutely take on whatever fears we have about them that they can't do it. So require a lot of them. It's good for their self-esteem, and they'll be proud of themselves when they can accomplish things like that. Right. So that's kind of how we do it to keep it somewhat equal with the kids as we kind of every day is different. And again, the name's just shift. And so you see how the very top says week one. And even to even make it more equal, because again, you got someone who might complain if they have dishes every Sunday night, and maybe Sunday night tends to be a more difficult dishes night, because you have a bigger dinner or something. I have it on an addition to cycling this way. I do a five week cycle. And again, this might be overkill. So you don't necessarily have to do this for your family. The older your kids get, the more aware they are of equality and fairness. And so we did notice that the person who has Saturday night dishes, which is usually a pretty simple meal for us, that was a lot easier than the person who had Sunday night. Or sometimes they have church youth activities on Tuesday night. And so it was always a bummer that, you know, so this way it was just no one can complain. Everybody was going to get Sunday night dishes sometimes. Yeah. So I have this week one here. And then if I go to the next tab here, and then I got week two. And it basically shifts as far as how the week starts. Okay. Week one here, Daniel starts as the breakfast dishes. And week two, Elijah starts. But it's facing the same order. I've just shifted it a notch. So everybody has a chance to do, you know, every one of these jobs on every cycle. So it might be a little bit overkill, but it seems to work or be working for us. And really, it's pretty simple. You just, as long as you have that system of kind of shifting a notch every time you move it, it's not too complicated to go through and do it. So Mike, why don't you show them how to now just create a really simple chore chart? Let's say if they had three kids. Okay. So we'll just look at kind of ours here. So if you have three kids, you can do your daily chores, but just come up with three things that they can do every day. And maybe your kids go to public school or regular school. So you can just do one dinner dishes and then a cleanup upstairs, a cleanup downstairs. Google Drive is pretty handy because you can use it anywhere. And there are computer just died like last week. And I still have all this stuff, which is nice. So I just created a new Google sheet here. I do them Google Sheets. And then from here, it's just like an Excel files. Make your little title of like your chore chart. And then just go through, make another heading for daily chores and go through and do it. If you know how to use Excel or if you're willing to even just kind of explore this little bit, it's pretty simple to go through and make that chart. You'll also notice some of this is in Chinese and that's because Daniel, who's somewhat new here still, didn't can read this. Now I think that's important when we also first started, breakfast dishes means more than just loading the dishwasher or lunch dishes, dinner dishes. And so we definitely had a period of time where we had to explain what that chore meant. So what breakfast or any dishes means, you're clearing off the table, you're loading the dishwasher, you're wiping down the table, all the countertops are cleared and wiped and you're sweeping the floors and you're taking out the trash and recycling. So that actually encompasses a lot more than just dishes. And so at first you can even add this at the bottom of your chore chart, what an explanation of each chore means. The more you can get on a piece of paper, the easier it's going to be for you to make your kids do it because they just believe them's the rules that it's not you that's making that up. And so they see that it's fixed. You just say, well this is what is required for that job. Obviously the later you start this you might have a little bit more push back than when you start it younger. But we did not start this official chore chart with our kids until Elijah was 12, right? Maybe even close to 13. So even if you are starting it later, that's just the way it is. And really they do appreciate now that when they may be at homes that aren't as tidy than they understand now how in order for that to happen, they all have to play a role in that. So yeah. You hear somebody crying downstairs. Someone's crying. It's you. All right. So now we're going to look at the, I think you've hopefully have figured out the daily how that works. Weekly is again, kind of the same concept. We have we have got chores here. On this one, I've got, let's see, everyone, two, three, four, I got five again, pretty much, pretty much five chores that they all, everyone will do. Course bedrooms, everyone is responsible for their own bedroom. And then same kind of thing. And on through five, a five week cycle. So everybody, and it'll just once you get through that five week cycle, we'll go back to the first and everybody gets the chance to do the chores that they need to do. So that's how we do the weekly. Again, five week cycle, five chores. So at home, depending on how many kids you have, just come up with, you know, four chores or three chores or ten chores. I don't know how many kids you have at home, but you can do that. And then every week, they take care of that. Try to cover the house as well as you can though, because with us, it's great to have the house clean everyone's small. So I added a couple things here just recently. The kitchen cabinets, baseboards and appliances, I've noticed that the cabinets, they get kind of gross, because food gets splattered and whatnot. And I didn't want to have to worry about cleaning that, neither did Megan, so we thought, well, I'll just put on the weekly chart. And then really the most beautiful thing I've ever put on the chart chart is the cars. The fact that those cars get vacuumed and cleaned out every week is awesome. I hated how messy our cars were all the time. And I was always the one that went ahead to clean it out. But now every week, they get cleaned out and they stay so much cleaner. I love it. In between, you know, in the afternoon, our home can be a pigstie. There are toys, blocks, chambers, shoes. So I don't want to create the illusion that our home is always clean, but it always ends up clean at the end of every day. And that isn't that for me. Because if it does at the end of every day, even when it's pretty messy in an afternoon, it's only an after-war, after-noons worth of messiness. So it's not too difficult to clean it up. I think it's when you go long periods of time that it gets really messy. And I will say that at the beginning of being parents when we had just made the Elijah and Andrew at home, our home was very messy and it was overwhelming for me. And it was, I was a sore spot for me and I was embarrassed about it. So I'm really grateful that we've been able to figure this out and grateful that Mike really spearheads it and has taught our kids how to clean things. But he's also taught me too. He's the secret at our house is that Mike is like the Suzy Homemaker and he's really awesome at it. I'm the very homemaker. The very homemaker. That's very fitting. I encourage you to do this and I know it's stressful and it's a little scary first because you think I've tried so many things. We tried so many things. We had apps. We had charts like posters that were fun. We had stickers. We had magnet boards, whiteboards. We've tried so many things and this is for some reason. I think because it's so easy to understand and to see and to know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think so. It has really stuck and. So let's finish up though. You've also got monthly. We've also got a monthly chore here where the second week of every month I have the kids do something a little bit more of a deeper clean like baseball as walls, laundry room garage. That way, you know, we all know that those things get dirty but they don't get cleaned that often because you don't really think about it. So we do that and then everybody has a laundry day or I should say multiple people have a laundry day. So Elijah and Daniel have a Monday and you can kind of see this. So that's a good way for us so that our laundry doesn't suddenly get overwhelmed by five people who need to get their laundry down and we keep kind of a steady stream. And it is a steady stream. I mean, our laundry, our wash machine is going almost constantly. So it never really ends. But that way it doesn't like, I got, yeah, five people who have dirty clothes and nothing to wear all at the same time. Well, so sometimes I'll just notice something like, oh, that needs to be cleaned. I want to have a way to an avenue to address that with that. So I happen to go back and change this whole like weekly thing. So I wanted to be able to, you like that? I just wanted to wait. So I feel like something needs to be cleaned. Then I can, this is my like, my excuse right here, this monthly thing. So they know it's coming. Well, they know it's coming and they know they don't really know what it's going to be. So if I decide, oh, the windows are dirty over here or whatever, I can kind of on the fly decide they need to clean something different than usual. Okay, so that's what I have monthly. And I think that's it. It's really pretty, I mean, it's fairly simple once you get it all down. But again, it's worth it. And it's really helped us keep a more clean house. It's never totally clean, but it's more clean. So that's it. Hopefully you enjoyed that explanation on the chore chart and it will change your life possibly or maybe you already got it all together in your house is clean and that's great. If not, you should give this a shot. That's it. All right. So if you have any questions, you can comment in the comments down below or subscribe to see more videos like this and to learn more about how we run our household with 11 people and make that work. What do you think, Eve? Can you say bye-bye? Say bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.