 Okay, and now we're moving on to the next topic, which is how to get tar stains out of carpet fibers. So if you've got some of you traipsing along outside and the summer heat and they track in their boots and get it on the carpet, you can get it out. First you want to check to see how recent it is by trying to lift it off with a knife. If it's bonded to the fibers, then what you want to use is a multi-purpose dry cleaning solution that you can get at any home improvement store and you just want to sort of douse the area and it'll break down the tar and you want to blot it with firm pressure. It's not hot enough to spread to the rest of the carpet fibers so you can put a lot more pressure and try to break it down. And as you can see it's already transferring off to the cloth as it breaks down. And then once it breaks down enough you can try to pull it off yourself just to get the majority of the excess off of the carpet. So I've got a lot of it off and you're just left with a residue that you can continue the same process. But the tar is too thick for soap, water, ammonia, vinegar, other cleaning products to really have an effect on. But as you can see this is really working well. So the stain is pretty much gone. Now another option you have if you can't get it out if it's tougher or even more of a longer bond to the fibers is to go to an automotive store and they'll have cleaning products specifically designed for getting grease and tar out of fibers. But those are designed for automobiles. So the carpet in your house is going to be a little bit different. So what you want to do is use a test strip on an inconspicuous spot in the house where if it changes the color of the pigment of the carpet or if it discolors it or you have to actually remove that part, then it's not going to be as big of a deal. So do a test strip first. And if that doesn't work then the other option is to do professional cleaning company. And I guess you could consider one of the added benefits to that is that they'll clean the entire carpet of the house, not just that one area. So that is how you get a tar stain out of carpet fibers.