 Yes, the good life lets you hide all the sadness you feel Hey everybody welcome to my kitchen we are going to make Fakasha bread Fakasha bread is in my opinion truly Italian bread It is a form of bread that basically can be used in any time during the day It is my favorite bread It has olive oil in it, it is often made with a little extra salt which I like You can put all different types of toppings on there, caramelize onion which is what we are going to make, you can put olives, you can put olives in the dough which I have seen it with rosemary is a traditional way to do it You can have it for breakfast where you can spread different types of jams and so forth It preserves on it, you can have it for obviously a dinner which is a kind of a side dish you can have it for lunch and make a sandwich out of it, a panini which is great as it hardens or gets stale you cut it up and you make croutons out of it It is absolutely great, so Fakasha bread is one of my favorites It is so easy to make bread is so much fun to make I used to make bread down the restaurant with my dad I used to make pizza doll, I used to make Fakasha bread with my grandmother So certainly something fun to make really easy so I am going to show how to do it So what we have here is five cups of flour Now the flour I typically use is an organic unbleached, unenriched, just organic flour It is a fine, fine grind is what you want So that is perfect, I have got five cups of that I have got about one and a half cups to one and three quarter cups of water in here And this is the warm water When I say warm, I have read a lot of recipes They start giving temperatures and so forth What we want to do is we want the water warm But we don't want it cold and we don't want it hot If it is too hot it is going to kill the yeast, if it is too cold it won't activate the yeast And what we are going to do is we are going to take two packets of the instant yeast We are going to pop those in there and you are just going to stir it up The yeast is what is going to allow the bread to ferment So when you look at bread you see it all it is, all those holes in there That is cool, that is the yeast that essentially grows it, breaks down sugars Within the bread it gives off basically air, if you will In this case carbon dioxide And we want to feed the yeast, the yeast loves sugar Don't we all love sugar? So I am going to put one teaspoon of sugar right in there And that just gets this guy going And if you have ever been around anything that ferments For example like beer And you can smell like a fresh bread It has that kind of fermented hint to it if you want So I am going to stir that up And that doesn't really need a set of side for that one But that is going to set aside for a few minutes And you are going to see it start to get foamy And as it gets foamy The yeast is starting to get active, which is really cool And then what we have here is about a teaspoon, teaspoon and a half of salt So I am going to mix the salt right in there Which is beautiful I am just going to mix the salt in the flour Now this is going to make a mess And it is kind of cool But it is fun to play Every time I made pasta to dough with my grandmother Or even my dad when I was a kid Pizza dough, bread I would always start to play with it because it is like Play-Doh It is like silly play-Doh So of course you are going to start playing with it And then my father would tolerate that And my grandmother would tolerate that for a few minutes And then I would start to get yelled at Basta used to get it which means stop it off So mix that right up And that will ensure that we are getting a beautiful mix Now we are going to wash them olive oil in here You are going to want about a half of a cup of olive oil in the dough itself And again, faggasha bread is traditionally made with olive oil Not only in it but on top of it So it is beautiful What is nice about this is essentially making a fresh organic bread It does not have any preservatives It does not have any garbage or crap A lot of the other stuff And that is the beauty of making things Sometimes people say Jesus takes so long to make stuff You know what I get that And there is some truth to that But if you start thinking about how much time it takes you to go Grow your shop and grab stuff And pay for it and put it in a refrigerator Sometimes you find that it is cheaper to make some of this stuff yourself And not only that you can control what you put in there So you can make it better and healthier for you Which is what ultimately is most important So we are going to take about a half of a cup of olive oil And then we have our wet mixture So I am going to take the half of a cup of olive oil I am going to put it right on top How do you know what to have cup Because I have been doing it forever so That is how I know what to have cup And I am just going to mix that in Just a touch And then what I am going to do Is I have my yeast in here right I have already got my salt in there And then I am going to pour my water And yeast right on top right And they have nice and foamy And what you are going to basically do is just work it You are going to work it for a few minutes So I like to have flat, see the bottom of this wooden spatula Is flat Now we may need more flour Or you might need a little bit more water right You don't know So try to get it So it is not if you will wet Because you are going to lay it on the ground and you are going to work it And then you are going to let it rise And you are going to let it rise for about 2 hours And that is one of those little bubbles All those yeast get in there And they start working their magic And then you are going to punch it down And then you are going to refrigerate it And what they have allows it to do is it still allows it to ferment So it changes the flavor So it breaks down the stuff inside of it But it does not rise And you are going to pull it out You are going to put it in your baking sheet You are going to let it go to room temperature First I am sorry Then you are going to put it in your baking sheet And then you are going to let it rise again And you are going to punch it down in your fingers You are going to put olive oil, you are going to put salt You are going to put rosemary Oh my god it tastes a little bit It is delicious Ok now you have your bakers knife Remember one of my favorite tools For especially if you are making doughs Ok so that is about as good as I can get it I think in there Now this seems a little bit wet So I am going to probably have to put some more flour on there So I am going to do what you want to do here You want to put Let me open up my workspace here a little bit You are going to put some flour Right on the board here Ok here in this case in the counter Ok That is good Ok I am going to taste good Oh my god Love it And then you are just going to work it And same thing with all doughs What it is going to do is you want to make sure it is mixed And everything is incorporated It is a part of resting or letting something set It gets absorbed the moisture within the wheat itself Or within the flour Blue and sugar goceeo nice that dough is It is perfect It is soft And you work it five minutes You don't want to get it too tough But you want it to develop its own foundation This is great Every time I do this I am going to pick it back to my workin' in my with my dad And I usually I am a little bit of a messy cook When a special comes to flour Still lamb I always would be amazing people They get out of kitchen and be clean and neat I am like how the hell did you do that? You know But I get into it man, that is why So you just work that Man, that is perfect And that is what we are going to do is take a bowl And now I got the sugar in there So the sugar is really there to activate the yeast Give the yeast something to eat off of And then even though there are carbs And there are some recipes that don't call for sugar And then again the flour And it is still just a little bit tacky So I am still going to incorporate a little bit more flour And not a lot It is almost there Again I don't want it wet And if it feels a little bit wet to you It is a nice dough to work Nice and soft And just keep pulling the back So you do it, you pull it back And then push your other hand, fold it in Pull it back, fold it in, pull it back, fold it in And you can start to feel the moisture once you do it And what is nice about this is you can slowly incorporate the flour If you don't know how much you want to put in there Until you got it enough You are not really adding it unless you need it It smells great It feels great It is going to make a beautiful bread How easy is that? How long does it take? You get a good workout? I don't know if you guys know what my triceps is in there Got some good definition on the trice But you go to Italy and you look at some of the rich foods they eat And all the stuff they do But you forget they are out there farm and olive trees And they got their own garden and farm and their olive trees I mean how often I go to these towns Most of people don't even have carbs So they are walking in the village The grocery store is right up the street Everything they need is within walking distance of their house And they live small Small homes, small kitchens The biggest room in the house is usually the The diameter So they usually have a big table And it is all, you know, especially older It is all about family Which is so nice So there you go, so that is her flat That is perfect It is going to nice see it is not too wet And see it has some shape to it It has its own foundation to it And you watch my great uncle Davido He was 93, 94 years old Went to his house Which he had When you walked in it was a first It was a gathering of his buddies It was bar, so it was pinnacle And he was like a senator in his 90s And then in the next room it was his bakery And he had a wide open space of breads And all the different types of baskets And he had a hole in the wall And that was his oven So amazing, which he got going in the morning And he just tended it all day long And he would bake bread And he would work this at 90s, something years old And then you go in the other room and he was a butcher So he had salami He was known for salami all over the village Which was northern Italy Great, what a great guy he was Couldn't have been nicer And give us some bread and salami And some homemade cheese Oh, that is beautiful I was like to taste that Oh, absolutely perfect So what I'm going to do now is I'm going to take a bowl I'm going to put some olive oil on the bowl I'm going to put it in there And I'm going to put a cover over the top of it And set it on the side For about three hours, ideally And what it will double in size And when it doubles in size Like I said, you're going to beat it You're going to beat it down a little bit So you take out mostly the air out And it makes all the bubbles smaller That's what you do it that way You have to work it out, don't you think? You put it in the refrigerator You're going to pull it back out And get the room temperature again And it's going to almost double in size again And then we're going to put it in the oven It's going to be great, alright? So let me get a bowl right here Where's my bowl, alright? All I'm going to do is put a little olive oil on it And the other reason I do that is so it doesn't stick I'm going to take my dough Look how beautiful that is Isn't that beautiful? It's so funny, like itself, we're going to add it Almost totally going to put it in there, right? I could eat it just like that, it tastes so good I always like to cover it all And oil Because I don't want it to be a skin To develop Now that's going to set And you're going to leave that in room temperature And that puppy is going to rise, let me tell you So all I'm going to do is grab a plate Alright, I'm going to take a plate I'll use these at Put it over the top To the side Three hours from now I don't even know how long they took If I took seven minutes, right? Make your own bread Which tastes absolutely delicious So what we'll do is we'll tune back in three We'll pound that down Then after we do that I'll refrigerate it, I'll show you exactly what it's going to look like And then tomorrow when I pull it out of the refrigerator And already got one going obviously Then I'm going to show you how to Put it in the oven, put some rosemary on it Honey in, caramelized on it, it's going to be unbelievable MULT THE BONE! Fantastic I'll talk to you guys in a few minutes Ok guys, it's been about two and a half hours Yourself three hours So that is, that's our dough right there Double in size, right? So what we're going to do now is a couple different ways you're going to do it We're going to push it down right now And then we're going to wrap it up And we're going to put it in the refrigerator And we're going to let it set overnight And the next day what we're going to do is we're going to pull it out We're going to spread it out across the pan So here it is right here So there it is Right, so you're going to pull that out on a pan And then you're going to let that rise And it'll double in size So this is about half where it needs to be It's only been out of the refrigerator for a while And then what I'm going to do is I'm going to poke my fingers in it Rub it with olive oil, salt, coarse salt, typically or traditionally And then some rosemary I'm going to bake it in the oven At 450 degrees minimum You'll see I've got a thermometer in there which makes it beautiful And then you're going to leave it in there about 10 or more than 15 minutes It should brown up, cook all the way through Traditionally and most of it, it's going to be hotter on the bottom So you're going to want to put their burners Or even an electric going to be hot on the bottom So put it on the bottom, keep an eye on it Always try to keep it in the center Like I said about 15 minutes It's going to come out, oh my god it's going to be beautiful And it's an accent really or side dish to any meal You can make bruschetti, you can make anything you want out of it So what I'm going to do here, like I said, it's going to come fun then, is right? I'm going to push that down And what you're doing, you're squeezing that air out of it And then you're going to let the yeast go at it again Okay? And, oh look how, remember that dough we made? Oh wow, look how beautiful that is, right? It's got the beautiful smell I loved it, I'm going to taste it one more time Go that To like that ratchet, we're going to cook that out I'll talk to you guys in a little bit, to be awesome Alright guys, I want to show you how to make a great tapping for the fakash bread I've got onions going caramelized So what you're going to do is you're going to take a full onion You're going to slice it So the onion rings are longer and then cut it in half And then you're going to put about a quarter cup of olive oil I like using a white porcelain coated pan just because What you can do is you can kind of get a good gauge of how dark the onions are going If you use a cast iron bottom, it's sometimes it's tougher but So we're caramelizing these and take about 20 minutes And what that means is you're going to bring their sugars out And you're going to make them like caramel So you're going to just continually bring out the sugars And you're going to cook them down to where they're nice, golden brown And they're not frying They're just constantly being cooked down Okay? So let's come on over here Alright, so here's the fakash bread This is against, this is after it's second rising So I don't want to put my fingers in there yet But what I do want to make is the topping So I've got some rosemary which is traditional So I'm going to take about half of that rosemary in there Then I'm going to put in, okay? And I want to leave a little bit for the rough top Then I'm going to put on after, okay? And then I'm going to take some garlic Right? So pump up on your garlic in there I'm going to take some salt Now we want to be generous on our salt I like to put it all in my mortar and pestle at once My mortar and pestle at once Because the salt will act as an abrasive So good stuff, a little pepper Look at that, huh? Imagine those ladies way, way back when on a pizza Granted on the side of a, on a hill that they used to use So, and then nothing's better than mortar and pestle What that's going to do, you know, it's a lot different than a food processor So when you look at it and science has shown When you smash the, let's say in this case rosemary What you're really doing is you're breaking apart the salt Break down to the salio level And you can't do that with the food processor The food processor is going to cut it But it's not going to smush it, just smash it And what you really need is mortar and pestle When you hear pestle, it actually from a Latin and Italian word which means the pound So you're actually pounding Now I don't want to add the olive oil yet But you're actually pounding Flavors Oh my god, that smells awesome So, so I'm going to make a paste, right? And don't get nervous, so you're going to muddle it Right? And you want to just smash it This is good if you're pissed off, angry Maybe I can't say that If you're really angry at somebody You're going to have to add a lot of the one You just have a little water, pestle, and start making the pestle And all of a sudden Adding a little white wine You're going to have a good afternoon It just totally makes everything good Alright, so we're rocking and rolling Now that's a paste And now we're going to add generous amount of olive oil In this case, you know, I say a quarter cup And a little bit more than that And then you're going to mix it And that's it, so see And there's already salt in there And then you mix that puppy up I get into physical cooking You notice that making pastcho It's a good way to say it Now hold on a second Oh my god, I'm telling you There is no way Then you can get something that good Out of a There's a lot of things that you can do And you can get something that you can do And you can get something that you can do And you can get something that you can do Oh, there There is no way you can get something that good Out of a food processor I'm just telling you So what I'm going to do is I'm going to drizzle that All over the tub Cause I like to use a Spatula in the morning puzzle Cause I'm going to get everything out of there When you lay it on againstrite And it's covered with olive oil This thing weighs about 20 pounds So let's do a great great crack your green a countertop Ok, so I've got everything out everything out, spread there, right? And then you're just going to spread it over the top of the for kosher bread, okay? And then you want to poke your holes in last because what you want to do is you want to essentially push the flavor into so you break a little bit of the skin surface, okay? And it's kind of fun. See how it raised? So what's going to happens all that gooey oil and salt is going to work its way right into the bread, okay? Look at that, same as a few spots. Nobody makes for kosher bread better than me. Oh my god. Oh my god. So what we'll do is this, I'm going to throw in about a half way with my, with my image. The worry there is sometimes if you put everything on top and this thing really starts to crank, you'll burn it, okay? So you want to, that's perfect, right? The more I like top, I'm going to put that in, that's about 500 degrees. So let me tell you that that puppy is hot. There's no forgiveness you touch the side of that. So I'm going to let that go. These are almost done about 10 minutes. Good way to not burn your bread, okay? I'm going to put down for about 15 minutes. Give me a little bit less, say 10 minutes, 12 minutes, and I'm going to let that go. Then what I'm going to do won't be done yet. Then I'm going to throw some stuff on top, let it go another five or six minutes. Bread's going to be absolutely perfect. And then we've got a beautiful accent to what we're making. This will be for another video, but I just want to show you what I made over here. I got some basil tomato sauce. I mean, can you smell that right there? Fresh basil? Oh my god, and that's going to go with our homemade ravioli. I'm believe it will. All right, I'll talk to you guys in a few minutes. You guys ready? Oh boy, this is halfway through. My timer just went off. I got to be careful. This thing doesn't slide out. But see how it's just starting to get across on it? A whole whole bunch of gut. So now I've got the rosemary, right? So I'm going to, now I'm going to just put that on top as a larger. And now that's going to cook, but that's on top. So that'll, I don't want to burn it. And then I want it to, there you go. So okay, then what we're going to do, I'll put that little caramelized onion right now, it's talking about. So just spread a little bit of that on top. And throw it on the floor too. That's good. There's so good to floor it. Love it. That's what happens. I get so damn excited. Spread it a little bit. It's so hot. Heat. I got to tell you the smell is just unbelievable. What's the camera person thing? Is this small good? All right, so let's pop that puppy back in. Let's push it all the way to the back. Now, just leave on waste time. Set your timer. 10 minutes, okay? That way you know you won't ever want to burn you. You don't want to waste your time. Well, 10 minutes will pull that puppy out. I should have cut it up. Unbelievable. And I want to thank you guys for giving me a little time in your life to share a little bit of my life with you and some history with you and some traditions from my family and my grandmother care online. Thank you guys so much. Thanks for joining me and cooking Italian with Joe. I will talk to you guys next week.