 Hey everybody, it's Dale, back with you again today. We're going to do another video with Sugar Water. I did one the other day and I posted it and I was riding around the next day and figured out that I'd give you some wrong information so I went ahead and took it down and I think it was 77 views on it or something like that. So I'm doing another video on Sugar Water. The correct one I told you on the other day, I said that I was doing one-to-one mixture. During the winter time I do two-to-one, two parts sugar, one part water. Today I'm doing 40 pounds of sugar so I'm putting about two and a half gallons of water in it from what up figured. My sideburn's not the best in the world so we're going to see how that mixes up. The reason why we feed two-to-one in winter times because it helps promote storage as far as them putting it in for storage. During the summertime or in the spring we feed one-to-one that promotes them drawing out calm and stuff like that. That's the reason why there's a two-to-one mixture and then a one-to-one mixture. I don't have the big exact beezing in there with a little instruments measuring and see what is what. Right now I've got two and a half gallons of water and they're on the stove warming up. I'm going to try something a little different. I went to Harbor Freight while I go and got one of these little apparatuses. It's for mixing paint. We're going to try it on sugar water I think I think I'd be six or seven-odd. I'll just go ahead and add it on my little Dewalp drill. We're going to bring the one water out here or the hot water out here. We're going to put 40 pounds of sugar in it and we're going to mix it up. So we'll see how good that works. Here lately when I've made it the next day there's a sugar in the bottom of the thing so hopefully when we got a little bit of power behind it we can mix it up a little bit better and get everything incorporated like it needs to be. So stick around the water's heating up and we'll get to making sugar water. Alright as you can see we got boiling water. Good deal. We'll put one 10 pound bag of sugar in here to start with. Mix it up real good. Nice see what I'm doing this outside. Turn it down the way. See what it does. Oh yeah. I think reverse works a little bit better. Maybe not keeping it all in one spot. That's one bag now. That beats the crap out there. That beats the crap out of a wooden spoon. Hopefully we're going to have enough room for all this. Okay. Now for number four. It's a tornado of sweetness. What I'm doing is forward and reversing the drill when I get the tornado foam. And better material getting a little wet ahead and charge it in a couple months so it's getting a little wet. Tell you what I think that right there is the ticket. I won't give it a few minutes and let it sit and I'll come back here and mix it again. I think that right there is going to be the heat for making sugar water. That's 40 pounds of sugar. About 20 pounds of water. That's 60 pounds right there. That right there will probably last. I got my 15 house here. My bee is probably run through that and probably five or six hours in one day if it's nice and pretty. That's the reason why I mix up so much at one time. I've got four of them. I've got four of them somewhere else over at my mother's house that I need to go feed to. This week it's been probably at least 70 degrees every day and today's January 3rd or 4th. But this coming week is about to be down to the 40s during the day for a couple days. It's been crazy with the bees but this is how I make sugar water. I'm going to give it a few minutes and let it rest and let everything settle and I'm going to stir it up again. I'll bring you back when I do that and then we'll finish the video. One last last final storm. I'm going to put the honey in the pot and let it rest for a while. I'm going to put the honey in the pot and let it rest for a while. I'm going to put the honey in the pot and let it rest for a while. Alright, there you have it. Sugar water. If it gets you one of these, it's hard to free. They're worth six or seven dollars I do believe. Everything's mixed up good now. I'm going to have a treble with them. Not being mixed up good. You put them in your little gallon jugs or whatever next day to be crystals in the bottom of the pot. I think this is going to be the ticket. I want them to water up on the stove and come outside and mix it up. That way you don't get sugar syrup everywhere because that does make a mess. I hope you all enjoyed the video. All the information should be correct on here. 2-1 in the winter time, 1-1 in the spring and summer. 2-1 helps promote storage. 1-1 helps to promote wax building. So they can build to come out and not other good stuff. I hope you all enjoy the video. Please like and subscribe. Leave any comments if you have any questions or anything. I'm really good at answering those pretty quick because they come up on my phone. So everybody's doing good. Happy New Year to everybody. We'll see you in the next one. One more thing for me in the video. One thing you can add to your sugar water is... Lemon Grass Oil. About a health food store. Watered off the worldwide web. Or is it really like the call it? The intranets. The adds flavor. Well, not flavor. It adds a scent to it. Some people put them lemon grass oil and swam halves. So I put it in sugar water to help draw the bees to it. It gives a little bit of a smell and helps draw the bees to it so they can go ahead and start finding it and getting it. And taking it back to the hive. So that's one tip. Some people put honey bee healthy and just different types of bees. Essential oils and restiff. But I just put lemon grass oil in it. Now that it's gone takes probably. And some of this bee you probably put five or six drops in it makes it up good and that'd be good to go. So that's another little tip on sugar water. We'll see you on the next one.