 So today we are going to make fake poop and you know like people might be wondering why we would want to make fake poop. Well because you know if you have your brother or sister or something like that then obviously they probably get on your nerves sometimes so you might want to prank them back so that's why we're going to make fake poop today. So materials we need are a few squares of toilet paper I usually use to but you can use as many as you want and a marker. So you're just going to put this on here. I'm going to grab a napkin so that I don't get it on the table. You're just going to make swipes with this. You don't have to cover the whole thing because it will bleed after you put under the water but cover enough that it will make it brown after you put under the water. So we're just going to go like this. So once you're finished covering the toilet paper you can go to the sink and wash it and make it bleed. So we're here at the sink and we're going to just wash this off. You don't eat too much water because you don't want to wash it all away but just add a little water. Make sure it all gets brown. That's about enough. Now this will drip but you know you can always just wipe your hands off and you're just going to shape it. Try not to make too many lumps. So just carefully shape it into your little cylinder type shape. So then once you have that you can just wash your hands off. They do get a little dirty but I don't really care and you can just wash your hands off. So we're going to go to the bathroom and do the correct placement with this little ball of hickiness. So we have our fake piece of poop and we're going to place it on the toilet. So you're just going to take it and you're just going to plop it right there. And if there's any little marks on the toilet make sure you just wipe it off because it'll give it away. So then just make sure you get all that. And then you can prank your friend because it looks pretty real if you look at it from far away. So yeah we're going to prank somebody. Ah who pooped out the toilet!