 Hi guys, I'm Laura Vitale, you know, this episode of Laura in the kitchen, I'm going to share with you how I make my mini Pavlovas. Now I have shown you a traditional Pavlova here and I've also shared with you a chocolate Pavlova. Note to self, I need to make it soon because I'm craving it. The point is, this is really the same recipe but I'm just sharing with you how I make small versions of it. And the reason why I'm doing that is because I've gotten so many people requesting if I could show them how to make mini miniature Pavlovas. Because the time and the oven differs and all that stuff. So if I could share it with you and you know, anything miniature is awesome. So mini Pavlovas it is. The base for the Pavlova is the easy and simple, it requires just a handful of ingredients like egg whites, grinding sugar, cornstarch, cream of tartar, salt, white wine vinegar, vanilla extract. That's it folks, very few ingredients which you'll probably already have on hand. And then we're going to top these with a few fresh fruit and some whipped cream. They're going to be delightful. Now what I've done is I've preheated my oven to 300 degrees Fahrenheit. Now what I have here is two cookie sheets or baking sheets, whatever you got. And I've got some parchment paper and I just took a 4 inch cookie cutter or a biscuit cutter. And I just took a pencil and traced out little circles on each little one, on each piece of parchment paper. And then I'm going to flip that around and really you don't have to do this. This just kind of gives me a guide is to how big they should be. I want them to all be roughly around 4 inches, that way they all bake at the same time. So if you want to do these in 2 inches or 3 inches, just remember that it's going to take less time for them to be in the oven. So 4 inches, so be in the oven for about 35 minutes. If you're doing them 3 inches, maybe around 27 to 28 minutes or a little less than that if you're making them smaller. So I'm just using these as a guide, but make sure you flip your parchment paper over so that your meringue or your mixture isn't touching the pencil. So we have those ready, set those aside, and let's get started. I'm going to make mine and my standing mixer. Make sure that you're standing mixer and your beater is really clean with absolutely no oil residue left behind. Because if there is, the egg whites will not whip. So I've got my egg whites in there. I'm going to add in my cream of tartar and my salt. If you don't have cream of tartar, just add just a little tiny squeeze of lemon juice. The cream of tartar is really to stabilize the egg whites and really helps them keep their shape and whip up a lot faster. Now what I'm going to do is whip these until they become frosty. So once they're there, I'll show you the next step. My egg whites are nice and frosty, and now I'm going to just add one tablespoon of sugar at a time and continue to whip these until they are glossy and hold 5 peaks. So I'll show you what they look like when they're done. It can take any time between like 5 to 7 minutes, sometimes they take more time than that, sometimes less. So just keep your eye on it. I just keep adding the sugar or tablespoon at a time. That looks good. Let's get this out of here. Yep. Beautiful. Now we need to get it all off. Because if you don't, that means it's not going to go in your finished dish. Alright. Just give that a stir. That's perfect. That's exactly what I want. Really beautiful. Now this, if you want to make this like this, this would be a meringue. Nice and crisp, nice and light and crumbly. We want Pavlova, which is that gorgeous marshmallow-like interior and that lovely set crust. So to do it to achieve that, we need to add a couple of additional ingredients. White wine vinegar, very crucial. You can also use red wine or balsamic vinegar. And I've got some cornstarch. And then I always like to add just a little bit of splash of vanilla and a whole lot. And now what I'm going to do, I'm going to just fold this all in with my spatula just being here for that I incorporate everything, but that I don't deflate all the work that my, I was going to say all the work I did, but a reality. All the work my standing mixer did. Which I get a lot of questions if you can make meringue without a mixer. If you want to give yourself a nervous breakdown, my all means do it by hand. It's going to take you a good 20 to 30 minutes to whip those egg whites and a lot of elbow grease. But really, you don't need a standing mixer to do it. You can't help whisk that's electronic, you know, plug it in and go to town, we'll do the job perfectly well. It's just, truthfully, it's really difficult to whip those egg whites without feeling like you want to give up because you're so exhausted because it just seems endless. Okay, now what I'm going to do, I'm just going to actually going to dip, oops, I'm going to dip my spoon. And the reason why I'm doing this is just to hold the parchment paper down. That's all. I have to put a little bit of the batter in each corner. Okay, and now I am going to just take a spoonful of this at a time and pop it into my little circles. And then I will fix them and kind of shape them once I have all my meringue onto my baking sheets. Look great. You can see I just spread them out a little bit and then I kind of like make a little wall around them and then a little indent in the center because that's why I'm going to pipe in the whipped cream. But please don't worry about not having them be perfect. Just spoon it on there and pop it in the oven and it'll be delicious. You can pipe them out with a piping bag and start tipped if you want to. But I'm going to pipe on the whipped cream. That's enough piping for me for one day. So now I'm going to pop these into the oven that I have preheated at 300 degrees. And I'm going to leave these in there for about 35 minutes. So I'm going to turn the oven off. Open the door of the oven slightly and let them cool completely in there as the oven cools and as these cool at the same time. That way they don't kind of crack and fall apart. You just want them to gently cool down. The temperature is lowering a little bit, little by little by little. That's how you want these to cool down. So I'm going to pop these into the oven. I have my racks at the very top and at the very bottom pop them in. And I'll show you what they look like when they are fully cooled. My beautiful base of my little Pavlovas were in the oven for 35 minutes. And I turned the oven off. Open the oven door just a little bit and let them cool completely in there as the oven kind of cooled down as well. And look how beautiful they are. And this is why you kind of want to make sure they've got high sides. So they're beautiful. They're lovely marshmallow interior. I'm just going to just, I'm just going to just, a little peak in there a little bit for you. You can still see it right there. But that's okay. We're going to cover that with cream. So it'll be okay. What I have here is some heavy cream that I whipped together with just a tiny bit of confectioner sugar. So I got nice stiff peaks. And now I've got some Kiwi and raspberry. What I'm going to do is I'm going to blitz up the kiwi. So it's a nice lovely puree. You don't have to. You can cut the kiwi in small size. It's small little bites and top it all like that. But I'm just going to puree this a little bit so that I can drizzle it on top and then, you know, add little fresh raspberries on top. The reason I want to do that is because you always want to have a good balance between the sweetness and some tartness from, you know, in the whole recipe. Because the pavlover base is sweet. The cream is sweet. You want a little something tart to balance it all. So kiwi is perfect. Passion fruit would be ideal. But I just don't have any. And it's kind of difficult for me to find. It's not something I can find on a regular basis. So this works really well. All I'm going to do is I am going to just pulse this until it's nice and smooth, but still tiny bit of chunks remain left behind. That's looking good. I'm just going to let that sit there for a minute. Now what I have here is just a disposable piping bag fitted with a large tip. I'm not going to do anything fancy. I just need a little help getting the whipped cream on there. You can most certainly just spoon it right on top. But I'm just going to pipe it on there just to make things a little bit easier. And of course, this is just a few of the bases that I had in the oven. But I wanted to just show you a few of them and how they look because I couldn't fit all of them on one platter. All right. Enough chit chat. Let's get this in there. And I'm not going to cover the whole thing. I'm not going to do anything fancy. I'm just going to put a little whipped cream in the middle of each one. That is it, my friend. Let's see. Do I want to put a little bit of whipped cream? Yeah, why not? Feeling really generous today. And again, we're going to cover these up with fruit. So you'll never know. Set that side. Bring this closer to me. And I've got my keirin here. You don't want to add too much. Just a little bit. But look at that. Look how beautiful that is. And once you have the raspberries, it just is... And you know what's really great about this? As you can see, I'm most certainly no food stylist. And I have no patience. But I love when food looks like it should. I don't like to make food look perfect. Look, I could have usually used the fancy or piping bag, piping tip to form out my pads. But why would I? I mean, look how beautiful they look as is. So I love that. That's what I'm about. I just love for things so rustic and homemade. It gives them so much more character. And that is just how I roll. And then I like to take a couple of raspberries. How cute. Look at those. I'm going to wait till I do all of them because they're going to look so great. But I'm going to go right into it. I'm going to go in that big first one right here. Wish me luck. Mmm. No words. That is finger-licking perfect. The base is punchy on the outside, chewy on the inside, sweet cream, slightly tart from the kiwi in the berry. It's literally perfection. To get the written recipe, go to larrymnicitchen.com. I hope you've enjoyed spending time with me. And let me know what other versions of things I've made you want to see made mini. So leave your requests down below and I'll see you all soon. Bye-bye. you