 Hey YouTube, it is easy prepper 101 and today we're going to do a review of the Steppic powder and that this brand that we have right here is meant for dog cats and birds. Let's get started. Alright guys, this is a product I really truly believe that every homeowner should have if they have a dog cat or bird and what this product is meant to do is that if you are trimming their nails and you cut too close and you hit the quick, it will make, you know, they'll start to bleed and all you're going to do for that is just unscrew this. As you can see it's a powder, really all you need is a cue tip, put some of the powder on there and we're just going to use this container for an example and then you're going to pack it into the cut or the wound and that will stop the bleeding also because this product is also meant for if the dog gets a cut on their, you know, anywhere on their face or on their body it can also help stop the bleeding. So literally all you just need to do is have a cue tip. But another thing you want to do is if you do not have a cone in the house because one of the incidents if you have a dog or cat, they're going to want to lick where the wound is. So you need to have something to kind of stop them or deter them. So if you have a cone, a cone is a great thing to put on there. But if not you could have something like this product right here, pause and literally all these are, these are disposable little, little booties and these are actually meant for the winter time. We live at Ohio and the temperature can fluctuate to where, you know, it can be in the summertime almost 100 degrees in the winter time. It can be almost negative 5, 10 degrees. And what these are meant to do is to help protect their feet. So this is a great product to have. So if you do not have a cone and you have some of these lying around, what you can do is you need two people. You open it up and you'll stick their paw in there and because it's so tight around the edge, it will, you know, place it in there. So it's hard for them to get off. The dogs can't get it off or anything. So this is a good product to have. One thing you definitely want to have with this product is do not leave it on their paw too long because if you do, you know, you probably could see some swollen because you need to have the cut breathe. So put it on for a couple hours, then take it off, pack some more of the powder on there. So this is definitely a nice little, you know, DIY product to have around the house if you have to improvise. One thing that I do know is that if you use someone like the rats and stuff, the dogs will just rip that off real quick. So having these kind of little booties is a good thing to have. And also to, it's also fun to see them walk around because they really can't walk with these booties. So that's it. One other thing you can use for a substitute if you do not have a product like this at home for their nails is cornstarch. Cornstarch is kind of the same thing. It doesn't have some of the medical purposes, but it will help clot and stop the bleeding. That is going to conclude this video. Hopefully you guys learned something from this video. If you have any comments, write them down below. Give it a thumbs up if you like it and if you have it, please subscribe. Thank you guys so much. We'll catch you guys down the road.