 This video is an overview of how to make Polish sausage or kielasa. There are many different recipes for Polish sausage. Generally, there are different cuts within different sausages. Here we have several blades, chopping, large and small cuts. We use pork and pork fat. There are hundreds upon hundreds of recipes for Polish sausage. In this one, we are making a basic sausage. It will be a fresh sausage that can be used fresh or dried and smoked. First, you make a first cut. Be sure that your meat is cold so that it cuts well. It doesn't mush. You want a sharp cut. And that requires meat that probably spends some time in the freezer. Very simple basic recipe. Two and a half pounds of pork, three crust cloves of garlic, salt and crushed English spice. Once you get the spices and mix it and mix it well. Take your time. We want the spices to grow through the meat. They have the marie. Then, take some and test it. Fry it. Get it nice, the way you like, and check it and taste it. If it is right, then go forward. If not, go back and adjust your spices. And let someone else test it too. You don't have to be the sole arbiter. You know who's going to be eating it. Let it work. Then, we chill the meat again. We put it in a refrigerator or a freezer. So it's good and cold. And in this particular case, we give it a second grind. For some recipes, you won't. You'll only go with a single grind. Now, I emphasize that there are many types of sausage. Some sausages have different size cuts, large pieces, small pieces, and very fine grind. As for the case, there are many different types of casings, different sizes, because there are many types of sausages. Here, we have some casings we bought on the internet. They have a shelf life, about a year in short. We put them in water, get them good and soft. And then, in this case, we put them on the stuffing tool that comes with the small mixture that we use for small batches of Polish guilty lacer. Once you get them on the stuffing tool, now it's time to go ahead and start feeding. The cold sausage back into the casing. Very simple and straightforward. Push it through. Once it gets one length filled, twist it towards you, then go ahead and twist it the other way for the second link. You can use other equipment, a simple hand grinder, and a horn-type sausage stiffer. Actually, we prefer the horn stiffer, but we use this machine for you. This is what you result with. You can dry it, smoke it, you can use it fresh, and in some cases you don't even have to put it into the casing. Many people like to use this particular recipe as a cutlet. We hope that this helps come to our recipes page. We have hundreds more recipes there, and a lot more on different types of Polish sausages. Thank you.