 Hey, I'm Brian Landry. I'm the chef at Bourne restaurant in New Orleans and also the chef for the Gulf Seafood Marketing Coalition. I'm here today to show you how to cook some great Gulf Seafood. Today we're going to use black grouper, which is a great mild white flesh fish from the Gulf of Mexico. And we have a great simple recipe, a lot of flavor for you. We're going to blacken it actually. And so today obviously the star ingredient is this black grouper. And you can see it's this nice white flesh fish. And so we're going to start with a creole seasoning. I like to make my own because then I can control the salt. We're just going to rub it on the flesh of the fish just like that and make sure we do the other side as well. And we just season it fairly liberally, depending on the heat you can control how much seasoning you put on. But we're just going to kind of pat it on to that flesh just like that. Again season on both sides. And we're going to cook that in cast iron skillet. To go with this black grouper we're going to make a nice fresh black eyed pea salad. So here I have a nice black cast iron skillet. I love these because they stay seasoned. You oil them after use. And it helps us retain a lot of flavors when we cook. So we have a little bit of olive oil. So we're going to let this pan get nice and hot. And as you can see the oil has a little bit of shimmer to it and a little bit of smoke coming off. And that's when we're going to add this beautiful grouper for the other. And it goes right in the pan. And we're going to get a great sear on it. Nice high heat. And while that's heating I have my oven. It's already turned up to 375 degrees. One of the fatal mistakes I think people make when cooking seafood is that they overcook it. Basically when we're cooking beautiful sweet gulf seafood the last thing we want to do is overcook it. So we always cook our seafood until just through. Alright, so we have this drooper. It's only been in the pan a minute or so. It's getting that nice crust. We flip it over. We're going to do the same on the other side. It's only going to take about a minute on the next side because it's going to stay on that side while it cooks in the oven. When we're blackening it's important to notice the difference between blackened and burnt. Blackened refers mostly to the seasoning blend that gets a nice crust when you sear it in cast iron. We're not looking to actually burn the outside of the fish. So we have this nice crust on it. It's been seared on both sides. We take the whole skillet. We pop it right in the oven. Eight minutes later pull it out. It's going to be beautiful. So we have our little saute pan here. We're going to put that on medium heat. And again we start with a little bit of olive oil. Not too much. We have all these wonderful ingredients. We're going to start with marappla. So we have a little diced onion. A little bit of celery. And finally some carrot. We get a nice quick saute on that. And for this we just want to cook these until it trends loose. So it's not going to take very long at all. I have here some black eyed peas that have already cooked off. So I did a very simple, I soaked them overnight the next morning. Bring them up to a boil with a little bit of onion and bay leaf and cooked till tender. But you can also easily substitute canned black eyed peas. Just make sure you rinse them before you use them. So we have our marappla get nice and tender. We're going to add a touch of garlic. Nicely finely minced. And so we have our aromatics already translucent. We're going to add our black eyed peas. We're going to stir those up evenly, distribute all of those beautiful bright vegetables. Those just need to warm through. We're going to grab a little bit of this fresh thyme and just use the leaves. And thyme is a fairly strong herb. So we're not going to need a lot maybe about a teaspoon or so. Getting that to a nice little pile. Chop it up nice and fine. We're going to add that. I'm also going to use a little bit of this flat leaf parsley. Just chop that up real quick. And right into the pan. We're going to mix that all up. And then one of the ingredients I like to use a lot is called cane vinegar. Nice southern ingredient. It's made from cane sugar. Same thing that cane syrup would be made from. And this is a nice very mild, slightly sweet vinegar. And if you don't have access to cane vinegar, rice vinegar works just as well. Nice mild, sweet vinegar. And then we'll drizzle a little bit of olive oil. So we're making like a warm pea salad. So it's all coming together. We're going to season a little bit of salt and a couple of cranks of pepper. Mix that all up. Looking beautiful. So the fish is coming out. So black eye pea salad coming together. It's feeling great. Cooked just through. So now it's time to plate it up. So a little black eye pea salads coming together. I'm going to put a little bit of that right in the center of the plate. And lay that right on top of a peas. Again, just cook through. And then we'll finish that nice and simple. One little squirt of fresh lemon juice right over the fish. Doesn't get much healthier. Beautiful mild white grouper, warm black eyed pea salad. Wonderful healthy option. Easy cooking during the week.