 This is a setup for the fixed pulley. And again, a pulley is a wheel with a grooved rim in which a rope or belt moves. And it's used for lifting heavy objects. So here's my pulley. Here's my pulley string. And I am using a spring scale to measure how much forces needed to lift the objects. There is a set of weights. There are a few paper clips and what you want to do is shape one of them in an S shape so you can attach that to the weights and a rubber band. Okay, so what I did initially is I took my paint stick and I used masking tape to secure it down to my desk or tabletop. And then I'm going to go ahead and add these two books to make sure that it's really nice and secure. Or you can hold it for extra support. And so at the very tip of not tip but right around here, what you're going to do is you're going to go ahead and wrap your one of your rubber bands all the way around since it's like till it's nice and secure. Okay, read, you're on. And then you're going to add your pulley to it. Hook it on there. All right. Then you're going to go ahead and add your string. This is the tricky part so it's good to have a few helpers. Okay, so move up and down. It fits perfectly in that groove. Sometimes it comes off but you just have to. All right, so what you want to do is you're going to take your spring scale and then you're going to see how much force it takes just to lift this spring scale. And right now it looks like it's 0.8 newtons. Okay, we're going to see how much force is needed when we use a pulley. Okay, so common sense you think, okay, a pulley is a simple machine. It's going to make our life easier. So that's it's going to take less newtons. So that's the whole point. So what you're going to do is you're going to go ahead and take your S shape clip. Put it on one of these little books. Then you're going to take your spring scale and you're going to see. So we have 0.8 just to lift it. We're going to see how much force is needed. Okay, so it says 0.5 newtons. So our pulley is successful. It's less force to lift this load with a pulley.