 Hey everyone, I know a lot of people have this problem of your clothes if you have a word and a long time having this dusty closet smell and if you're going somewhere out and you haven't worn a dress in a long time, the smell might not be the best. So I have a solution to this problem and this is a very simple DIY that you can use. It's easy to find from home, it's quick, easy and it's how to keep your clothes as slow and fresh. You need some rice, white rice with a spoon and then your favorite perfume, cool on anything that has a stronger scent to it and then a pouch. I have the gold pouch that you can use for wholesome but if you don't have that you can just get some bag or zip on bag and then you need something point and you can make clothes with and then a string. What you do is you take the perfume and you spray it into the rice. The more you spray in the stronger the rice will have a scent to it. When I distribute it with the spoon, mix it around and more if you put it, that's fine of the better smell. Next you take your pouch and there's something pointy and you make clothes, this is where that smell will come out. You spray it seven to about ten on each side. Then obviously you take the rice and you put it into the pouch, I always read me three pouches so that couple of rice will be good for three pouches. Then you close it but not all the way. Leave some little air to go through. Let your gold pouch. Another simpler product or object that you have to give is a plastic bag and you make clothes on there too. You do the same thing you did to the pouch. Then you tie it with a ribbon. Don't do it too hard so air can come out. Make a little bow just for more chicken and then you got your plastic pouch. What bag actually? Then I actually put one of my pouches in different areas of the closet and I will show you where you can put your some ideas. You can hang it up somewhere at the top. On your top of a rack you can just set it down. You can also hang it on a hanger on the door. And my favorite idea is putting it on a hanger and putting it in between the clothes. The mixture does it touch. Thank you guys so much for watching, thumbs up and like if you enjoyed this video and if you are going to try it. Thank you so much for watching. Bye!