 Hello everyone, welcome to Decorating with Barbara. In today's video, I'm going to share with you guys how I layer my accessories on my buffet. But first, I wanted to thank you guys for your support. We have reached over 13,000 subscribers and I just wanted to say thank you to each and every one of you guys because I could not have done this without you. In recognition for your support, I would like to give back to you and what I would love to, I would love to give each and every one of you guys a gift but I can't do that. So I thought I would give you guys a video for the next seven days, one video per day, on some type of decorating idea or tips. So what it will be is I will be sharing with you how I put my house back together after taking all the Christmas decorations down. I'm going to work on each room at a time and as I put it back together or as I do say maybe my fireplace or just whatever. I'm not sure but as I put each room back together, I will share some of that video with you guys. So if you have any requests, as I do each room, I'll probably do something in the dining room, my study and then the kitchen. I still have things to do in there. So if there are some things that you think you might want to see, just leave it in the comments and if I can accommodate you guys, I will. So let me know what you think about that. A video for the next seven days on decorating tips and ideas. I may even throw in some painting techniques because I know a few of you guys have been asking about the white wash process and some other painting techniques. So I may be able to throw in a little bit of that. So anyway, just I wanted to say thank you and just let you know how much I appreciate all that you guys have done to get us to this point. So let's go ahead and get started with the buffet. I already have a few items layered on the buffet. I have a runner and if you guys saw my last video where I shared the walkthrough of Bellaby Decor, this was a runner from their store and I shared this in my haul. It's the gray denim runner and so I went ahead and laid it down on the buffet just for a little darkness on top of the light colored buffet and then I layered in this woven runner that I got from Goodwill and I am so excited about this runner. I got it for $2.99 at the Goodwill and I just want to share with you guys how it looks. The style of it if you can get close, there's all the woven neutral colors that I like in addition to this leather silver leather. What would you call it? A little thread. Okay, so I also layered in a tobacco basket and you guys, I'm sure you've seen that before. I'm used it in the dining room several times and of course you guys have seen the horse and so I'm gonna layer him in just toward the back because these two pieces are tall and as you can see I'm layering him a little bit in front of the basket as opposed to right next to the basket because when you do your vignettes you want not only do you want the highs and lows like I talked about in one of my latest videos but you also want things to be forward and something's back. Okay, so next I have this vase. Now this is another item that I got from Goodwill the same day I got the runner and this was also, so I'm gonna show you the bottom of the vase. Can you get that? This was $2.99 and it originally came from restoration hardware, there is no tag and it was made in Italy and so this is a good piece you guys know that I told you before that I like anything that has any type of print or script on it and then this one just being from Italy is perfect for how I like to decorate and my style of decorating and so inside the vase you may have recognized this flower this was also in Bella B's and this is a foam flower and I like to decorate with these large flowers because when you put them in a vase it's easy to you know put an arrangement together you don't have to know how to be a florist because these flowers just take center stage on their own and as you can see I just added some pussy willow which I got from the Dollar Tree but yeah this flower is really pretty so if you guys like these large flowers you can get these at Z Gallery I think Hobby Lobby has a small selection it just depends on the color that you're looking for but yeah I really like decorating with the large flowers and if you go into store looking for them they are foam flowers okay so I have that and as you guys can see I have this layer just a little bit in front of the horse and then so now I'm gonna add a lantern and at this point you could add a pair of candle sticks but I'm gonna add the lantern because I like the texture on the lantern I like this little scroll idea and then I have a little greenery inside and I'm just going to add one of my battery operated candles okay so now I have this space right here that I'm working with and we talked about odd numbers the other day in decorating so as you guys can see I have four pieces right here and I'm you know trying to give the different heights so now I need to fill in this spot right here and so I have a few options but my favorite option is the dobo because you guys know how I love dobo you can never have enough dobo and so I'm gonna put it here and then I'm going to put a few little items in here not a lot um let me grab a few items with this dobo I'm gonna head and place something underneath so I could lift it tilt it forward a little bit and I just have a few random pieces that I'm gonna add in there um and like I said this is totally personal up to you what you would put in there there's a ton of things that you could use in here um but I'm just going to first of all I'm gonna add this like little wood block add a little bit of greenery because as you can see all the colors are starting to blend they're different in tone but they are all neutral but you still need to add a little greenery at times just to give it a little a little bit of light for now and this is Valentine's I thought I would just use the slow sign and then just a little heart and that's enough but like I said in their ways you can really decorate it and that's why I like the dobo because you can put a lot of different items in here they don't always have to be like the ornament balls which I use sometimes on my dining room table so that's why I'm not duplicating that look with the ornaments in this particular dobo because I already have something going on on the dining room table which I will probably share with you guys in the video tomorrow so for now I think this is enough I get to see the runner um you know just a little bit of the texture a little bit of the darker color and then I get to see all of my other neutral colors and if I wanted to add in a color I could switch it out maybe in the floral or in this vase if I wanted to use a say a blue vase or even a yellow vase any color actually because this is neutral anything goes with the neutral and so that's probably where I would add my color I could add my color to the bowl or even in the candles but for now this works for me I really love decorating with the no curls and as I share my home tour you guys will see how it all come together okay guys so if you don't want to use a dobo you can just use just a small uh texture ball that's what I'm using here and then I have one more idea okay guys so here I added two additional ornament balls and then I added a little bit of greenery to the vase okay guys so I wanted to show you what it would look like with a pair of candlesticks and I like the way it looks but there is a slight problem okay so when I do my high and my low test the short candle starting off low and then going up high I don't have a low item now I could put the ornament ball on the other side of the vase for my low items but um let me show you what that would look like okay so if that's not working um let me see I have one more idea the problem is I don't have enough low items and too many tall items so I'm gonna fix it and show you what that looks like okay guys so this is much better so I added a lower vase with shorter flowers and now I can get my low candle my high candle my low vase the high basket the low balls and back up high to the horse and so that works out so much better you guys tell me what you think if you agree with the high and low rule and then the front to back as you can see I have the low candle forward and then I have the high one back and so I'm just trading off front to back and that gives movement to the vignette and it also you know just makes it a little bit more pleasing to the eye now I do like the yellow flower so let me show you one more idea okay so there it is with the yellow flower and I like the way that looks as well so I have a decision to make as to which idea I like best and you guys will see it when I do my home tour okay guys so that's going to do it for this video so don't forget to come back tomorrow for more decorating tips and ideas hmm for