 Now thought to say I'm going to do a nice quick video on how to roast and make carrots taste really nice rather than just boiling the carrots serving them up where you're roast in a make them a little bit more special with just a small amount of extra work. So for roasting up these carrots I'm just going to go through the ingredients I'm going to use. Now I've got me carrots there I've got 700 grams of shum-tuna carrots which are really delicious sweet carrots. Try and use those if you can otherwise use any baby carrots you can get out of. Now what we're going to do with those is put them in a baking tin, dribble some olive oil, give them a shake get them all nicely coated and then crack some salt and pepper over the top and then you can place those in the oven. Probably for about half an hour initially after the half an hour what we're going to do is add some honey and white wine vinegar. Probably say about three teaspoons that's a small spoon of each of those mix it together. Get them over the carrots and again roast them for another 20 maybe 30 minutes and you'll have delicious carrots and obviously the thing about this you know you can cook these as part of your roast dinner so when you're cooking your meat you can add your carrots in take them out at the end and you've got something wonderful. So nice and easy give them a go. Today I'm going to go through the ingredients all you need to do is to wash your carrots and dry them. Gave yourself a little baking tin, put some olive oil over the carrots salt and pepper, place them in a nice hot oven. Now I've got me oven on and it's preheated so I'm going to put the carrots in the oven. Now before that I'm just going to just put a little bit of olive oil over the carrots like this. What we're going to do is get a quick move around and again I'm going to put some salt and pepper on there so a bit of salt. Like pepper. Get them all nicely coated lovely. So I'm going to place those in the preheated oven. Now temperature wise my oven set to 180 degrees Celsius which is 350 degrees Fahrenheit gas mark 4. Now initially you want to cook for about half an hour. So we've got a olive oil and a salt and pepper on there. Half an hour cook time, pull them out half to half an hour and then what you want to do is put the honey and the white wine vinegar and then you place them back in and cook for another 20 or 30 minutes. Now I've been cooking the carrots for 30 minutes. Now I've done a few notice they've changed position because down here I've got some roast potatoes cooking with parmesan and they've got rosemary and nutmeg all nice things there. So you can check that video out. These have been cooking for half an hour so it's time to put the honey glaze with a little bit of white wine vinegar. So let's go and do that. So I've mixed up my honey and white wine vinegar. The important thing is equal quantities. Now I've set about 3 teaspoons which is pretty much what I've done here in the bowl and you can see the honey is not so thick and gloopy now but what we can do is just drizzle this on. You can either do that or maybe get a brush and brush it on like that. Just try and get it coated all over. So it's got a nice little honey glaze. Lovely. There you go. All done. Now what we can do is just grab it, swish them around a little bit, just like that and place them back in the oven. So again just place them back in the oven. Same temperature. I would probably say at least another 20 minutes, probably another 30 minutes. Now I've had those roasted carrots cooking for just under an hour. So I think it's time to pull those out. Look at that. Let's place up on the table and see how they taste. Now I've got me roasted carrots and in total mine have been cooking for one hour, just under one hour. Now look nice colour to them. Let's just try one of those. Oh yeah. You get a little bit of honey coming through so honey glazed. You don't taste them in the go but to be honest you have these nice and they've got a little bit of bint to them, a little bit of crunch. Absolutely delicious and they're sweet. Beautiful. Really nice to go with your christmas dinner, any sort of roast dinner. Obviously if you want to add a little bit extra honey that's entirely up to you but these are really tasty. Now later on I'm going to be serving up with my roasted lamb and I've got some roasted potatoes. So you know look at the lamb video. It's the one with the sort of marinade that's like pomegranate molasses and it's going to be absolutely delicious. So I'm cooking them all today. Got me roasted potatoes. I've got these beautiful carrots and that lamb and it's going to be wonderful. Thanks for watching my videos. I hope you enjoy. Don't forget to ring the bell and subscribe, leave the comments and I'll see you on the next one. The original naked chef.