 I have a wonderful electronic event that I want to see. Okay, there we go. Alright guys, on today's episode of Pinyana, still haven't come up with a new name for it. We have another thing to try. We already got our fuel system set up. If you didn't see the moonshine video, we have a jar from the moonshine. We have an air motor fuel pump in there. It's wired to the relay and all that stuff. We got our feed and return. They're teed in here just so you know there's no tricks, camera tricks. This is the factory fuel lines which are just looped. So we're feeding straight from there. Pump works, everything. This time we have denatured alcohol. We've already filled it up because we were just going to see if it works. Yeah, so we're going to make the video. What are our hypothesis on the denatured alcohol? Well it says it's a safe burning fuel or a clean burning fuel. It does say fuel. It says clean burning fuel. We still have the larger 440cc injectors. We put these 440s in. We have the factory connectors for the whatever the stock is and then the other connectors off the wiring harness that was in my amyata before I put the LS in it. Yeah, I don't know. I guess let's just give it a shot. Give it a shot, Grafton. Let's see what happens. Pump's on. Sorry, it's right up. High does a little high. Give it to the ass. Yeah, give it a full throttle rep. It works. All right, we should go drive it before our neighbors call the cops. The neighbors have to hate us right now. For sure. Yeah, that smells weird. That smells funny. So we tried this just for a laugh a minute ago and so we knew it was going to start and we revmed it and we're like, oh my god, it runs way better than the moonshine does. So we're going to go for a laugh around the neighborhood and see how it is. This might be a contender for some donuts. Denatured alcohol fueled donuts. It's going to be our new fuel of choice. It's a little more expensive than regular gas though. It's like $15 pounds. You're sitting on it. Come on. Fire is right up, bud. I'm on the seatbelt on for this one since we might actually get it to... Maybe you won't push your seatbelt up for this one. Okay, well, I tried. Bro, it drives like a normal car. Dude! Oh my god! Dude, this works! Oh, it smells terrible. Oh, you can reimagine everything. Oh my god, this car is horrible. I don't even smell it. My eyes are burning. Dude, it rips. This car is very sketchy. Yeah, it is. Oh my god, you don't understand just around that light turn. Was there a fuel? Yeah, it's good. It's got no balls. No balls. Maybe less throttle. Maybe less throttle. It's a stock Miata running on denatured alcohol. I don't know what much more we need. Oh, we're running out. Not a good time to run out. Not a good time to run out. See if we can wind it back. Oh! Dude, this is insane. We're cruising with denatured alcohol as fuel. I keep saying this over and over. Like it's... Something changed, but it's just... Cutscars so bad, dude. It literally understands if you think about taking a turn. Fastness. Oh, we're out. Oh, no, let's go fill up. Let's fill up real quick. Got a refuel. Not a gas. F1 pit stop. Oh, we didn't bring the funnel, did we? Oh, shit. It will be enough. Get us going. And it smells terrible and it burns your eyes. Oh, it smokes. You see you guys know we're not full of it. Oh, I'm just throwing it everywhere. All right. Topped off the fuel. Quick access fuel door. That's a little kid's while we're driving. It burns, it burns. I got it... I drove into my finger when we were making the fuel tank set up. And that just burned. All right, on the road again. That was flat out. I mean, that's about as fast as the mion. It is flat out. It drives like a normal car. Like there's not even like a hiccup or a hesitation. All right, throw out all full throttle. Oh my god, there's a cat. I missed him. Thank god. Oh, but that was good. The 100 steer is atrocious. Wow. I don't think a D-natured alcohol would have been my pick for best running and driving. Actually, let me back to the sleeping. So you guys know there's no top four. What are your thoughts, Keegan? I can't believe how well it's running. Dude, it's no hiccups, no hesitation, it's nothing. Nothing. It runs, you wouldn't know anything. You want to drive it? I want to rip some donuts in it. So we can do some donuts because we didn't get to do donuts last time on the D-natured alcohol. Get what's left out of these two cans that we poke toles in because he just says it's Photoshopped. All right, D-natured alcohol donuts. Get it in the rips. Someone else has got to do it. We got a whole another tank of D-natured. Yeah, it burns real fast. Whole another tank of D-natured. Let me turn my pants off. Dude, it ripped. It was like Bob. It was like nitrous. It hit. That's crazy. That was better than I expected. That was better than I expected. That's excellent. You remember the startup sequence? Yeah. Yo, Bob. Yeah, we did it. We did it. Yeah. Let's catch the fish. Oh, yeah. Sorry, duh. Derb, derb. Yeah! Oh, I almost had a feel again. Oh, no! Do it! That was that, Kagan. Doesn't it feel a little more powerful? It feels good. Yeah. I'm not sure if it feels more powerful or the tires are just completely dissapeared. That's probably it. It might just be the tires. Yeah, because it was like dancing on a limiter. It feels good either way though. Isn't that crazy? Yeah. It's D-nature alcohol. We'll have to put this clip in the D-nature alcohol video. Kagan, do you have a scientific thought? We don't really know what you're in. I wonder if I've wonder if the water content and the other one was messing with it. Yeah. And now there's no water content or low water content. I'd have to do some research to get this. Alright, we're gonna swap back to the stock injectors because it runs so well on D-nature alcohol. And we didn't have to do anything that we want to do something. So maybe it'll at least prove something if it runs on the stock ones and we know that? I don't know. It doesn't really prove anything. Well, see if it's the injectors that are helping it run so well or if it's just close enough to regular fuel that'll just work. Right, yeah. No matter what. Alright, these stock injectors are back in. These are our 440cc injectors, RX-7 injectors. So, out, hot. So yeah, out, out, out, out. These worked really well. They definitely saved us with the green out or the moon shine. They definitely put a difference between it not running and running with the moon shine. See how she does. Way worse. Yeah, we read that. Oh yeah, it's way lean. Stoicure metric is about three, I think it's like 3.1 volts. Okay. And this is way, that's peg lean. Right. This is lean as it can go. Okay, so the injectors did make a difference between what the D-Natured alcohol. Interesting. Yeah, good to know. Good to know. So we did need more fuel with both that we've done so far. So with the moon shine and the D-Natured alcohol, both times we've needed to up the fuel. And why is that just, is it like ethanol because it's alcohol? Yeah, same kind of thing. It just needs more for this thing. More for the same. Okay, okay. To get the right combustion. Okay, so that's why. All right, well, that's pretty much it for the D-Natured alcohol. I know it was short, sweet, and to the point. But the next one we have to do should be pretty interesting. And we're going to try to go do some drifting and stuff. If anything, we'll throw the D-Natured alcohol back in it to do some drifting. The next one should be rowdy, but we're running out of time tonight. Let me know what you guys think of these videos. Thank you for watching and subscribing. Stay by Keegan. The guy in the tank did a thing. It worked. It wasn't a donut. It was one of those... I'm curious. No, one of those under pretzels. Probably. I don't know.