 Watch how easy it is to set up one of Sephir's largest commercial fountains and have it running in less than 25 minutes. Sephir fountains do not require any preheating nor do they require that you use a microwave, double boiler, chocolate warmer or melted to preheat the chocolate. Simply open a bag of Sephir chocolate, pour the solid chocolate chips into the basin, and forget about investing in anything else. First, switch the heating element on. Turn the heat control knob all the way up to 10 to melt Sephir's premium dark chocolate. Place the center cylinder into the hollow ground sleeve. If you wait to assemble the cylinder, melted chocolate will cover the sleeve and it will take longer to install it correctly. Find a quick tear tab on a bag of Sephir chocolate. Tear the bag open and pour the two pounds of solid chocolate chips into the bowl. Using a spatula stir the chips every 2 to 3 minutes to ensure an even heat is applied to the chocolate chips. The first bag of chocolate will take the longest to melt. After the first bag of chocolate is melted, pour another bag into the basin. Between the chocolate that is already melted and the heat produced from Sephir's largest floating heating element, the second bag will melt even faster than the first. And each bag thereafter will take considerably less time to melt than the previous. Throughout the entire melting process, continue to stir the chocolate every 2 to 3 minutes or less. Sephir's Belgian and premium chocolates contain a minimum of 39% cocoa butter which enables the chocolate to melt around 92 degrees and cascade perfectly over each tear. The chocolate you will find in your grocery store typically contains around 28% cocoa butter, which will not work in a chocolate fountain. Once you have melted, at least the minimum amount of chocolate your fountain requires. Add the auger and stabilizer and slide the self leveling tears and crown onto the cylinder. Switch the fountain from pre-heat to the start position and your fountain will flow perfectly. If your chocolate begins to run low, pour more chips around the perimeter of the bowl or, if you'd like to impress your guests, slowly pour a cup or two at a time over the top of the crown and watch the chips melt as they cascade down the tears. After 3 to 5 cycles, the chips should be completely melted. Only a Sephir commercial grade chocolate fountain will enable you to stay with your fountain for the duration of your event. Competitors' fountains will require that you leave your fountain unattended to find a way to melt additional chocolate. This will never be the case with your Sephir chocolate fountain. Sephir as the world's leading manufacturer of chocolate fountains and the most trusted name in the industry. Fastest to set up. Fastest to melt chocolate. Only sanitation certified, only electrically certified. Only ROHS best warranty. Set yourself up for success with a Sephir chocolate fountain.