 Hi, I'm Priyanka and I run a social enterprise called IKETI. KETI literally translates into farming whereas I stands for innovation. Exactly, I help people set up their own herb garden and kitchen garden so whether it's on the rooftop, terraces or even on your windowsill. I'm going to teach you how to grow your own fresh oregano. Over here we have the oregano sapling which we are going to learn how to transplant into a pot today. This is a 6 inch pot that we have taken. Usually, a drum 6 inches to 8 inches that's an app size to grow your own oregano. As you can see, they'll have holes at the bottom. So the first step that we need to do is collect few pebbles and place them over the holes. The reason we do that is because the water shouldn't drain out. The most important thing, the nutrients of the soil shouldn't drain out. Over here we have the potting soil already ready which is a mixture of cocoa peat, compost and mud, all mixing equal proportion. We fill up the pot with the potting soil. Cocoa peat is used because it helps to retain water and control the temperature inside whereas compost is used because the soil requires its nutrient values. It should be almost full, just leave about 1 to 2 inches from the top. Here we have the oregano sapling. It's a European herb. Before we put this plant into the soil, we make a small hole inside the soil. Take your four fingers and slowly dig up hole. So that's where our plant goes. We remove our plant from the pot and place it inside the hole we have made. If you are unable to get the sapling from the market, you can start growing oregano from seeds as well. You just have to place them six inches apart and you will have your first shoot within six weeks. Once it's placed inside the hole, we take bit more of the soil and slowly spread it around the plant. Once this is done, take your two fingers and press it gently. This just ensures that the plant stays firm. Once you have transplanted the sapling, we need to water the sapling. Oregano does not enjoy too much of water. If you over water it, its roots tend to rot and it enjoys a lot of sunlight. It's a perennial, hardy herb so you won't have issues as such to grow it. It's very easy to propagate oregano from the existing plant as well. As you see, if your plant has already grown about three to four inches long, all you have to do is take a small part of it which has roots and gently cut it. And you can transplant this the same way as we have potted this sapling. So you now have more oregano from the same existing plant. Oregano can be used in a lot of dishes, right from Italian to even your Indian dishes Mexican or any tomato based dishes. It has a lot of antibacterial properties and it also helps to relieve colds and cough. If you have a swelling as well, all you can do is you can crush these leaves and use it for hot fermentation. It helps to reduce the swelling. Stay green and stay healthy.