 Hey guys it's Flip and today I'm going to show you how to repaint an ugly old dresser. So this is an old dresser that somebody decided to paint in an ombre style and then change their mind halfway through it. So today I'm going to paint it white and I'm going to show you how to do it. So the first thing you're going to do is use a screwdriver and take off all your knobs. The next thing you want to do is sand your dresser. You can do this by hand but I strongly recommend using a random orbital sander. For this job I'm using a Chicago Electric Sander. I use this coupon to get the sander at Harbor Freight for just $20. The first time around I'm using a 60 grit core sanding disc to strip the dust down. A little tip for using the sander always use a nice even pressure and always keep the sander level with the surface so you don't cut into your wood. Then you want to sand your drawers. If you have wooden knobs and you want to paint those as well you want to sand those too but do it by hand. Then go back and sand the whole dresser again. This time use a 150 grit fine sanding disc. This will smooth the dust out. Do the same thing with the drawers. Then wipe off your dresser and drawers with a wet towel to get rid of all the loose sold us. Now you're ready to prime. To prime and paint the dresser set it on a couple two by fours. This will allow you to paint the bottom edges of the dresser a lot easier. For primer I'm using Kills Latex primer and I put two full coats on. Do the same thing with the drawers. After two coats of primer use a hand sanding tool like this one from 3M to lightly sand the entire dresser. This will smooth out any uneven spots of primer. Now it's time to paint. I use a small roller and bare high gloss white paint to put two full coats on the dresser. Now this dresser had wooden knobs which could easily be spray painted but I decided to mix it up and get some different knobs. I shopped around at a couple home improvement stores but ultimately found a way better deal online when I bought these clear glass crystal knobs off Amazon. I'll put a link under the video where you can purchase these knobs if you like them. Here's the final product. I was really happy with how it came out. Thanks for watching.