 Hi, my name is Jesse McDonough and I'm here at Spokesman Cycles in New York City right by Union Square. I'm a bicycle tour guide in New York and formerly a bike messenger and I'm here to tell you a bit about the bike. Let's talk about brake adjustments. There's a number of different reasons why your brakes could need to be adjusted. The brakes themselves could be rubbing on the rim. They might not be tight enough but we'll start with just tightening the brakes themselves. So first you see this brake, it's in pretty good shape. You really want two finger lengths between the handlebar and the brake when you squeeze. So here you got plenty of room but on this side the brake itself goes almost all the way to the handlebar way more than two finger lengths. So here clearly it's not tight enough. We're going to try to start with a minor tightening with the barrel adjusters. So here the barrel adjusters just twist and as you pull them out of the brake handle itself this will tighten the brake. In this case it's probably tightening it a bit more but not necessarily enough. You still have less than two finger lengths. So now that opening the barrel adjusters did not tighten your brakes enough what we're going to have to do is open up the V brake so that you can tighten your brake cable here. So you're going to take an Allen wrench and all you got to do is unscrew this just a bit. So you pull the brake cable tight here so that the brake pads are resting along the rims. So you can hear them rubbing along the rims here. At that point you want to tighten the cable to exactly where it should be. And if you notice I left the barrel adjuster open. So that way now the rim is just barely rubbing along the brake pads but as you tighten the barrel adjuster because the brake cable is already tight again it should open up just perfectly so that your brakes are the exact tension you want them but at the same time aren't going to be rubbing on the wheel. So we tighten the barrel adjuster here and see how that worked. Perfect. I can now complete on the VLS trunk, a f care Plus weight idol throw up a Spirit It changes byarsi but then the impact is still coming off.