 Welcome to Dr.'s Kitchen. Today, we're going to make up a craft salad. This is imitation crab. It's super easy. So what we're going to do is the crab meat, how many pounds you want, how much you want. And it usually comes in chunks like this. So what we're going to do is just cut up the chunks. You know, just break it up with a fork and a knife. It's really hard to do it. And this is quite a bit of crab because I'm going to take it to my daughter that has eight kids. They look cramps out, but it's hot. So this is quite a bit. And this is going to be enough for 10 people. So it depends on how much you make it. How many people you're making it for is how much you get. Okay. So what we're going to do, we got it all cut up. This is excellent for when it's hot, with crackers or chips or Cheetos. Okay. Next thing we're going to do is we're going to add salt and pepper. So it's a lot of crab meat. So I'm going to put about a tablespoon of pepper and about a teaspoon and a half of salt. This is kosher salt. And I'm going to put about a third of a cup of mayonnaise, mayo. And we're going to stir it in that real good, working in real good. It's a super easy. Okay. Now we have this is celery. About a couple celery, because this is a lot of crab meat. Just work it up real good. And then this is red onions. About a couple of red onions. And this is a bell pepper. This is about a half, half a couple of bell pepper. See the kids are getting vegetables. And right here this is about a cup and a half. This is our secret ingredient. This is cucumbers. And what I did, I slashed the cucumbers in half and took off the seeds. And then cut them up small like so. And work that in. It's going to give it a nice flavor. The cucumbers are. So you see all your good vegetables there. You see how it looks? See how good it looks? Very, very good. And the kids are going to eat it because they love the crab. So there you have it. You could have rich crackers, plain crackers, any kind of chips, the redo chips, any kind of chips. But there you have. You have your crab salad. And that's what it looks like. And you can serve it on lettuce if you want to. You can make lettuce and make a lettuce bowl and serve it on a lettuce. This is what it looks like. And it's ready to serve. You put it, make sure after you, after you prepare it, put it in the fridge and put a sririn wrap over it and put it in the refrigerator. Refrigerate it. So it can stay nice and fresh. But there you have it. So it's ready to serve. So it's ready to serve. So it's ready to serve. So it's ready to serve. So it's ready to serve. So it's ready to serve. So it's ready to serve. So it's ready to serve. So it's ready to serve. So it's ready to serve.