 Hello ladies and gentlemen this is Brian Twith, SFOT source and SFFT source, your premiere unofficial guides to both six flags over Texas and six flags Fiesta Texas. We're actually here with another info vlog and this time we're actually going to talk about all of the different membership tiers that six flags now offers. So this is going to be a three-part video. Part one we're going to kind of compare the membership side by side. Part two I'm going to go through the pricing for both six flags over Texas and six flags Fiesta Texas because the prices do differ from part to part and then the third part of this video we're actually going to hop on the computer. Alright so six flags has introduced four new membership tiers and they are as follows. Gold plus which you guys probably already knew from the last info vlog we did. We also have Platinum. We have Diamond and we have Diamond Elite. All four memberships have great benefits however of course the higher you go the better the benefits get. So let's look at the Gold Plus membership first. This membership is going to give you unlimited visits and free parking to all of the six flags parks and all of the outdoor water parks. You will have access to the priority member entry line. Keep in mind you don't have to use this line but you do have access to it if it does happen to be shorter than the other lines. You're going to save 20% off of dining passes, photo passes and merchandise all around the park. You'll also save 10% on VIP tours, cabanas and tubes. The last two kind of pertain to water park situations so if you're going to Hurricane Harbor and Arlington and of course if you're going to Whitewater Bay which is attached to Fiesta Texas. You'll save 5% on food and beverage at every park. Keep in mind this is only good at park-owned restaurants so I believe the only thing that you cannot use that at at both Fiesta Texas and over Texas is Panda Express. Everything else you get that discount. You'll save $5 on Flash Pass. You'll get a 25% discount on souvenir refill bottles and there's tons of other various upgrades that I don't want to get into. These are just the main ones. So next up I'm going to look at the key benefits of a platinum membership. Now keep in mind with a platinum membership everything I just explained is going to be included. Plus you're going to get these other options as well. You'll get a special membership souvenir bottle that gives you unlimited refills each visit. With platinum you're going to get 25% off merchandise dining passes and picture passes. You'll get a 15% discount off of VIP tours, cabanas and tube rentals. You're going to get a 15% discount on food and beverage park-wide at the park-owned restaurants of course. You'll save $5 on Flash Pass. You'll also get a one-time skip-the-line ticket with your membership and you'll also get a one-time preferred parking upgrade that's included. Now we're going to look at the benefits of getting a diamond membership. So I just told you about Gold Plus and platinum. Everything in that is going to be included in diamond plus these other great things. You'll get diamond preferred parking each time you visit a Six Flags Park. You're going to get to skip the line for one attraction each visit. You'll get 35% off dining passes, photo passes, merchandise but also food and beverage around the park. So that's a huge jump from platinum. You'll get 20% off of VIP tours, cabana rentals and tube rentals. You'll save $10 on your Flash Pass and you will also have access to premium diamond seating at each park's live shows. Now we're going to look at the benefits of a diamond elite membership. Now keep in mind this is the top membership so these are going to be the best benefits that you can have with one of these memberships. Everything that I've mentioned before with Gold Plus, platinum and diamond that's all going to be included and then you're going to get these additional benefits as well. You will get diamond elite priority preferred parking each visit. Say that five times fast. You will get to skip the line of two attractions each time you visit a six-flag park. 50% off of food, beverage, merchandise, dining passes and photo passes. That's kind of crazy. You're going to get 25% off of VIP tours. You will get 30% off cabana rentals and tube rentals. You will save $15 on your Flash Pass purchases. You'll also have access to the water park diamond area. Now sure what that is. We'll probably find out once the water parks actually open and you get premium diamond elite seating at all of the live shows at the parks. So as you can see that's a lot of stuff to try to compare. There is a link down below to compare all of the guides. It's kind of like a table. I've put one in for six flags over Texas and Fiesta Texas just because the pricing varies and I don't want you guys to get confused depending on where you're actually purchasing your membership if you're thinking about purchasing one. All right you all the next part of this video is going to look at the membership tier pricing. Four six flags over Texas and Fiesta Texas. I feel like this is very important because the pricing does vary from park to park by just a little bit. Now with the prices that I'm telling you these are the monthly price. If you put down the $20 refundable security deposit when you make the initial purchase. It's also important to note that these are the prices for buying one to three membership passes. If you buy four or more you actually do save a little bit but I feel like the most common purchase is going to be one to three of these. So for Gold Plus it's $8.35 a month and I'm also going to give you guys the prices for adding a dining pass. I feel like that's probably the most common thing that's going to get added to these. So when you actually add a dining pass and look at the discounts from membership to membership the pricing actually gets really interesting and gets a lot closer than it really seems. So with Gold Plus when you add a dining pass it comes out to $17.34 since a month. That's a pretty big climb for adding a dining pass. Platinum the rate for that is $10.35 a month. If you add a dining pass to that it is $16.90 set some month which actually makes it cheaper than a Gold Plus membership. Now keep in mind that is the pricing for the premium dining pass on the Gold Plus. Gold Plus does not come with a free refills souvenir bottle so we automatically quoted the premium dining pass because I feel like if you're getting a dining pass you're gonna want those free refills because if you don't you'll have to pay for a drink each time you eat. So with Diamond the base price is $13.35 a month. If you add the dining pass it comes out to $19.00 a month. That's only $2.10 more a month than platinum and you get way more benefits with that. Now with Diamond Elite which is the top tier it is $19.35 since a month for just the base Diamond Elite membership. If you wanted to add a dining pass to that it comes out to $23.70 so with your 50% discount on dining passes you're actually not spending very much a month on dining passes and it's kind of ends up being pretty nice. Now we're going to look at the pricing of these memberships for six flags Fiesta Texas. If Fiesta Texas is your home park you're actually going to end up saving a little bit of money in the long run not really a lot but just a little bit. For Gold Plus the base price a month is $7.85. If you add a premium dining pass to that Gold Plus membership it comes out to $16.84 a month. The base price for a platinum membership a month is $9.85. If you add dining to that it comes out to $16.40 a month. The base price for a Diamond membership is $12.85 a month with a dining pass that comes out to $18.50 a month and the top tier Diamond Elite starts out at $18.85 a month. If you add that dining pass it's only $23.20 a month. I know this is a lot to take in. If you guys have any questions about the pricing or the membership options please ask in the comments below ask on our main websites or ask us on our social media accounts. All right y'all now we're going to cut over to a computer and I'm going to show you guys how to do a switch from a season pass to a membership as well as upgrading previous memberships you can actually get a credit for the amount that you purchased your season pass for. You just have to have a little bit of information I'll show you that right now. All right now that we're on the computer I'm going to show you guys how to either switch from a season pass to a membership to get your credit or upgrade a pre-existing membership. So you're going to want to log into your membership slash season pass portal they're kind of the same thing. So here I am already logged in and what I'm going to do is I'm going to hit this upgrade button here on the left. Now we're going to say that I'm wanting to convert the season pass but as you guys can see this all kind of comes from the same screen. So if you want to upgrade membership pick this if you want to convert season pass pick this it's kind of the same thing the only difference is on the membership side it's going to confirm want you to confirm to cancel. So I'm going to show you guys how to convert a season pass since that is kind of the brand new thing that's happened this week. I have a season dining pass so I'm going to select that will it continue. It's basically telling you that we can transfer that dining pass over don't buy a new one you don't need to do that. Here are a few basic steps they want you to read all of this information hit continue and it's going to ask you to verify that you understand so you want to check all the boxes continue and here it's going to ask us to purchase one so let's say you want to do diamond delete click here it's going to bring up the portal to purchase once you're done with all of this you go through all of these steps this is very self explanatory it's going to email you a membership number a brand new membership number and you're done with this close out and you'll go back to this screen once you have purchased you hit this button purchase then continue and this is where things are important. So it's going to want to know about you pass this is your season pass that you've already had you'll type in the number on the card right here type in your last name type in the date that you purchased that you're going to need to know that so hopefully you have that information hit add then that new membership that you just bought you have to put that account number here your email and then any comments you submit your request they take it from there upgrading to a membership is a lot of the same thing minus this step so it's just going to ask you basically to confirm you new your new purchase when you do a membership so that they can cancel the old one we hope this video has helped you guys out a little bit on understanding the membership process I know it's been a super confusing situation it hasn't been presented very well and it's been a little bit on organized there's a huge learning curve for the parks as well as the corporate team so things are starting to really come together we're really hoping that within the following months this whole membership process is much smoother much more straightforward but for now like I said before if you have any questions for us ask in the comments below we're super appreciative to all of our new subscribers and of course all of our subscribers have been with us for a while it means a lot to us we continue to hope to grow and build this channel so if you liked the video please subscribe and you will be opened up to a lot more six flags over Texas and six flags via statex's information we've also recently integrated our Facebook accounts for sfot and sfft source together and we've also done the same with the Instagram account so go check those if you haven't yet and just make sure everything is transferred over for you we're actually going to do everything on one page because a lot of you guys are already crossed over between the two sfot source and sfft source and it just makes a lot more sense to combine it together we're gonna kind of look at this as a source for the six flags parks in Texas we're really glad you guys joined us I'm actually gonna be heading out to six flags over Texas really soon I purchased a diamond elite membership I'll walk you guys through how that goes I'll also show you some of the benefits that you can get every day when you go to a park in the next video thanks for watching guys we'll see you soon