 Good morning. It's July 5th. I woke up this morning and some was shining and thought to myself it would be a great day to replicate my grandmother's version of Sunti. Come on my balcony here, West New York, the sun's shining bright and I'm telling you she puts two ingredients in here. I'm going to save them for the end of the video. When you taste this Sunti you're going to comment below and say that this is the best Sunti you've ever tasted. Okay, so let's get started. What I have here is nine lipden tea bags. We have a two gallon jar of filtered cold water and I have it the mom and her here. It's only been out here for a couple of seconds and it already says 86 degrees. When I came out here earlier it was 79 degrees so things are going to heat up quick. Take the tea bags, put the tea bags right into the water, give them a little push down and cover it and in three hours we'll come back and we'll see what we have going on. All right it's been about a half hour. Let's go check the progress out here on my balcony. See what we got going on. The New York City behind us it's about two miles away. I got the cheap seats though so we're not up close in personal but the tea is it looks amazing right now. This is only a half hour. So we have a half hour on the clock and you can already see it's got that nice golden color and that the mom and her reads 108 degrees in the sun. I can tell you that it's nowhere near 108 degrees here. It's probably closer about 75-80 degrees so we'll check on it in three hours when it's done. All right we're back it's about three and a half hours later. Tea's been out on the porch and the sunlight is one to the touch and the temperature reads 109 degrees so it's been growing out here in this temperature for a while. We're going to bring this back inside get those two ingredients that I told you about that we're going to add and while here we'll just grab some mint to garnish it and we're ready to go. All right we're back inside the tea is ready we're going to take the top off, take those nine tea bags that we put in earlier, put them off to the side. We're going to add our ingredients now we have one cup of sugar. We have 12 ounce for cans of frozen lemonade. Any brand will do. These come frozen obviously I thought them out in the refrigerator. One 12 ounce can of frozen orange juice with pulp. All right in and that is to the top. Okay, wooden spoon. Give it a little star. This is going to be delicious. Okay, just cover it up. Glass with ice. I'll shore it and garnish it with a little mint. Test. That is absolutely delicious. This is everything. Sun tea should taste like. Try this like the video, comment on the bottom after you make it tell me what you think. Thank you very much for watching.