 Hey guys, all over to my channel. So today I decided to teach you guys how to do a bull tie. So we guys are interested in washing this video's lady. Hey guys, so as I said earlier on I'm going to be teaching you guys how to make a bull tie. So the first thing you need is some scraps of fabric, any fabric if you land around your house you want to pack is with it. It's fine, you need an iron, you need a scissor and hot glue gun. So first of all, I already cut my fabric in a square slash rectangular shape and what I do to make sure that all the evening is I go ahead and fold it like this and I go ahead and iron it. And then I fold it like this again like like so. So remember you fold it like that and then you fold it like so. And then what I go ahead and do is I iron it again. So by this time I see if there's like any excess things like you know any excess you know to make sure like it's straight then I go ahead to just cut around it. This is just to secure that all the sides of the fabric is kind of like you know even. So once I cut it I open it and voila it's kind of like a really kind of perfect, not perfect but you know it's kind of is better than it was before. And I go ahead and just iron it in place so I have my shape for my bull tie. And if you guys want me to go ahead and take measurements you're really strict with measuring. I've been doing this for so long so I don't really need measurements but I'll take it so you guys can kind of see. So if you have a sewing machine you can measure so it's 10 inches this way, 10 inches and 8. So it's a 10 by 8 piece of fabric. And this is it again so then I go ahead and I folded this way. And it does not necessarily if you can get it even perfect if you cannot that's okay. So I go ahead and do that and then I take the other flap and I flip it over so then it looks like this. And then again there are like several ways people do bull ties and stuff like that but I'm trying to teach you guys a step by step tutorial so you guys for the understanding how to do this. And so this is what you have and with the side of the flap you go ahead and fold it like this, you fold it again. So you fold it again and then you fold this side to again the other side. So now you have a little square looking type of figure and you're wondering can this make a bull tie? Yes. Give me one second. So now that we have this part we're going to set it aside and we're going to move to the strap part. So with the strap part you just cut a piece of thin fabric out of your fabric and you kind of measure your neck to see if it's going to fit or not and if it fits fine, if it doesn't fit just you know cut another piece to it. And just to make it neat you just fold it and you fold it again so it's kind of like this you know. So it's just not the whole strap you're wrapping around your neck. So you just fold it just to make it like you know give it like a clean finish. Once you're done it's going to look like this. We show you guys so this is the flap where the flap is and then this is the back of it. It's all straight and nice and neat. So then you cut a little piece of fabric for it. This is a this fabric this piece all depends on this piece is going to go in between. So you're going to fold it again and iron it. And you have to make sure you cut it a little bit longer because you don't want to cut it short and then it isn't like you know wrap all around your fabric. So I always recommend is always good to either cut it really longer than when you wrap it around your bow tie if it's too long because I was going to cut it short then it being the opposite way because you don't want to give yourself a lot of work in the process. So what I did is I went ahead to fold it so it was all folded up and nice to go in the middle of my bow tie. So then this is what I have so far I have my pieces I have my bow tie in itself the piece that goes in the center and the piece that goes around the neck. So what I'm going to do is this is where my glue gun is going to come in place. I'm going to get my glue gun and where the flap is where the flap is I'm just going to go ahead and just glue it. You want to glue it on the inside so the glue goes on the inside and then you just go ahead and press it down. So you go ahead and just press it down and you wait for it to dry a little bit and then you take your iron to iron it and then you might wonder okay what if the glue gets on the iron this is why you do it on the inside of it not the outside. So once you press it it makes it lay flat. So as you can see it's just when you decide to kind of open the bow tie it's still open. You're not gluing the whole thing you're just gluing where the flap is. So then this is the crucial part of the whole situation. So this is it how it looks like and this is your thing. So what you're going to do is you're going to place your strap because your strap has to go inside. So the part that you glue you're going to place your strap here and as you can see your strap is right here and then you just go ahead and scrunch it all up. So you just scrunch a scrap together and everything as you can see and then you take your centerpiece. So what you do with the centerpiece is you just wrap the centerpiece around you just wrap it around the center of your bow tie and then you wrap it around really tight because you don't want it to get all loose on you. So once you wrap it around to the end wherever it stops you just glue that part and you make sure it stops where there's no strap in the back in the front. So I hope it makes sense. So this is what you have so far and voila you have a bow tie. So usually oftentimes if I do make this for my clients and things I put Velcro on the back of it and usually I sew the Velcro but if you guys want Walmart has a Velcro you can just glue on it but that's never secure because the glue can always come off. So that's just what I do and if you want you can glue the flaps of it to make sure it doesn't come out or something like that. But usually as this is people could just tie it. So this is the bow tie. You can tie it or if you want it to use it as a hair bow you can do that. So I hope this tutorial was really helpful. Hopefully it takes about 5-7 minutes for me to make a bow tie but I wanted to take my time and kind of go step by step video slash the tour for you guys. So if you guys have any questions or anything you need me to clarify feel free to leave your comments down below. But this is your completed bow tie with straps. As I said before if you want to so you can always like move the straps. So if you wanted to put Velcro you can always put the Velcro and yeah so thanks for watching guys feel free to leave your comments and questions down below to forget to subscribe. And if you guys have anything else that you want me to record for you guys let me know. So thank you.