 Welcome to the day show. Today I'm going to tell you the best chilli out there. Hands down the best one for you. Good morning everyone. Come into the poly channel. Today we are doing a chilli special. So I'm going to tell you in my mind which is the best chilli hands down. Yeah you can grow really hot you know what I mean the kind of coarse chillies and I've done it all before but versus how you'll easy to grow. That's what we want easy to grow and you know when Jamie all of us is you want a bit of like a warmth a bit of death into your cooking. This chilli is the one. Let me turn this around because I've got them dry in there. That's the one. Hungarian hot wax. Look at them man. It's just fantastic. We've been drying them now for about a month I think. Is it? It's all right that. So I'm going to pick some of them and we're going to go and it's going to be a chilli giveaway. But like I say this chilli is the all round for me the best one the easiest to grow it makes a lovely deep fruit there which is just fantastic. Look at that colour of that man and like it's got some you know doing it is wrong it's got some heat but it's not you know for when you want to just like an everyday drive our food you know me like our chilli you don't want red hot to spoil your meals or you go so careful how much you put in this is fantastic with seeds or without you know we like I mentioned before slice them down a middle take the seeds out and then griddle them on like a hot skillet and it's just this smokey burn flare us just gorgeous with that just depth of heat lovely added everything do you know what I mean so let's go home and we'll slice them up and we'll get some seeds out of these ones so we need the chum ball here we have actually that we have we need some chillies there you go the ones I got from the garden we need a knife yeah it's good knife and most importantly we need yeah some rubber gloves by God right sure like I see it with these are for me I think the key word is versatile that's what it is during look at that man they are just when you when we cook them like see we cook them just for the skins and it's almost like a flesh you know it's so nice but let's get in and I've got some little envelope so what I'm going to do is a little give a weird 20 packets of seeds so I'll tell you me email dress at the back end of this little you know it'll not take long and first 20 get some of these Hungarian hot wax chilli seeds so get these get these bad boys on oh yes I always forget good nothing dear hey right get these darts of clean I'm steaming up taking up it's like an obligation right just slice that down there oh it's almost it's oh look at that man it's almost sexual can you see that we're all in seeds look at that keep a few seeds on till I head off and just on like a skillet pan just that a little bit of scoring just it you know it's the gymmy all of our method there oh fantastic so we'll keep them like I see it I'll get 20 packets of seeds I'll dry them out and then you can just get you know this just really need one packet there let me call you last one oh oh just that in the your time nobody's losing The best chilli in the world. The trees will blow my eyes will melt. We'll always remember how to bear. There you go. All done and dusted. What I'm going to do now is dry that butter. Not butter will keep me going as well. I'll dry them out. I'll pop them in the little envelopes. The first 20 to email this address will send them in the post. It can be anywhere in the world. It doesn't matter how you post it, it's next to an old tour. If you're a American, come to Australia, wherever, Philippines, anywhere. Drop us an email and that email address. And you'll get some them in the post. There you go. Right then. Look after yourselves. Actually, no, I'll get a little tidied up. Look after yourselves. Do subscribe and I'll catch you next time. Take care. Bye.