 Hi, I'm Miranda Valentine, editor of the Lifestyle blog, Everything Sounds Better in French. And today I'm going to show you how to make honey glazed carrots. I have our ingredients laid out here. We're going to start with a pound, also four cups of clean, shredded and sliced and bite-sized pieces, bits of carrot. We have a quarter of a cup of fresh parsley, which has been chopped. Salt and pepper here, which we're just going to do with pinch of, both nice and fresh. Two tablespoons of honey, two tablespoons of butter, and one tablespoon of fresh lemon juice. Now over here, in this pot, I have some water boiling because I'm going to start by cooking my carrots. So this is all boiling ready to go. And let's just dump our carrots in. And we're going to let those cook now for about five to six minutes until they're tender. And then we're going to drain them and keep on going with their recipe. Okay, so it's been five minutes. My carrots cooked nice and tender. I drained them and put them back in their pan. So now what we're going to do is add in our other ingredients and cook them together. So they glaze up. It will be absolutely delicious. So let's start with our lemon juice. Now I haven't turned the heat back on yet. I just want to add in our ingredients before I do that. Then the honey. And use this spatula if you need assistance with that. Okay, beautiful. And we're going to save the salt, pepper, and parsley for just a moment. Okay. So let's turn our heat back on. And we're going to let this melt and cook together. And we are going to let it cook for about five minutes until it smells so delicious. Until the carrots are nice and coated and some of this liquid has reduced a bit. We just want them to have a nice blaze on them. So just give it a little stir, let everything kind of mix together. And you're going to let this cook. Just like low medium, medium low because you want it to be able to reduce for about five more minutes until it's nice and glaze. So we'll come back then and check in on our carrots. Okay, so it's been about another five minutes. And as you can see, that liquid has reduced down. There's just a tiny bit left. They're all nice and glaze. We're going to turn off the heat and just know that there's like a tiny bit, obviously, as you can see, like liquid left. But as soon as it cools off, that's going to thicken. So that's good. We want a little glaze here. And now we're going to add in our pinch of salt and pepper, keeping it in the pan. I'm going to do another toss. Look at that beautiful glaze at the bottom. Gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous. I'm going to transfer it to my bowl now. You'll see that lovely, glazy goodness. It smells so good. Warm honey. It's just a delicious, delicious snack. Okay. Fantastic. Now. Let's grab our parsley and do a nice, pretty garnish and toss. Beautiful, beautiful. The colors are great. That was really easy to do, right? So delicious. Smells so good. I'm sure it will be an absolute crowd, please, Eric. That's how you make honey glazed carrots. Thanks for watching. Make sure to subscribe. And if there's something that you want to learn how to make, send me an email. At Request at Mahalo.com. And don't forget to check out our other great videos.