 Hey, it's Kat, we were from factory direct winded treatments. Again, this is part two of making a Roman shade. Now I'm showing you that the shade is made and now I have it hanging. And this is something you'll want to do after you make your shade. The first thing you'll do after you mount your shade is you're going to want to check it from the top of your board all the way down and make sure the length is correct and make any necessary adjustments that you have to make. And after you do that, this is a roll-lease by the way, but it wouldn't matter if you're using a roll-lease or if you're using a standard clutch. The next thing you want to do is slowly bring your shade up. So as I'm checking my first folds and kind of creasing them, as I bring it up, you don't want to just bring it all the way up just like, you know, real quick. You want to bring it up slowly and you want to work from the back side of it. You want to work these folds right in. Make sure that they're lining up good. Keep bringing it up. You can see what's happening here. It's bunching up. That's why you want to take your time, bring up one section at a time, one roll rings at a time, bring it up, fixing your shade, and taking your hand behind here and just kind of creasing it. Keep going back up again because right now what we have to do is we have to create a memory on the shade. So there's the next one. Keep going up. Fixing it as I go. Now I've got it all the way up to the up position. It's important to do it from the back side because you want to see what's going on around the backside of it. That's going to be your key. You don't want to do this looking at the front of it. The front of it's not telling you anything. If your back is good, once you get it to the upward position, now you want to take it back down. Now you can flip it around to the front. Now you have all your folds where they should be. You're going to put it right down onto your table flat on your table. Let's see if I can adjust this here so you can see it. Now what you want to do now is you're going to want to press in each one of these folds. Starting with the bottom fold, you're going to get a nice hot iron. Now when I say hot, it depends on your material. You don't want to be too hot. This is a good cotton fabric so I'm not worrying about overpressing it. So you're going to take it. That's your first one. Sorry you're looking at the iron here. Let me move it over a little bit. Now you're going to take your second one. The second one's not going to be around the top of the first one. It's going to be a little space of like an 8-inch or so because your rings are behind there. You want to give it a good press. Now talking about the finished length of the shade, you're going to want to allow an extra quarter inch to a half inch depending on your shade in length. Just because you're putting these heavy creases in, it does shrink up the size of your shade. You also want to make sure when you're pressing, you're not just pressing this edge right here. You want to be pressing back here because there's two parts that you want to have creased. The front part of the inner back part of the creases is going to help you to add it to the left. When you get to the very top fold, this is the second one from the top. When you get from the very top fold, you don't want to press the very top fold. Especially it's in its down corrected when you have it laying down here. It's not going to work. So anyway, now we've got it all pressed. Now I'm going to hang it back up again this time so I can see it. There's my shade in the upward position. Now we've got this top right here and while it's up, I'm not going to give it a real heavy press. I'm just going to give it a light press right across here. Just like that. Now we'll test our shade. Let's see how well it works. What I like about this is you get these nice crisp folds on it. When it goes up, everything's going up nice and even with it. So there you have it. Some tricks. It's got weird factory drag windage treatments. Thanks for watching.