 Hello there guys, I'm Hannie B with Hannie B Creations and today I want to take a shirt like this that's already got a print on it and tie dye it. Plan to use acrylic paint and also I just want to show you that the reason that I want to do it is because for some reason I don't know if it's the material or the type of cotton or what but something weird happened I think maybe something spilled on it. Anyway it ate away on the fabric maybe I tried to get out of stain I'm not sure but anyway I love this shirt and I cannot wear it like that so I decided I was going to do twirls using acrylic paint and today I want to do a different method because I don't want to go through the process of straining so I'm going to show you a different way to do it for projects like this that you just want to do like a quick tie dye and you don't want the stiff t that you would get from just applying straight acrylic paint. So here we go. One of the things I learned recently was how to get a really cool effect by twisting from the center and I figured this way if I did it this way I could avoid getting paint on my print because I kind of want to preserve that and I want to do black so I want to do black and white. So what I'm going to try to do is like dribbles or something. So also I put some alcohol in a spray bottle that I want to use. It's just regular rubbing alcohol I've got a big bottle of it right here so I might be using this actually I think I'm just going to dump it on so that's this switch you're going to want to do. I'll show you. So because I have this mixed up and I just want to use it up I'm just going to plop some of this down on my palette. And I'm going to put out some pure black. It's good to have a little bit of water. Make sure your water is clean. Brush, brush, clean. Container of water nearby for your brush. I'm going to be using a fan brush. So I'm going to dip my brush in the water and then into my paint so that it's a little bit runny. And then I'm just going to dab this color on like this. I wanted to look like part of the shirt design. Since it has this color right here isn't pure black it's more like a gray. Flip it over. This isn't soaking all the way through yet. So I did my gray. Now I want to flip it back over. I'm going to add black in there. And between or just wherever just dab it on. I might want to wear gloves. I usually forget about that. I'm probably going to have to do this a couple of times only because I'm not sure how it's going to look. So just dab that on now. I'm going to take this and just douse it with alcohol. And what that's going to do is spread it out a little bit. Now the alcohol is absorbing into this shirt. This is just for starters. You want to make sure that you're working in a ventilated area where it's okay to get alcohol all over the place like I do. Like I'm doing right here. Okay, I'm going to go ahead and put my gloves on. And you'll want to do the same for this process especially. I get a bucket here. And now I'm going to open up my shirt. So this is what it looks like. So now what I want to do. See I'm smearing it around. If you don't want that to happen, just pour the alcohol on and squeeze. I want to mess up your design too much. So just like right here where they smudged it. Only the only purpose of doing it this way is to get the acrylic fibers out. So pour it on and squeeze it out. Next step for this is going to be just to let it dry. And then if I want to do it, if I want to go over it again with maybe a different color, if I'm not happy with it, I can do that. Anytime you're working with alcohol, it dries really fast. So I'm going to let this dry and I'll be back to show you the end result. Okay, the shirt is now dry and I just want to kind of show you that it is not stiff. It's very flexible. You can still feel a little stiffness, but that will come out like where the paint spots are. And as far as it concealing the stained areas or the areas problematic areas, there was one here that you can still kind of see, but it's a little bit more camouflage now because of all the paint. And then also the other one, I can still see it is right here. I don't know if you can see that, it's kind of around. But again, it definitely served the purpose to conceal. Now as far as the design, that's going to be up to you what you decide to do. This is just a quick tutorial on how you can use the acrylic paint and douse it with alcohol to create a very easy design in a short period of time. Thanks for watching. This is Hany B. I hope you guys learned something today. If you have any questions or comments, please leave them in the box below. And don't forget to subscribe. Thanks so much.