 Hey, this is Jill from Simple Day recipes and look we're in the house. We're in the kitchen. We're not out in the field. I'm not picking something or pulling something or anything. I'm actually in the house this time. And the reason I watch your kitchen right now is because I'm getting ready to cook up some purple whole peas that my... My friend of mine brought over to me and I had the kids shell him up this morning and I thought I could have put him in the freezer. You know, I've washed him real quick, thrown him up the freezer and later but I'm not tired of eating purple whole peas. They're in season right now and I love them. My husband loves them and so I thought well I'm just going to cook them up. But normally I cook them up or I've always cooked them up on the stove top covered with water. Let them simmer for an hour and then they're ready. But I don't have an hour tonight. I just have a short amount of time to cook. So I'm going to cook them up in my pressure cooker. Ha ha! And I know some of you about there. Y'all told me that you're too scared to use the pressure cooker. So I want y'all to listen. Everybody else at NoSat use pressure cooker. Y'all don't have to watch. For all of you that don't know how to use pressure cooker, you don't own one. You're thinking about own one. I want to show you how easy it is to cook with a pressure cooker. There's nothing to it. And all the years that I have owned this thing and it's been a long time. I could say I've been using a pressure cooker for 15 years. It has never exploded on me. It has never done anything but make great food. Okay, really fast. Instead of spending one hour on the stove at these purple whole peas, it's going to take me four minutes to get these ready. Yeah, you heard me four minutes. So, okay, so let me show you the parts of the pressure cooker. You've got the pot, the, we've got the lid and you have a weight. Okay, this is the weight for this little clover. See, there's the weight. Now the lid is, there's just a couple of parts to the lid that you need to know about. You just need to make sure that the seal is sitting properly inside the lid. You have this little, this is a gasket called an over pressure. Gas, can you see that right there? This is the air vent or the pressure vent, steam vent. And right here, let me see if I get this angle just right here. This is called the air vent and the cover lock. Okay, it goes up and down. It's a little piece here. It goes back and forth. And this is really important because you're going to watch this when you're cooking. Okay, when this is in the up position, that means that pot is full of steam and pressure. Never try to remove this weight while this air vent cover lock is in the up position, never. And because if you did, and I've done this once before and I'll never do it again, if you try to take this off while this was in the up position, all the food in the pot would try to come spewing out, hot, spewing out out of this air vent. And it makes a nasty mess and you can burn yourself with steam. So you have to wait until your air vent or your, they call it the cover lock to drops down. See how you can't see anymore? It drops down. And then you know that there's no more pressure in the pot. You can take the weight off and you can remove the lid from the, from the cooker. Okay, so you just need to know that that's all that's all there is to really be careful about is watching your air vent. And I forgot to tell you one more thing. When you go to buy your pressure cooker, do not throw away your manual. Okay, it might be really tempting. I know for a lot of appliances, we get these manuals along in the box and you think, why will we need it? We toss them away. But on your pressure cooker, I mean, I have a presto don't throw this away because inside the manual are the instructions. I'm how to care for your pan. But more importantly, you have the timetables that you need for cooking meat, cooking seafood, cooking dried beans. I mean, you know, a kidney bean doesn't take as long as a pinto bean and you need to, you can't remember how long each one of them takes. And also when you do fresh vegetable timetables, it'll tell you, you know, how many cups of liquid you're going to need in the pan and how many minutes it will take to cook it. So don't throw this away. It's a, it's a great book. I keep mine right up here above my oven and I, and I used it a lot. Now, when you're cooking fresh vegetables, really what you have to remember is never to fill the pot up more than two thirds full. That's like the standard. I think that works for all pressure cutters. Just never fill it more than two thirds full. So I have just had a little bit of purple whole peas and I'm going to do so in my, in my pot. I've already washed them. And I just have to add one cup of water. And even if I have like twice as much black had peas to our purple whole peas, the same thing just pins on which side of the track you live on. Whichever, you know, even if I had twice as many peas to put in my pot, I still just put one cup of water. Now, if I was going to fill this pot up to the two thirds full mark, I probably put one and a half cups of water in there. But, you know, a little more water just makes a little more of that drip, you know, the gravy, but, but you don't have to cover the peas. The fresh vegetables, you don't have to cover the fresh vegetables with water in order for them to cook until they're tender. So, there's, there's my water. And I'm going to add two my liking. I'm going to add some fresh pepper. I can't pick that up. I'm going to add a little fresh pepper. I'm going to add, I didn't have much here, so I'm just going to add about three, four, three spoons of salt. And then I like onion powder. I mean, I love onions, fresh onions in my food. But my daughter does not like fresh onions. And she doesn't like to see them in her food. So, for a little while now, as a cook, I'm having to use dried spices to hide those flavors. And so, and I did the same thing with garlic powder. My daughter never knows that what I've put in the food. She loves garlic. She just doesn't know it. But, okay, I'm just stirring that up. And I'm going to put my lid on. And I've got some marks here. There's a triangle here. I'm going to put my little lock of the handle. And I'm going to put this lid on. And now I'm going to put it over my burger. And I'm going to set it to medium high. Okay. Now what I'm going to wait for is, I need to wait for the pressure to pop, get hot and the pressure to build up. And when it starts to build up, my air vent that I showed you will pop in the upper, I give a pop up. The lid will be locked. And when this begins to chatter, that's when I start my timer. Can you hear that? That is just starting percolating. And it's going really high. I have my heat on medium high to get it boiling. I've been waiting for about five minutes to get hot. Now that my regulator is chattering, I want to turn my heat down to about medium low. And then this will start to slurry up. And that's good. We don't want a high chatter. Or we don't want a fast chatter like this because too much steam will escape out of the pot. And if you don't have a lot of water in there to begin with, and you have a long cooking, a long period to cook, then your pot could run dry. And then you're going to have burnt food. So, wait, there it is. You hear that? Can you hear that? See, it hasn't been that long. See, I was going to turn it off and I just had enough to see. That's the rocking sound you want. No matter what you're cooking, this is the sound, this is the rhythm you want under pressure cooker. Now you can walk away. Set your timer and walk away and come right back and your food will be ready. I promise. Okay, it's been four minutes and the black eyed peas or the purple whole peas are done. So all I have to do is turn up the heat and I can cool this down two different ways. One, I can simply just remove, slide my pan over and I cook her over and let it cool down on its own accord. Or I can take it over to the sink carefully. Nothing's going to happen if I, you know, it's not going to explode on me. I don't know if I don't handle it correctly. But I can take it over to the sink and run it under cold water and I would do that until the pressure lock, the air vent drops. And then once my little air vent has dropped, there's no more pressure in the pot. And then I can remove the pressure regulator, the thing that shatters on the top. I can remove that and take off the lid and serve up the peas. So it's really that simple. I like, I prefer to let the pressure cooker cool down on its own accord. It seems like they'll, especially when I make beans, I get a better gravy with my beans if I let it cool down on its own. And it really doesn't take that long, maybe 10 minutes, maybe 15 minutes. I've really never paid attention. I always just slide the pot off the heat and I go do something else. So, but if I was in a hurry, I could just put it over there and, you know, run it under cold water, let the air vent drop, take the lid off and we're on our way. So, okay, it's cooled down on its own accord and I'm going to remove this. I've taken the pressure regulator off. You always have to do that first. And just unlock it. That was a lot of noise. And there's always a lot of water that sticks to the steam. So just be careful that you kind of don't get over the pot when you open this. It's just really hot. And then take your lid and drop it in the sink and be right back. Okay, and now let's see if we can see this. Where's my spoon? Sorry. You know, one video is just, you guys take what you, you know, give. So, okay, here it is. Can you see these? Let's see if you can see these. I'm going to tilt this up. Let that burn. Ow! Don't burn yourself. Okay, can you see? See? Look at there. Well, and I do have some water in there. You just can't see it. Now those peas are cut. Y'all, if y'all get tired of watching these videos, you're welcome to turn off. It's cool. I understand. I'm learning how to do this and I'm not trying to make this food network. I'm just trying to help y'all in the kitchen. Alright, there we go. Look at there. Black eye peas. Purple whole peas. Perfectly tender. Steaming hot. Flavor form. You know, so I didn't put any bacon in there. Didn't really need to. Four minutes. They're perfect. Absolutely perfect. Black eye peas. I mean, purple whole peas. Alright, y'all eat healthy. Go get you some purple whole peas from some farm and go make these. And you just have a pressure cooker because they're nothing to it. And there's nothing to be afraid of. And I learned how to cook healthy food fast. Alright, y'all have fun. Bye.