 Hi everyone, it's me, Darlene. It is time for a crossover concoction and the reason we're calling it that is because Sandy and I live just across the way from each other and she and I are going to do some collaborations where we both make the same recipe but with our own take on it. First I did chocolate dipped marshmallows and then she did her version of it. This time she chose what we were making and she chose frozen yogurt pie and she already made hers a blueberry version so please go watch her video. I will have the link for you at the end of this video where you can just click on it or you can go use the link down below in the description box. I am making a strawberry version. So and yes very very hot I really have got to go put an AC in the window today at least one. All you need for this is a Graham Cracker crust and I chose my mother chose chocolate. She didn't know there was chocolate crusts and I said there are so she wanted a chocolate crust with strawberry because chocolate dip strawberries are popular. So chocolate crust which was $1.78. Two yogurts and I got strawberry and these were $0.58 each. Sandi's yogurt was cheaper at Hanif and I'll have to remember that. And then you need a tub of whipped topping but you don't need a big one. You need just eight ounce half of this is my camera right doesn't seem to be. So obviously you can use whatever flavor you want, whatever kind of crust you want. I happen to have some frozen strawberries left over from when we made the strawberry banana sorbet that recipe is in my concoctions playlist. If you want to go check that out. And I also have those big hunks of chocolate leftover from the chocolate concoctions that I made. So I am thought after the pie is made I am going to put some sliced strawberries on it and I'm going to melt some chocolate and drizzle that on the top. And then since I bought the big tub of whipped cream I will have cream leftover that when I cut a piece of pie for my mother if she would like I can put a dollop of whipped cream on top of her serving. So let's move on over to the counter and get started. Very easy you're gonna like this. We need a bowl and we need something to stir with and we need the whipped topping and the yogurt. Now you know I was thinking I might add a little bit of extract just to see if we make it freeze not as solid but you certainly don't have to. Maybe I'll just do it the regular way this time. Alright I am just totally going to eye this and put about half of this tub in here. That looks about like half to me. Then the two yogurts. Yes I lit that lit. They have a long skinny spoon that will reach in there nicely. See if we can get this one off all at once. Oh only requires one big lick. I'm not big on yogurt but I mean with the whipped cream it'll be alright but this is for my mother anyway and I love that it's frozen because then it's just there for whenever she wants a piece. Now so easy I mean seriously. Now if I wanted I could add a little bit of red food coloring if I wanted it to be more red or more strawberry pink. How about we try that and since I cleaned my junk drawer with you guys I knew where my food coloring was just to make it pinkier. I could even leave it a little bit swirled like this. I'm going to taste this because I don't think I've ever had just whipped cream and yogurt like that. Okay that would be delicious. Alright I'm going to go get the crust. Did you miss me? I hope not. Handy dandy, easy crust comes with the cover and everything and this was 178 for the Kebler. I got Kebler because that's the only one that had chocolate but the store brand at Walmart of just the plane was only a dollar 50. You know what that price it's really not worth making your own. I wonder if I have too much whipped cream looks like a lot. Let's spread this down in there. So pretty. This was a good idea Sandy. You can leave us comments you know either on Sandy's channel or mine letting us know what you'd like us to collaborate on next for another crossover concoction. I just took the strawberries out of the freezer so I'm just going to let them thaw just a little bit. I would like them they can still be frozen on the pie but I'm going to be adding that and I will also go melt my chocolate and I will be back. I just took these strawberries out about five minutes ago and it's kind of hot in here today. So see I can totally cut those. I should call it slicing. I think that's the correct term. All righty get the pie back over here and I still have to melt my chocolate of the pie. And I kind of don't want the strawberries to run all over the top of the pie so while I'm melting the chocolate I'm going to go ahead and put the pie in the freezer just like this not with the cover or anything just so it can not get all gooey. Wow I cut more strawberries than I thought but it's going to be pretty. Okay freezer and I'm going to go warm up some chocolate and I will tell you how I did it after I decide how to do it. You guys might remember this from a previous video it's almond bark and it's just chocolate that is inexpensive and very good for the price. So you can use this or you can use chocolate bar or baking morsels or whatever chocolate you want or you can have other flavors if you want. I am going to melt this in the microwave today. I'm not going to do the oven. There's no way I'm turning on an oven. So you may remember this comes in big blocks like that and I'm just going to cut and I think I'm only using one block. So we'll see how that works. I did 30 seconds that block I didn't break it up I just put that hunk chocolate in this little plastic measuring cup. I like little because it's not as much waste if you have a big bowl for a little piece of chocolate the chocolate gets all over the sides. Since I did 30 seconds and it had just started to melt and I did 30 more seconds and this is what we have. Lovely. So I'm going to go get the pie and I can see this has already started to freeze a little bit. Let me back up a little and let's do the drizzle. I'm just thinking I'm going to drizzle. Not in any fancy way. Boy it didn't even need this much chocolate. I've never been trained in drizzling. I would think that would be enough but since I melted this, since my mother is not prediabetic or diabetic and since she's 93 years old and she's made it this long eating tons of sugar all her life I'm going to let her have all the chocolate. Actually quite pretty don't you think? I think Sandy's going to be jealous. I think she said her husband liked hers. I can't remember. Yes I think he did. She said he ate a bunch of it I think. All right and yes I know you need to know. I licked the spoon but I did not lick the cup. That went right into the water. Let's cover. Let's put cover on. You just take this thing off then you just put the cover on and then pinch the foil back down and then come on This is so cool. Now the whipped cream mine was two bucks but you can get an eight ounce for a dollar So in a lot of places you can get yogurt 50 cents each so let's say if you buy just the store brand of the crust that would be 150 two yogurts that would be a total of 250 plus the whipped cream would be 350 you don't have to add strawberries and stuff but you'd have a nice pie basic pie for 350 and then you're free to add whatever you want And this is going in the freezer and I will talk to you back at my desk So how super easy was that and it was beautiful. I mean that's worthy of bringing to someone's house for a special occasion and another thing I thought of I wanted to buy some sweetened condensed milk to try for the heck of it and I didn't and there's also a recipe for sweetened condensed milk I don't think I would ever bother making it because it's a little bit time consuming and you got to do it just right I'm not I'm not into just right to me just right is what's in the can at the store But if you wanted to add some sweetened condensed milk or even uh carol corn syrup a little bit I would say maybe a couple tablespoons you know that would also stop it from freezing so solid but I'm not going to be showing you me cutting the pie because sandy already did that I would say that that pie would be ready to eat in like maybe three or four hours where you would be able to just take it out and cut it easily but sandy grew up with this stuff and she said you know she would just her mother would just leave it in the freezer and then cut some slices take it out leave it on the counter for just a few minutes and cut some slices and give it to the kids to go eat in their hand outside it's like a nice frozen good treat but then sandy left it out I think it took her about 30 minutes of leaving it out on the counter and again it depends on the temperature in your home but then she was able to cut it fairly easy so I will direct you back to her video so you can see that step because I want to hurry up and get this uploaded I have some other videos to do so I don't want to wait and wait for it to freeze I'm too anxious too anxious to move on to something else but maybe tomorrow when I give my mother a slice or maybe later tonight or whatever maybe I maybe I can show you and put it on a daily update or whatever but I'm hot right now can you tell hot a lot and I gotta go try to put an AC in the window I then go sit in front of it directly in front of it naked no I'm just kidding don't want to scare tanger so please go take a look at sandy's blueberry version of this and thank you sandy for the awesome idea I get to choose next be careful and I promise sandy I'll never make you cook liver the links are below that you need sandies video link is below and I'll also link you to my concoctions playlist so that is it for now I'll talk to you soon bye