 Hi there, today I want to show you how to make homemade vanilla extract very easy. You just need some vodka and some vanilla beans. Now first of all I want to share with you where I purchased my vanilla beans. I got an excellent deal on these and it's from Vanilla Products USA.com. They also have an e-base store. That's where I found them and I'll post the link below. So anyway I paid about 32 dollars in some change for a pound of vanilla beans and it's up that they sent me a free gift which is 1 eighth pound of near gourmet bourbon and a gas-giver vanilla beans. I counted the beans. There was about 20 in this little free packet and on this package of 1 pound there was 130 altogether. So altogether there's 150 for about 32 dollars. That's about 21 cents a bean that's really cheap compared to what I paid for in the past. I think I paid like about 50 before for each bean. So anyway so now the recipe that I'm using calls for 1 quarter pound of vanilla beans per 1 quart of vodka. So that's about 1 quart is about 32 ounces and I'm doing the 750 millilator bottles here which is around 25 ounces. But I did pour some out which will be used later, maybe some of them will drink it so I can make room for the beans. And what I'm doing is I'm not actually going to slice the beans and split them in half. I'm going to actually just cut them into about 3 quarter maybe to an inch length and I'm just going to pour them in a jar here. Now I already put some in there because they take a while since I'm doing 1 bean per ounce which is what is equivalent of the 1 quarter pound of beans per quart of vodka. So this is the one I did earlier so I already have the vanilla beans all cut up in the bottom there and I did shake it already. So let me cut this up here and we'll put them in the bottle there. So after you are done putting the pieces of vanilla beans in the bottle you'd want to shake it a couple times a week for the first couple months and after that you can just leave it to brew. Now it generally takes about 2 months for the vanilla extractor brew but the longer it sits the better it gets and I'm going to actually make these as gifts for the holidays. But later on after this first part I will show you how I'm going to boil them up and how I found some labels that I got for free and so I can show you how they look like when I give them away as gifts. I'm thinking about making a cookie jar cookie mix to pair it up with it so it'd be a really nice gift for the holidays. So it smells really good. We'll just put it all in there and make sure that you store these bottles in the dark cupboard or if you even have a darker bottle like an amber bottle with even the better but you just want to expose this to light so that the vanilla does not break down. And make sure that you are using 80 proof vodka. I guess from Wonderred it works best. Say I could just kind of cut them up there. I was going to split them in half but you know what and scrape off the beans the caviar but that's going to be time consuming and you don't need to do that since the beans will just soak in there anyway and you know pretty much marinate so there's no need to be splitting it in half. It'll all come out the same. Remember I'm doing 1 bean per ounce and you just give it a good shake just like that. So that's it quick and easy and make sure you store them in a dark cool place. Shake the bottles every couple days for the next 6 to 8 weeks and you'll be set in the next few months. Also want to remind you that you use the 80 proof vodka you know to spend that much money on these. I only spend about $10 and some change after taxes at Fred Meyer. The brand name I have here is Prestige so I don't know you might be able to find them at your local broker stores. Also want to mention that if you are going to give these away as gifts you might want to snack some free labels from VistaPrint.com. If you are a new customer you usually get free labels like I've done in the past but also a couple weeks back that's how I got these is there was a promotion that were given away 140 labels free and I just paid a shipping with just around $3.60. So but if you are a new customer you might want to sign up for their email list and hopefully you can snack some for free. So stay tuned on part 2 and I will show you how I'm going to put this together with my cookie jar mix and put it together in a little basket to give away gifts for the holiday season this year. Anyways thanks for watching and we'll see you soon.