 Hi, I am George and today I do a video request. One subscriber asked me how I do take care for this Miranda plant. I decided to make a video as I promise. And this is a tropical plant and it likes to spring on the leaves every day. And I will do that in this video and it has some leaves yellow because the plant likes the soil to be easily moist. But I know I have so many plants and I don't have time to care in the same time. So I will end the soil dry. Now it's wet soil and some leaves yellowing, one, two leaves and this leaves. But it's ok. The plant feeling is normal in this period of time. And yeah, just I have these screws and I will put these leaves. I do take care so I can put them there. E-carrot phone, one, these I put, another one I have to put. I still decide this screw. Now what I have to do, I like to dig around the plant to all my plants and I dig ink so careful there. And air patterns there and the pot and the plant will feel good. Oxygen you have and that's good experiment. I do that every week. So easily under the air then I will clean the leaves. Oh my God. I put this paper over background to be quality video. And that's why I do that kind of thing. I see another leaf dry out and dry. And where is the screws? I don't know. Yeah I found it and I will put this. Oh my God. This leaf I put. And yeah that's why with digging I finished it. And now I have to clean the leaf. But I know one life hack. I clean the leaves with this water with lime juice. I inspired from a Yoli, one channel made of Yoli. She grows orchids. New York of Kid Queen. Her channel name and I like very much her channel. I inspired from here to squeeze lime on. Juice, lime on fruit, squeeze and the jet with water I have there. And very good experiment. I will do that on my orchids and other plants. All my plants are ready. But I need to put more lemon juice but I don't have more lemons. Now but it's okay. And what I will do now I have this and I will clean the leaves. Smells lemon. Nice. So let's clean the leaves. So beautiful it looks when I clean the juice and lemon juice helps to plant. Again it's back there and it fungs this lemon juice. And I hope when I see helpful plant and just beautiful girl. Reminded some leaves and I finished with cleaning. And from this dirt to the clean, clean, clean, cut well it looks very beautiful. And I clean only on top side. I finished cleaning and now it looks so beautiful now and so happy plant. I have there and one leaf will grow soon. There is dry a little and I will cut this. So beautiful. Yeah so good. And that's not told. I will water the rip today and not with simple water but I make it water mixes with banana peel and I keep this water for two days and banana peel contains many nutrients and I will water the day with that fertilizer like that. And let's just water it and as I said not too much water but not so not to be full of water because we will root the system roots and that's not good at all. I will water it a little day and not water it on there and the plant will feel very beautiful. And yeah I finished it to water it and now I just spray it on the leaves. As I said she likes to spray every day. Looks so beautiful now. So that's all today. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you have an amazing day and greetings from Moldova. Subscribe to my channel, like and share. I am George and bye.