 I'm gonna put all the fruit and stuff in here. Yeah. And it's gonna sit in there and cook through it. But the thing that that is, what I say is, strain it later. So I said later I don't have to come back and dig all the fruit out and strain it through. Oh yeah, but some people just use the juice. That's what I'm saying, like, and not put actual fruit in there. No, no, you say. You gotta have a kicker. That's what the kicker is. That actually is fruit and shit. That's a point, baby, right? No, that's what makes some of the cook. Okay. That's how you actually cook in there. Are you actually me that shit? Yeah. Yeah, that's a necessity. Yeah, okay. So we just up in here chilling, making some pruno. I mean, damn. That gets me telling me about this. Yeah, I mean, this is supposed to be way more livery than most alcohols that you do. Yeah, that's why. Yeah, I'm sad. So it wouldn't be the homie J. L. Fulton. I showed me the first time. No, I've been trying. I mean, he would've been trying to teach me this, but I just, you know, I just kind of remember it. I'm like, I was gonna shit. I didn't tell anybody. Yeah, never happy. One is gonna be ready to drink though. Oh. Like how many weeks? Oh, really? Yeah, because that's what you think. That way you can check those, that way you can check. So once you got the chicken already, you can check that, like I said, that's your main. That'd be one of your main things. Check that. Yeah, you got me some fire, huh? Oh, yeah. That motherfucker's hit. Boy, you can spell it out. I'm a holla lamb. Nice one. Jesus. I'm a holla lamb, boy. Yeah. That motherfucker kicked like a motherfucker. You see that, try it out. Okay. We're doing that over here. I didn't even expect Jay-Lok to come out with his own. Oh, yeah. Like. You say some shit like that. I got some shit. Dude, for you said, yeah, I got some shit. So I do some prudence. Do you drink it on like, do you drink it a lot? Or you just do it every now and then type things, but you just drink. Because I know you do henna see a lot. Cheers. That's what you know. Oh, oh, damn. There you go. That's what you do. I just like to see what I can do to keep my mother fucking home. That's something to kind of stuff with you, Ty. I just like to say what you made me want to always stay in tone with your crafts. Yeah. I just keep the craft sharp if you don't continue to do it when I'm saying you fall off just a little bit. So, so, so what, so what are you doing with the sock? I'm just going to use spray. But that's, that's spray, but a sprayer. But that's big. Yeah, just to catch the liquid, right? It holds all the fruits to where once you sit your fruit inside the kicker, actually the fruit is your kicker. Once you sit this inside the drink, it's just going to absorb the juice through the sock. And it's going to cook, right? It will help it cook quicker. Just so that I can see. Right. You know what I'm saying? Like I said, this is already a hard thing. Thanks. So, you're going to dump out the fruits that is in there. No, no, see what you're going to do after you use this? You're going to keep this. You're going to throw it away. You're going to keep it. You're going to kicker. Oh, right. The thing about a kicker is, and only you have that kicker, the quicker you'll drink it, the next time you make your alcohol, it's going to cook. Right. Like I said, that's why it's called a kicker. It kicks it off. It kicks the cookin process off. Right. So, without the kicker, you'll be doing it for the takeer slower process. It kicks it back. It's going to cook the alcohol. You'll be cooking it for, like you said, weeks. Right. Yeah, because I thought it would take at least like a week. No, the kicker gives you the day. Right. But see, in essence though, the way I'm thinking of how you make it, your process actually takes a little bit longer because I never heard of the kicker part. Well, I mean, like I said, most people after the first time you've cooked it, you have a kicker. I mean, you don't have the kicker until after you get a little experience. No, no, no. So, like you think it's this. I actually need the kicker though. You'll have your first back. Like I said, you make a back. I thought all this. Right. Yeah, that's all juice. You're going to strain it in this. But if you make a backer, you make a backer, you're not going to have no kicker because you just start it. Right. So, basically what you're using is all fresh fruits. Now, once that first batch is through and all the fruits are stuck that's left over that you've got to strain because you're going to have to strain your alcohol, right? Right. Because it's not going to be drinking the brine at pieces and the fruit pieces and all that you don't want to drink any of that. Right. You want to drink just pure liquor. Right. And what you usually do is, like I said, if I use, squeeze all the time, you, the I'll make a fine gallon of six gallon of that. Right. So, I'm going to strain it in the pillowcase. So, I'm saying I'll get a brand new pillowcase and call the alcohol, everything in it. And I'll squeeze it all, all I'll squeeze it all the alcohol out there into another bag. So, now I've got fresh pure drink here. Now, all the fruit and bread and everything is still in the pillowcase. I'll take that and I'll put it into a net, some type of net hat. That's crazy, Jay. So, I'll put that into a container where I can let it up closer. Right. That way, you keep your kicker. Like I said, your kicker is one of the most important parts of the alcohol procedure. Right. The older your kicker is, the quicker your alcohol will be. So, pretty much, you got this down to a science, basically. Wait, what's the McDonald's bag for you? That's the cash sum of the pocket juice. Hold that side, that side. All right. So, we're dumping some fruits into the sock, not peaches, but pineapples and oranges that have been fermenting for a while. Now, we're dumping it into a sock. We're straining the juices out. It's a new sock, it's not like it's all sock. We're out, we're not in, we can do the new sock. Every tool is fresh. Every tool is fresh in there. Put it on your juice. Put up a brand new Mickey D's bag. She's got that on her power an hour down. I'm up, take that of the sock. How are you? Yeah, I'm up there. Now we've got the sock. Oh, get a little, you know, bone up a teak taste there. No. Putting a fermented fruits inside, this is a trash bag full of mint and made juice as you can see here. You know. So these, so what happened was, what you just seen in the bag is still raw. Oh yeah, man. And you're probably like leaving in like somewhere like body's little feeder or whatever. I don't know. Gotta keep the raw cooking. Yeah. So we put, we put mint and made juice in the trash bag. Then we put already fermented fruits that have been kind of cooking. In other words, been sitting in a warm spot for a while. You could use apples. You can use, you know, all kind of fruits or vegetables. And then you put it in the bag. And then you let this cook. I mean, I didn't know anything about the sock, but apparently you put a sock in there and to hold your vegetables. So for reuse, I don't know. Maybe, maybe, maybe the homeboy will tell us later whatever what you do that for. But, uh, but yeah, then after that, you just let that bitch cook for a few days. After cooked for a few days, it'll be, it'll be ready to drink. Right now, we wait, what you, what you putting in there now? Sugar. Some, oh yeah, oh yeah. Sugar is a very vital part. Very vital. It feeds the yeast, right? The sugar, yeah. So, you know, you know, people who invented this are actually scientists. You know. So right now, we put the sock in there because it already got the fermented fruit in there and the juice that we wanted to kind of taste like or whatever. So now we got to feed the yeast so that it grows into more alcohol. So you put in sugar in the, in the brew. Oh, I got to get this part. Oh. Oh. Just pour the sugar inside. It's smelling good up inside there. It's smelling yummy, I think. So you got the sock full of the fermented fruits. And you got the sugar in there to feed the yeast from the fermented fruits. Then you just let this mud sit for a while. This is minute majors right here, fruit punch. So the alcohol will come out tasting kind of like fruit punch. And this is what they call pruneo. I don't know.