 Hi and welcome back. Today we are talking about Ginzen and so I've got here some seed. I'm just gonna leave here for a minute. Right, no address but anyhow. We, this seed has been sent to us by mail, from Tasmania. The seed has been stratified and what that means is that it has been in a heated environment for 100 days. And when you get the seed sent to your home, you put it in a cool place for another 100 days. And this has been in our fridge for 100 days and it's very exciting today because finally we get to grow them. So open up and I'll let you see. All right, so the reason why we go through the process of preparing them is because we want to mimic nature and the full season. So that's why we're doing that. And if you're going to do that and it fails, then it costs a lot of money. So just follow what the instructions say and you know, try it out for yourself. Okay, inside the seed. Close the look. As you can see the seed is starting to split. Like when we bought it initially we didn't see the splitting but now it has. So it's very exciting isn't it? It's like growing, like pushing out the wound. So that's how Jin's and Seed and we're in the hot house. It used to be a very nice hot house but because of the element and the plastic broke and then you had to replace it. But it still does a job. All right, like I promised we're going to shut down some Jin's and Seed. I'm excited. I'm just going to use the other cell. I'm just going to use this part of the cup of apple ground and I won't move to here because this is where generally we walk. I'm just going to put a little bit around there. Got a handful. Oh, look at all the ones. We're going to propagate it later. We're going to transplant it later anyway. We're going to cover it and mold it. I'm just going to cover it before the worms start to feel native and exposed. So that's pretty much it. That's how we grow it. And we will water it and mold it later. And we still got quite a bit in here which we will grow somewhere else. Maybe over there. But that's pretty much it. And we will update you wherever the Jin's and Seed will grow. And if you want to know where you can buy them, just wait until we have resolved and then go and try now and buy from the website. And where we got these. That's pretty much it. Until next time.