 Alright you too. Tonight I'm going to cook me a steak, have some okra. I was just going to pan fry it in some olive oil here. Dice up a onion and I have some store bought garlic here. The onion and the okra I grew out of my garden. I'm going to go ahead and get all the vegetables and everything chopped up and the garlic and then come back and go ahead and throw this on the skillet. Alright, got a pan pretty warm there about medium, medium high heat. Go ahead and drizzle a little olive oil in here. A little olive oil. I like olive oil. I'm going to start off with the garlic. I'm going to put the garlic there and get the oil nice and seasoned up. Let that go for a little bit. I'll slide the onion off in there. I love garlic. I'm going to take long to start smelling good. Alright, I'm going to get the onion off in there. Let that go for a little bit. Keep the mousse that doesn't burn out. Turn the fire down a little bit. There we go. Now a little of these casts on the skillets here. That this for Christmas gift I believe was two Christmas gifts ago. Maybe 2011. I think it was. But I love it. I'm using it more and more often. I'm going to have to keep it seasoning up pretty good. I'm going to have to properly clean it out. Alright, I'm going to slide it over off in there. I'm just going to want to be in there. That's alright. That's up people. Quite a few people don't like open. They don't like the texture of it. It has a ball of meat. Look at the number of them going in there. Let me take a hole in that and cook it. Salt and pepper in it. I like a lot of blood-pepping on it. I like to see that. I like to see that. I like to set up there a little bit. Get a little crisp on the side. Stir it up. That's going on. I'm going to go ahead and season up my steak here. We just have toå on the sauce. I'm going to call it good. Alright, there you go. Pan-fried okra, garlic and onions. Got a nice little, got a nice little crisp edge to it. That's why I like about pan frying it, just a little olive oil. It's tender. Got a little crisp to it. That's good. A little salt, some crushed black pepper. That's good. It's going to go good with my steak. Alright y'all, I'm going to go ahead and take care of this. Thanks for watching, like, subscribe, leave a comment. Y'all have a blessing. Take care.