 Well, we have a great kindergarten segment today. I'm with Tracy Hayeson from Legacy Health and we're at the Children's Garden at the Manual Hospital and we have two great helpers for us and Tracy, what is the project today? This is a project we do every month but we're doing a lot of it right now because there's a lot of plant material but we're pressing all kinds of plant material for our winter projects. Well really you can do a lot of art projects later on but you have to start now while the flowers are beautiful. That's right and Antonio if you'll help us we play some face down, get a pansy and put it face down like this. Can you pick up that yellow flower? There you go. And so what's in this cookie sheet here? We have a, we started with a newspaper and we've already put some down that we have drawing. Paper towel, layer of plant material so get the rest of these team work together and get the rest of these onto here. Face down, this doesn't cost anything when you use a newspaper. Paper towel from the kitchen and cookie tray or some kind of pan. Just thing you have at home. And really go out into your yard or your environment and go pick up some fresh flowers or even leaves. That's right. That's right. This paper towel over the top and we have a little bit more to do. Help put it over the top. There we go. Okay. Now this one's getting a little wealthy but it'll work. So you do this one face down and you really can put layer after layer after layer. We put about 10 layers and then we put a big book on it to press them and put this last one. Excellent. And we want them to not touch so spread that apart. They dry better if they don't touch and put the last paper towel on. And then you could put a, I don't have a big heavy book, put a big heavy book on top. And then when they're all dry in about two weeks we take them out and put them in our little magic box full. This one has dried pansies and then we would put the next layer and the next layer. And this is something that families need to be doing every month so you have arts and crafts materials. You can make cards or book markers. You can do kind of paintings. You just maybe need some craft glue. And that is just something so much fun and you can really kind of stretch the season and the enjoyment of your garden. Right. And we do this every month. We make projects. Well, that's what's so nice too at the Children's Hospital Garden. Really anybody in the community is also invited to enjoy the garden. That's right. Come anytime. Well, thank you so much and thank you so much, Alper. We appreciate it. Thanks for helping.