 Hey guys, what's up? It's the flavor heist, a French cooking channel. I'm famous in France. Oh, because I can copy every flavor and now I would like to share my awesome recipe with you and the rest of the world. You don't believe me? Well, today I will prove it to you because we are going to make some Coca-cola. Let's get started! You need couples, essential oil, which are orange, lemon, cinnamon, narrowly, coriander and nutmeg. Then, you will need some water, gomara, big lemon juice, sugar, black food coloring, a knee-eye extract and soda water. Check the description for more information. The first steps is to prepare the coke flavor. Into a bowl, you add 12 drops of lemon oil, 8 drops of orange, 4 drops of narrowly, 4 drops of cinnamon, 1 drops of nutmeg and 1 drops of coriander. To finish, add 8 drops of water. When you see the water is not mixed with the oil, we need to use some arabic gom to combine the both. If you don't have any arabic gom, just add some drops of vodka or any spirits because alcohol will help to mix and this is really important for the next step. Add 1 gram of arabic gom and you really need to mix it well. Add 1.5 tsp of vanillir extract and mix it again. Look how beautiful it looks. You have an homemade coke flavor and now we need to make the syrup. Put 80 g of sugar in a bowl and add 8.5 ml of water. Heat it in a microwave for 30 seconds. You now have the syrup and the coke flavor. Pour the syrup into the coke flavoring bowl. Oh, it smells like coke everywhere in my kitchen. The flavor is so strong. Mix a little bit and pour the black coloring food into the bowl. You finish add the lemon juice and mix it one more time. The concentrate is not ready. You need to pour it in the fridge during 1 hour. Hint glass had 1 volume of coke concentrated for 5 volume of soda water. Look at it. You have your homemade coke. Let me try this. Wow, oh my gosh. It's delicious. It looks like coke. It smells like coke and it tastes like coke. But this recipe is not the official one. Only KUKA KUKA KUKA company get the real secret. Please like it, share it and subscribe. The flavor is paste.