 Hi, I'm Karen for Expert Village. Now I'm going to show you how to decorate this square glass platter with daikupage. We're going to be daikupaging a napkin onto the back of it. You want to put it on the back and have the design show up through so that you still have the glass surface to serve food on. They make a huge variety of napkins nowadays and in beautiful designs. So the first thing you want to do is choose your napkin and sort of plan out how you're going to adhere it onto the platter. So they have all kinds of designs. Many napkins have a repetitive picture with the four as the napkins folded. You end up with four squares of the same picture like this one. Or you can find napkins that have a single design printed onto the whole napkin and then it's just folded. So when you're shopping for your napkins, sort of peek into the package and see whether it's a repetitive pattern or a single pattern. Here's one with a single pattern. There's also napkins are nice with borders. This one, sort of reminiscent of a bandana and that has borders. Now it's a lot bigger than the platter and sometimes what I like to do is just take the item and put it on top and get an idea of how it will fit on your platter. Here's another one with a border and I can open it and I'll do the same thing. And you can see that you won't be able to use this outer design but that part will be cut off. I'll show you some that I cut so you can get an idea of what those two napkins would look like on this platter. So we've cut off the outer border but this would fit fairly perfectly right on that. We might lose a tiny bit at the edge, this dark border on that edge. And for this one, if we were going to use this one, that's the look you would get. So you want to try different things, maybe you want to match your table decorations. There's an unlimited amount that you want to do. We're going to be using this napkin. I like it, it's gold, it's elegant. It has a little bit of an oriental look that goes nicely with the straight lines of the clear glass platter.