 Hello I'm Dr. Othady Kemp, the Hammondock. A few days ago I was watching a video on Facebook and musician was playing a Hammond B3 organ and the the the keys on that Hammond organ were so dirty they were filthy and in fact I was thinking to myself as I watched this video I said the Hammondock would not be playing that particular Hammond organ with the keys that dirty I would clean the keys first and the organ I don't think belong to the person that was playing it but whoever that organ belongs to they should clean the Hammond organ you need to clean your keys and I'll show you this is how you can easily clean your keys so that you don't have disgusting looking dirty looking keys that's on video you can use disinfectant wipes like this also make them in the chlorox form you can also use towel and it doesn't take much time to clean your keys in fact I have a Leslie switch that I just received in the mail and it came to me disgustingly dirty look at that that's nasty and what I'm gonna do in this video I'll use a tubble towel to clean this switch up then I'll come back on another video because I have a second switch that's also dirty and I'll clean it using the disinfectant wipe and I'll show you that you can use either one of these in fact I'll probably make another video where because the the cords came with it as well and I'll clean those up and use the same disinfectant wipes to do that so let's get started with this first one because there's no need for you to have them sit down and play a dirty Hammond organ clean your organs up and this is how you can clean the keys it's the same this this big like this big like material you use this tubble towel so you go work on it in fact I'm gonna take a picture now yeah I'll take a picture of both of these before I clean it and then then I'll come back I will take another picture of them after it's been clean I'm gonna do that right now because this is gonna be a kind of a before and after picture because this is terrible makes no sense to have something looking like this all right now let's take this tub towel it's very easy to do come on let's get over here and clean this thing up that comes right off that needs to be cleaned as well look at this look that tub towel just wipe that out get underneath it get rid of one of them the case. the backside of the case. So that would require great deal of effort, just some effort. And some desire to have your stuff clean. I'll spray some cleaner in there and it will cap. Clean that as well. Why? Because you don't know how many thousands of fingers and hands have been touching this thing. So you're going to clean the knobs. This is an effective thing. That's beautiful now. What I like about the Tober towels is that it has two sides to it. It has a kind of a... It's a little rough side to it. Now let me show it to you. Now take a look at this. Look at that switch. Didn't need any polishing, any buffing and all that kind of stuff I've heard of people doing all of that. Let me buff this and polish this and put some wax on it. You don't have to do all that stuff. If you clean it up good, look at this. Isn't that beautiful? Now that's the only way that I would send something out or put it on a hammer in order. Alright? So I'm going to come back with another cleaning video where I use some other towels to clean up the other switch. And I'll show you that it will do just as good a job as the Tober towels. Okay? So until the next video, this is Dr. Kemp, the Hammondock. Staying, keep your Hammond organ clean and peace out. Goodbye.