 Hi, this is Tiffany Klebner. I'm here today to pick up fresh papaya for our recipe. I'm going to make the papaya salad today. Papaya salad in another word is tamung hong in lay ocean. And tamung hong is a very popular, very popular and authentic lay ocean salad. This is a fresh green unripe papaya and I'm going to show you how to prepare this. You take the shredder, the peeler and then you peel the skin off like this. But be very careful with it because there are sometimes the really fresh ripe and ones have sapped in them. So after you peel it, make sure you wash your hands before you shred them. After you peel all the skin off, this is how it's going to look like. And I'm going to show you two ways to prepare them. One is a very traditional lay ocean way. You take a sharp knife from your kitchen, you smash it like this. And then you can shave it down. Or if you can find a julienne shredder in any Asian market, you can just shave it down like this. And then you can keep shaving it until you are satisfied with the amount, depending on how many people you're serving. This is a mortar, this is a pistol and I'm going to show you how to make papaya salad. First you take chili pepper. You can use as many as you like. I'm going to use about five because I really like them spicy and fresh garlic. I'm going to use three because I like anything goleaky. And I'm going to put sugar in it first. So that way when you're smashing it down, it doesn't splash into your eyes, which is very important. So you keep smashing it, smashing it until it gets pretty much crushed up. Like this. It's pretty good. And then you take the fresh shred of papaya that we did earlier. And put it in. Take this out of the way. Then you're going to put in fresh lime. You squeeze the juice out. Some people put the whole lime into it and I really don't like that because it gives it a little bit of a bitter taste which I don't prefer. So I'm just going to leave it out. And then I'm going to put in badegg, which is fermented fish. Fish sauce. Just swirl it around. And shrimp paste. I'm going to get my spoon. Then you smash it down, mix it all together and smash it down. As you're smashing it, don't smash it too hard because you don't really want to bruise the papaya too much. You just want it enough to just get everything to mix together nicely. And kind of use the spoon to kind of flip the sauce that is from the bottom up. Serve it in there and nicely mix together like this. And I usually put the tomatoes in the end. Just get my knife. I use cherry tomatoes. Some people even like using green tomatoes because it gives it a nice crunchy extra crunchiness to it. But I like them ripen. And some people use actually long beans. They use small Thai eggplant to just give it a different flavor to it. So you keep putting it in. And I like to mix it with the bigger tomatoes because the bigger tomato has a lot of juice in it. So then that way you can put the juice, the delicious juice into a rice, serve it with rice, serve it with start-to-stake or grilled chicken. Anything like that. And just mix it up nicely. And then you pretty much are done. Just scrape it off a little bit. You want every bit of it in there because it's so good and you don't want to waste it. And this is how you serve it. Put it together. Like that. Look how beautiful it is. It looks so good. And it's so refreshing because of all that contrast of sweet and sour and freshness and crunchiness together. And then you can take this herb that I got from my garden and you just lay it down and decorate it and make it look pretty infestive. But also if you don't have this you could also use white cabbage, red cabbage, or even some people like shredded bok choy. Look how good it looks. And this is how you eat it. Take a piece of leaf and then you scoop it up. Kind of like a little miniature wrap. And then you put it in your mouth like this. So good. And this is the papaya salad.