 Hi guys, this is me Renee and today we are back with another video and today guys I'm so excited because I found these at Walmart. These are the build-a-bear workshop mini bear Plushes and there is a find the rare find which is a rainbow unicorn so I don't know There's six in this case. So I got a whole case. We're not gonna find the whole collection today I down-mine the rainbow unicorn one, but I will try these are from just play Like I said, I found these at Walmart. These are the first time I've ever seen these so I don't even know if they're new or not But I was really excited when I seen them regardless if they're new or old I was so excited because they come in these little bitty p- little bitty um Oh gosh packages just like the build-a-bear has come in and I just love that and it says build-a-bear.com on it So includes one plush. That's so amazing That those came I love build-a-bear so much so many cute things like the rainbow tiger looks cute The panda looks cute the rainbow bear so you can get the rainbow unicorn the pup blue and white puppy the blue Camo bear the rainbow monkey the rainbow tiger the blue panda and the rainbow bear So guys those are the ones you can get there's course seven in this collection Hopefully they come out with more seasons that would be oh absolutely Amazing like I said, I really love these. I love like bears and I love little stuffed animals I just like them so much these are gonna be so much fun to open guys So we're gonna get started today guys. I'm so excited the boxes is build-a-bear the back and that's it So not much anything crazy, but I'm so excited to find these you have no idea I did so excited when I can see them. I was like oh my god. I have them. I don't remember the price. I think they're Three to five dollars. I don't remember somewhere around there. I did find that one I don't know if I said that I keep complete a Um, oh my gosh What was gonna say repeating myself so sorry about that? So we're gonna get started today guys. Hope you enjoyed these and I can't wait to see what they look like Okay guys, so what I did was I went ahead and grabbed my stand and guys I did have a question where I got these I did get this at Walmart over there where their hammers and stuff are they have a clear one They have many different colors I'm not but I got this when I really love it Love putting my stuff on there so you can see them throughout the whole video, but anyways guys We're gonna go ahead and pull them up pull one out So this says everybody come in and I love this and this cute guys. This is so cute. Oh my gosh Look at the I'm so excited. So we're gonna see who our first one is today And I'm not sure if it's a blind bag or not so basically try to see how you would open this. Oh, guess it's just ripped open Oh, it's taped. Oh, I just ripped it. I was trying not to rip it. I'm so sad. Okay So they are blind bags guys, but you can see which one that is I already know which one this is gonna be It's not that hard, but we're gonna go ahead and take a look at them I really think these are cute. Oh my gosh. It says build a bear on this pull. Oh my gosh This is so cute. Just a build a bear workshop Just play so it's pretty cool that they're doing that. Oh my gosh How cool is this it tells you how to wash it for you tells you what age Everything like that what's it made out of there is no it's not really any kind of beads in it or anything It's just like a regular bear, but this is the blue and white puppy and of course you can name them How cool is that that is so cool? Oh my gosh, I'm so excited. I'm gonna put this blue and white puppy here. We'll call him Frank today Let's go ahead and get this open. There is tape of course So I'm trying to be careful not to rip them, but I guess it doesn't really matter does it guys Yeah, so if you don't want to rip them make sure you get tape Okay, so this one is I think I know what this one is But let me take a look so the blind bags are not very you know, I guess You know blind you kind of can see hold this is the blue panda. Oh my gosh. It looks so cute Oh my gosh. How cute is this this is really cute guys. I really love stuff animals like this so cute I love the little like the rainbow color eyes It has a little has a lighter pink this one had a red build a bear mark Oh my gosh, look at the paws. Oh so cute. I love these so much. Let's open this one Okay, we're gonna open this one really quick guys Okay, I'm looking for something, but never mind We're gonna rip this open see who we're gonna get Okay, you know what this one is so excited I was really want the rare find that was gonna be so hard to find a bit. Oh My gosh, how cute is this and it has a light pink one. Oh my gosh This is the rain rainbow tiger. Oh my gosh. It's so cute. Oh my gosh. Look how cute this is Turn it over back. I just love the colors and everything my gosh. I'm in love. Let's go ahead and open up this one for you guys See Okay, see who this is gonna be. Oh, this is a dark blue one. This is probably the monkey Right no the camera bear not the monkey Let's take a look This is so cute and has a red one so it looks like there's red and light pink on there This one's slightly bigger than that one. I know that doesn't make How cool is that look at his oh my gosh, this camel bear is so cute. These are really really cute So cute. We're gonna put that one back up there. We got one more left for you guys Or two more actually Or one more after this one. I don't know what I'm talking about See who this one is this is going to be the monkey so looks like the only one we're missing is the rainbow bear and The unicorn, but we're not gonna get the unicorn Hey, this one has a light pink build a bear symbol It is a rainbow monkey and it's so cute. We can just pause is yellow Paul. Oh my gosh. I love this This is so unbelievably cute. I'm so glad. Okay, so our last one here guys Let's take a look and see who we're gonna get here And of course you don't have to rip the boxes like I did You know, we do it a little bit neater. Okay, so this is probably gonna be the rainbow bear so the rare The rare finds gonna be hard. I don't even know what the case quality is of them Oh my gosh, these are so cute. I'm glad we are only missing the But it does say you know, they are that's a I find the rare Fun the rare friend which is the unicorn I believe so I'm pretty sad about this But this is the rainbow bear. I love her pink like her like reddish pink Pause her light pink build a bear. Oh my gosh. So cute guys. These are really really cute I do love build a bear like I said. They're such a fun little company. Oh My gosh, I love them so much so excited for these guys so excited Okay, now it's your turn to pick your favorite guys. It's hard for me to pick my favorite But I like them all but I really like this one right here. This is the rainbow tiger I just like that one and I like the blue and white puppy So like I said, please leave down below who your favorite is guys and what you would name them all and also guys Let me know if you like build a bear Lean hit let's get let's get this video to 20 likes hit that notification bell So you're notified my upcoming notify for my upcoming videos and guys Thank you so much for the support and guys. I will try to get back and write to some of you guys I just have been so busy and I promise I'm off of school for a week So I will get back to writing comments to you guys. So like I said let me know down below What toys you'd like to see me do next and also guys? Please hit that subscribe button and I always enjoy talking to you guys and hearing your feedback But guys let me know like I said let me know what you would name these and let me know if you like these little mini Build the bear a minis these are were so cute. I enjoyed them so much. I keep saying that but guys I will see you next time you have a great day. Bye. Bye