 Hello friends, once again welcome back to another new video from Healthanthaki. Today we are going to see how to grow chilies fast at your home. Before we begin if you have not subscribed to my channel please hit that subscribe button to see more videos like this. Ok lets begin. First of all what you have to do is you have to collect some mature chilies like this. And should be thread in color and then you have to dry them. After drying you will get chilies like this. You can select and collect this seed from these chilies. These dried chilies. Now I will show you how to collect and plant these seeds to germinate these seeds. The soil mix which I am using is a soil mix of 70% of soil with 30% of cow dung powder. Now lets collect these seeds from the chilies. You can easily open the chilies using your hand itself. As you can see there is a lot of seeds inside every chilies. I will show you here. Ok you can see these seeds here. And what I am going to do is I am going to just place these seeds into the soil. You will get lot of seeds from within a single chili. You have to dry these chilies for about 5 days and then you should collect the seeds from this. Ok our seeds are ready. Now what you have to do is you have to place it in a partial shaded area. And you have to water this regularly. And you will get these seeds germinated within 5 to 6 days. The watering is very important without the proper watering. The seeds will not sprout. Ok I will show you the next step. Ok friends. This is how it would be looked like after 3 weeks. I have got some chili plants here. And now what I have to do is I have to transplant it into the ground. Or you can plant it in a pot. But I prefer to plant it in the ground because planting it in the ground will yield more and more chilies. Ok now I will show you how to plant it in the ground. You have to select a select S and N area, worst area like this. And then you have to make the plant the holes for your chili plant. Just like this. You have to keep every chili plants in a distance of minimum. 15 centimeter. Ok that is a second. Place where I am going to plant it. And then you have to generally take out the chilies and then you have to plant it in the ground. After the first 2 months you will get the yield from your chili plant. If you take care of them well. Ok friends this is how you have to close your chilies at home. And thanks for watching this video.