 You know, Harry Navel sounds terrible, but it's actually pretty dangling good. They got this drink in here and I'm making another easy vodka drink. This one is the Harry Navel and basically what I'm doing here. It's like a combination of a screwdriver and a fuzzy Navel. Really easy. I always look at it as one of those grandma or mom drinks that goes down smooth, easy on a palate, and easy to make. So if you're just getting into alcohol and making drinks, this is a great starter drink as well. You sort of take a tall glass and put an ounce of vodka into it. And you want to take that and put it out of each snops into it. These two lickers go together like peas and carrots. They really do. And once you've done that, add some ice to your glass. Just fill that baby up. All right. And I usually freshly squeeze my juice, but I'm making a whole bunch of orange juice cocktails this week. So simply orange is a pretty decent brand to use. It's 100% juice, no concentrates, regardless. They're not paying me. If you just want to fill it with orange juice. And you don't have to stir this. I like to stir it just to kind of help mix in the ingredients a little bit there. You don't have to get fancy with it. Let me just cook stir for a few seconds. Corporate it all. And if you want to get special, you can add like a one or a orange, wea orange wedge. I just like to cut a little tiny orange and use that to garnish it. And that is how you make a hair-enable. Super simple, super good. Like I said, if you're getting started with alcohol, great starter drink. It doesn't get much more simple than this. The Hair-enable, almost called a fuzzy-enable. The Hair-enable is a great drink. You know, it's citrusy. There's a small bit of peach in there. It really doesn't have a very high alcohol taste to it, if at all. This drink, to me this is something like my mom would drink when she was at a wedding. So I consider it like someone who doesn't drink very often, maybe an older person like this is just a great starter drink. Speaking of starter drinks, if you're just getting started with alcohol, you might want to click on my logo over there, subscribe to the channel, get all of my updates, and check out the playlist up there to see even more drinks with vodka. Thanks for watching this, guys. Remember it's okay to drink like an idiot.