 Alright, so we're doing hot water cornbread. I first tried this, what was it, Clearview Lunchroom on Jack on the Go channel. You haven't seen my second channel, I have another channel where I do restaurant reviews. And it was soul food in Murphy's Barot Tennessee and they had hot water cornbread and it tasted completely different than regular cornbread and I've been excited to make it ever since. So we're going to do it right now. Super easy. Let's hope it comes out okay. You ready? Come on in close. Now as you can see over here, I've got my cast iron pan and the oils right next to it. I'm ready to put in about, I guess about an inch or two. It needs to be halfway filled up with oil. We're going to fry up our cornbread in a cast iron pan. Alright, so here I got some leftover bacon grease from the last video, I'm not using it all. Just a few tablespoons in the oil as we fry up our cornbread, it's an option. Sugar is also an option, you don't have to put sugar in it. I got a little bit of sugar to sweeten it. I like cornbread sweet, some people just like it normal. I like a sweet edge on it. This little bit of salt, yellow cornmeal, this is going to be two cups of boiling water when we put it into the mix. Okay, as you can see, we're heating up our oil, it's about halfway up. The skillet, I'm going to take two tablespoons, roughly. There we go. That's going to dissolve in the oil as it heats up. I'm going to add a little bit of a flavor to it. You don't have to do this step. You can just use clean oil. You can use coconut oil if you want to go really healthy. You can go peanut oil if you can afford it. Right now I'm just using vegetable oil and a little bit of bacon fat. Okay, now I have two bowls. The first bowl is going to be to do my mix. This bowl is going to be to wet my hands. You're going to want one water in this for later when you wet your hands before you touch the batter. Okay, so then stick your fingers and it works out nice. So I'll show you how that works. Right now, let's start with bowl number one. Let's mix all our dry ingredients. Cornmeal, salt, and let's go ahead and get in there. And sugar, it's about all I want to use. Just gently incorporate it all together. Here we go. Water was boiling in the microwave. So now we're going to mix this in. Okay, so that wasn't enough. I'm going to need to put in more water. It said the rest we said to cups, I'll adjust the bottom, but we need more water. That's not creamy yet. Okay, so we're going to pour more water in here. Using my fork. Give me a second to change gears here. All right, so set this off. It's burning hot. Be careful. Set this off to the side and then fill this with just regular sink warm water. Okay, I dropped some in and I forgot to hit record. So let's show you this again. I'm going to wet my hands over here in the bowl. I'm going to grab a handful of dough and I'm just going to shape it. You can do patties, you can do rolls, you can do squares, you can do whatever you want. I shape it into that and I just drop it in. That's kind of the shape that it was at the restaurant I went to. They were kind of long, oblong looking. All right, so when it starts to look good, you'll feel firm on the outside. Start to get that golden brown, pop them out on a paper towel. I got a paper towel over here and then put in some more. So I'm going to cook these up. See that one looks like it's almost done. I'm going to take that one out right now. All right, there it is, hot water cornbread. Little tiny bacon bits up over in the bacon grease. I use two tablespoons so it should give a little bit of a bacon-y flavor. One thing I like to do is get in real close. I'm going to show you I did one like a flat kind of a patty type and I did one kind of like that, the kind that got at the restaurant. I'm just going to break it open. Look at that good golden, loveliness. Perfectly cooked. We can see little trickles of steam coming out. I love that. I set that there and then let's see how this one did. Also steam, beautiful, gorgeous. Let's try it. Before I try this, I want to make sure you guys know a few things. My Teriyaki is now available on Walmart. It's stocked on Walmart.com. If you live in anyone in the USA, you can buy a material up here right now at Walmart.com. Link down below. Number two, a lot of you don't know. I have two other channels. I've got the restaurant review channel Jack on the go. You can check that out. That's where I travel all over and try different foods. Pizza, burgers, sushi, fuff. We do it all. Then I got a vlogging channel kind of a day, daily. It's not daily, but every so often I have a feeling I want to share. It's more personal. Subscribe to those channels. Give it a try. Just a hint of the bacon. I mean very little. Just on the outside. Crunching the outside. Moist on the inside. It's absolutely amazing. Not sweet though. I don't think I'm going to use sugar next time. No reason to do. There's a little sweetness. I actually eat it. All right, it's awesome. It's good. You can do them however you want. You can do them long ways. You can do them balls. You can do them flat. You can do anything you want. Check it out. It's hot water cornbread. And it's really heavy and dense. It's not flaky and airy like regular cornbread. This is my favorite cornbread right here. I'll see you in the next episode. Take care. Bye.