 Hi everybody! In this video I want to share with you my recipe, it's not my just mine, it's our national traditional food which we make from rice, carrot and meat. Here's the meat, I'm gonna use here lamb. You can use as you see I cut it on the medium pieces because when your food is done, we're gonna collect the meat and we can cut it on small pieces and put it on the middle. But if you cut it on very small pieces, it's gonna be very hard to find. But if you don't wanna put them in the middle, cut on small pieces and your food will be done faster. So now we're gonna put some oil and you can use any oil and it's just approximately how much you need. You will see, not much maybe half cup or less even then half cup. It depends on how much you make and if you like oily food or no. For example, but this half cup oil. So now we're gonna put meat and when our oil gets very hard and when you just fry the meat and while all this happening I wanna tell you that the most important ingredient in this food is meat and you can use here only lamb. And then cow meat, beef I mean or goat meat. And never use chicken because chicken and the meat wanna be done together with rice in one pot. And as you know chicken gives a special taste and it's not gonna taste good when rice work together with the chicken. Many types of dishes when you eat rice with chicken. In most cases chicken was cooked separately from rice and just they can add chicken, ready chicken to the rice. So it's also made them related. But here we're just gonna cook all together in one pot and just use beef, lamb or goat. I'm using lamb now. And I wanna tell something I was using I'm using very oily, fat meat but when this fat done in this kind of food it tastes very very delicious. And let me show you what I prepared. We're gonna add there garlic. As you see I just filled some trash from the top and I left all this together. We're gonna put whole garlic inside the food and I will show you when. And here I took just small bell peppers, small ones and I filled them up with the meat, with ground meat and onions. And this is all optional. And we're gonna add the cumin seeds. A cumin seeds are very important. They give special taste to the rice. So never forget about cumin seeds. And when I'm gonna put all of it we're just gonna take a pinch and let's it. So I prepared the onions. This is just one and half onions I cut it but you're not gonna fill any onions in this food because we're gonna fry onions very hard to, because onions will give the red color to our food. And this is gonna be very beautiful and delicious. And also I cut, you can cut onions on any sizes. Just cut them like this smaller, not big because you don't wanna fill onions in the rice. And you're not gonna even find them when all the food is done. But we put here three carrots, three huge carrots and they cut them like this kind of small steaks. They're not very small, bigger. And in the food they're gonna get smaller because we're gonna fry them very hard. And the carrot gives very delicious taste to the rice. So as you see it's a lot. According to my hand it's a lot and a huge plate. And we're gonna put all our food, not all, maybe half of it on this dish at the end. And you will see how it looks like. And this is the carrot. You just can cut it on hand. And they're not very skinny. I recommend to cut them like this big pieces. Your food will look beautiful and also will be very tender because carrot gonna get so very, very soft and delicious and will give beautiful color. Also we're gonna add chickpeas. Chickpeas. As you see I put them in the water in the morning and now it's lunch. Three or four hours in the water and I add a little bit of pinch of soda, baking soda because it helps to chickpeas to get bigger and get done in the food very fast. You need to put them in the water for a few hours. Just a chickpeas and this is about half small, half cup, half big cup or one of this cup. And the other thing we're gonna add is raisins. I'm gonna add here if you type of raisins. I have yellow ones, black ones and red ones. I just add them for beauty. And if you don't like raisins you may not add them. It's just raisins, chickpeas and this is optional. And this is all optional. The most important ingredient is me, oil, rice and carrot. Now we're gonna fry meat until it gets very, very hot. And then I will come back to it. I'll make it very, very red and kind of getting dark as you see. So we're gonna add now onions. And try them again, hot, hot because all this will give beautiful color to our food and will taste very delicious. The onions we're gonna fry until we're gonna get very, very red. That red. We first fry meat about for 10 minutes. And this was enough. Meat by itself just about 10 minutes and we add onions. We're gonna fry onions. It gives very delicious taste. You just don't feel that. But if you're frying, you're gonna like it. And we're frying it at the beginning. It was on very, very high because we're gonna be putting meat in very hot oil. So it can get done faster. And then we can put on medium and high and when you add onions, put on again on high. And I wanted to prepare some water in a tipper to make it hot, ready. You also can put hot, cold water. But the hot water will just, with a fastened or the preparation of your food. Now onions and got red. So we're gonna put now carrot. This is the next ingredient. We need to add there. We're gonna put all the carrot and fry it again. Together with meat and onions. It's gonna get very soft and kind of red. We'll give red orange color to our food. We're cooking this food and we don't add any coloring stuff in there. Sometimes you see yellow rice because they put something there to make it yellow. But this food doesn't require any of this. The food will get its beautiful natural color from the ingredients. So now we just need to fry our carrots. Maybe for 15 minutes. You will see it and I'm frying all this now on high. Just when you put onions, don't put on high. Put on medium high. So it doesn't burn right away. Because if you don't want it to be burned, you want it to be red. And now carrot because it's kind of hard, the product is not very soft like onions. So we're gonna put it on high. And when our carrot is done, we're gonna add another ingredient, water and stuff. I will tell you what to do next. Now we're gonna put salt and here's how much we need to put there. It's about 1 spoon without top. And you can add a little bit if you're cooking some more. Not one cup of rice. If you cook 2-3, you'll need to put some more salt. And we're gonna add now chickpeas. We washed them because they wasn't water and had a little bit soda. We just washed them wash the water out. And all the chickpeas inside. And we just need to put water to cover what we have here. And when we add rice, if we need more water, we will add more. Now as you see, it looks like a soup. And we're gonna put garlic. That's whole garlic inside. And we add the bell peppers, which is filled with ground beef and onions. I use about 2 tablespoons of ground beef and half of onions. You don't need to put a lot because that's so too small. And just cover everything and leave it because it's all needs to be boiled. About 30 minutes. After 30 minutes, I will come back. Now our food is getting ready. It's already boiling, but for 7-10 minutes. And now we're gonna soak the rice. When you just wash out the extra rice flour, because it's gonna make it sticky if you don't do it. But if you wash it, when the food is done, each rice will be like one by one pieces. So separate from each other. And this is what we want. Just need to wash out the flour. And then leave our rice in one water for about 15-20 minutes until our food is boiling. And then we're gonna add rice in it. Like this, 3-4 times wash the rice, get the white flour out and then just leave it. It says there is no more white flour in it. You see? It is the rice. And this is enough. Now we're gonna just wait. The rice will be done. We'll get a little bit bigger and we'll absorb a little bit of water. And when we put inside of the food, it will get the shape and will be very beautiful. Now we're gonna take our garlic and pepper filled with ground beef and onions out, because they're already done. Our meat was boiling for 30 minutes. So we already tried it and it's already soft, because it was on big pieces and they got done fast. There was frying and then boiling for 30 minutes. So it's enough time. We're gonna take everything out. Only pepper and garlic. And we're gonna add the rice, which we saw before. We're gonna add the raisins and cumin seeds with rice. Put raisins. You don't have to put a lot because it's kind of salty, second dish and you don't want it to be too sweet. I don't put all this stuff every time, just so I can add something one. Or I add boiled eggs. But now we added garlic and peppers and chickpeas with raisins just to show how the food can look like with all this stuff together. And also you can add their boiled eggs, just boiled one or two eggs while all this cooking boiled another dish in the water. And curry then on small pieces and put on top of everything is ready. But we're gonna put just this. We'll put rice. And cumin seeds. Not all of it, just a sweet pinch and just mash it a little bit. So just with hand or if you have something, some other tools, just like this. And garlic on top. And just close it. Close it completely so the steam stays inside because we have enough water so we didn't add more. But we're gonna check it after 5-10 minutes. If we need some more water, we will add. But by now it's enough. So we close it and you need to use something and cover with cover to close it so steam stays inside and make this done. So we wait now for 10-15 minutes. We're gonna check between after 10 minutes if rice is done so we can all because deep rice can be different and some rice needs 20 minutes and some rice already, some kind of rice already done in 10 minutes. So we're gonna wait. Our food cut done and we'll switch off the stove. So now we're gonna take out the meat. Take out the garlic and meat. And as you see here I took one garlic and I peeled it. It's already soft. One whole and other is peeled. It was too garlic. And this already done. I'm gonna go and show you this before. And the garlic you can keep two whole garlics but I like to show you one whole and one and already open. So you can do any of this way. Taking the meat out and then we're gonna mix everything. As you remember we put everything by raw. I don't mean by raw. Just we put first the chickpeas and then we put all the raisins and rice was on the top. So we need to mix our rice now with all the ingredients. I'll meat wasn't cut it on big pieces. It was like medium and while cooking the meat gets smaller, always when you cook any food. So we're not gonna cut it. Just gonna put whole pieces because they're not too big on the top of the rice. But by now we need to get it out so we can mix everything. And I wanna show you all the process how to do that. Take it, mix it, how to put all the rice on the plate and how to decorate it. I think we took all the meat out. I'm just mixing and putting everything on the plate. Rice, carrot, as you see carrot gets so small and let me show you how small is the carrot now. As you remember it was huge big pieces and now it's just small, small pieces. And as you see different colors of raisins and the chickpeas they give different colors to the food. So it's not just plain rice because it's not interesting to eat it and not that delicious. So the rice is, we put rice everything. And we're gonna put our peppers on top and garlic and pieces of small garlic. And here's how our food looks like. I think it's very beautiful and looks delicious and open any appetite. Garlic, meat, meat and peppers. Very beautiful and very delicious. We also prepared the salad and the salad. I'm gonna look like that. Just tomato, cut tomato, the little bit of cabbage, I mean the lettuce and onions. Put some salt and just mix it. I hope you like the food I cooked and the recipe and it's not very hard. You can learn it by watching this video. Thank you for watching this video and watch my other videos. Thank you.