 If you have kind of a situation like us, RV living, sometimes you're boondocking. You know, you have clothes that are piling up and piling up to get to a laundry room. I would suggest you give this a try. It's an excellent washing machine. So, I'm super excited because I just got my washing machine in the mail. And it could not come at a better time because my boys went out and got dirty in the mud. I've just been so frustrated lately with like wondering, oh when am I going to get to a laundry mat? I'd have piles and piles of... And it's not just dirty clothes. Like dirty clothes I can handle. But when you have like wet towels and wet clothes that the kids are constantly getting into wet things and mud and stuff like that. So first of all, this is my new washing machine. And I'm going to open it for the first time for you guys. I have not opened it yet. It's called a washing wand. Basically it sucks the water in. And then when you push down it pushes the water through your clothes effectively cleaning in the fibers. And it has really good reviews saying that it... oh it's really sturdy plastic. It's like... what do you call this kind of plastic? It's not rubber, but it's like a really heavy duty, heavy plastic. It's super sturdy. It's not like... it's not hollow. It's a solid. I'm assuming that this screws on to here. So there's two of these. And I have to figure out how they go together. How it should read the directions. So much. Then there's this bottom part and see how it has like this. It's kind of like a vent on the bottom. And then you've got these little holes and this is where the water gets sucked up in there and then pushes back through here somehow. And so we'll see how that works. I thought about getting the Wonder Wash, but it was more expensive and it takes up more space. So there it is. That's my new washing machine. And then I decided to spend the bulk of my washing money on the dryer because there's nothing worse than actually getting your clothes washed and clean and then not being able to get them dry. The laundry alternative and this is the Nina Soft Spin Dryer. It's pretty big. It's going to be going in our shower. Look at this thing. It's got a handle on it. Wow. So there it is. So you take your freshly washed laundry and you put it in here and then there's a spout down here where you place a bowl and all of the water gets spun out of there. So we're going to give all this stuff a try because I have a bucket full of muddy. I mean, we're talking caked with mud, jeans, t-shirts, socks. I mean, they are filthy filthy. So I got this bucket at Target last night and it was $7 and changed. Really good price. Some people use a 5 gallon bucket for this. But I have a very large family. And as you can see, I've got like half the bucket filled up with muddy clothes just from yesterday. So we're going to go with this big bucket. I'm going to go ahead and fill it. And I'm going to put in this oxyclean that I also got from Amazon. This oxyclean versatile. And this had the best stain removal rating. So I'm going to put a little of that and some laundry soap and I'm going to let it sit for probably about 15 or 20 minutes before I get to trying my washing ones. So come back and I'll show you how it works. I'm going to use kind of a regular and not a laundry soap because this is actually a pretty large load that I have going on in here. I might have to try again sometime with a smaller load if this one doesn't seem to get clean because this actually is, I got quite a bit of clothes in here. So I'll use as much soap as I typically use for the full load of laundry. I'm going to do a big scoop of oxyclean. So I got to mix stuff with the oxyclean and we're going to now let it sit. I'm going to do 30 minutes because this stuff is really, really cake with mud and I really don't want to end up with stains. So we'll see how it works. So this has been soaking in detergent and oxyclean for 30 minutes now and I'm going to go ahead and I've tried it out once already. You can see. But it's actually pretty cool. You can see like, you can hear like, you can hear like definite like, push and look at the water. Look how gross. You're still as mussels, babe. Yeah. I mean, I might get some like really great arms doing this. Body by Shivana. Body by laundry. So I did a first rinse and you can see it still is super, super dirty water. Next time I think I will kind of soak them in oxyclean overnight and dump that out and kind of rinse the clothes off under running water before I even start a technical wash load that may help. So I don't know if it's making any difference about it, but I feel like it is. So I have to mention that here at the campground that we're at since we refill the water tank and the water is really slippery. I don't know whether that means it's hard water or it's been water softened or what, but it's really super slippery. And so I think that that makes it hard to get all the soap and stuff out of the clothes. But I am happy to say that it seems like now that the water is running clear, the pants, the jeans that had that grounded mud, they actually look really clean. So I'm going to go ahead and spin them in the spin dryer. I'm going to show you how that works. And then I'll show you how clean the pants are. Work here is a pants in here. And so just like in a regular washing machine, which also spins, you have to make sure that everything is balanced or it will get off-fought. So you kind of like line it up around the edge just like you were in a washing machine. It's like a mini washing machine that just spins. It doesn't produce any heat. It just spins your clothes to a point where they're dry enough to hang them on the line and be dry in just an hour or two if you've got good sun. So I'm filling it like really full even. Like all the way to the top of the actual basket. You can see in there. I filled it all the way up. I mean it's full. And then I'm going to put this little safety disc in on top of the clothes. And this just keeps the clothes from flying out at 100 miles per hour. And so it's already plugged into the wall. And so as soon as I hit shut on this, it's going to start spinning. And I'm just going to hold it for a second until it gets a good balance. Which it already is. So I mean I loaded it really well. And then the water just comes flying out for a large load. Like as many as I have in there, four to five minutes. And basically you just let it go until there's nothing coming out of the bottom anymore. It's pretty much slowed down to just a drop or two. So I'm going to go ahead and open it. You just open this latch and it turns off by itself. And it stops. And then you take a little safety disc out of there. So these ones are wrigglies. They have faded knees. And they do have some staining that has just been there. But the cuffs were where it was like just really just mud caked on. And they're pretty good. But no mud stains. No mud left behind. Everything's clean. Smells clean definitely. Which is a good thing. It's because something smells clean though. It doesn't mean that it's clean. And I kind of like this way of doing the laundry because you can truly see when the water is running clear. And you don't have even small amounts of dirt left behind in your clothes that it's going to build up and make your clothes start to look dingy. So this is also a way for us to make our lives a little simpler. Even then what they are, we have extra clothes on hand because I don't know when we're going to get to a laundry mat sometimes. Sometimes it's just not convenient. It's not close. We only have one car. Our tent has to be somewhere. You know, there's lots of factors that work into there. But this way I can actually do laundry every single day. And we can have very minimal clothes that we have to keep on hand. Because we actually will be able to wash them. So it's a great thing. I think this is great for people who are living the full time RV or even van life. If you've got electricity that you can plug your dryer into, the dryer is super helpful. But it's not necessary. You know, the simplicity of this washing machine is self-power. It allows you to see your laundry, to see when it's getting clean. And it's super portable for those who are like us who are on the road and who need the option. So I mean, I think it's a win so far. I might change my mind after I'm like working out every day. But I don't know. Like I said earlier, I might get some muscle out of this. I don't mind it. It's not bad at all. So now I'm going to go hang stuff on the line and we'll see how long it takes to dry. So I've used my washing wand a couple more times. And I just kind of wanted to give you an update from the initial unboxing and the initial first use. I still love it. I'm excited to continue using it. The only thing is, and you probably noticed this, I used way too much soap. I used way too much oxyclean. The next time that I used it, I used more like a tablespoon of each. And it was perfectly fine. It got things clean. There was that kind of slippery water situation. And so it helped it to not get quite so soapy. And it still got the clothes really, really clean. In fact, I would say that clothes are now using this, getting cleaner than they would in a washing machine. So I really love how it works. The dryer works amazing. I can put stuff on the line and you'll see, you saw in the pictures that I, well, Trent did this for me. And it was genius. He's strong bungee cords across our little awning arms. And so I'll hang with clothes pins from those. And they dry within an hour, less than an hour, most of the time. So I really, really love it. Really excited about it. If you have kind of a situation like us, RV living, sometimes you're boondocking. You know, you have clothes that are piling up and piling up to get to a laundry room. I would suggest you give this a try. It's an excellent washing machine. All you need is this and some kind of bucket and water and soap. And then you can hang things out to dry just kind of by ringing them out. It'll take a little longer to dry. But if you do have just even a household power source, even plugged in with an extension cord or something, you can plug your dryer into and get things super dry like I do. But anyways, if you are looking for something like this, if you're considering like Wonderwash or any of the other kinds of things, any of the other kind of like hand-powered washing machines out there, check this one out. You can get it on Amazon and I'll link it down below. I will also link the dryer down below. And you can find both of those on amazon.com. You can also get the oxyclean. I think it works really great and gets things nice and clean. So thank you guys for watching. I hope you enjoyed this review. I hope it was helpful. And just be on the lookout for more helpful reviews. We don't do like a whole lot of RV stuff. But when I find something that I like that is really helpful for this lifestyle or for a large family lifestyle, I'm gonna let you guys know. Bye!