 We're going to give you a couple of ideas on how to clean your driveway. With the wet season and the amount of rainfall we do get, algae does grow quite prolifically. So as you can see down here we have a driveway that's got quite a lot of build up on it, gets very slippery when it gets wet. We'll start with the chemical cleaner and we'll start from the bottom and work our way to the top spraying the cleaner on top. Reason you do it that way around is so that you don't get streak marks coming down. If you're using the chemical cleaner you'll kill the root system in there as well. Once that's in place we'll then start with the pressure cleaner starting from the top and working down. The pressure cleaner will get it clean in a much faster way. With the water blasters you have the straight nozzle on it which is good for cleaning small areas so it gets an intense blast of water on there. For a driveway such as this we'll be using the patio cleaner. So what it does it actually has the rotating. Nose is on it which will clean your wider area in a single pass, much quicker job. Doing a properly looking at a couple of hours, a bit of time with the cleaner going on first and then a good couple of hours with the pressure cleaner going over it. This chemical cleaner has with all chemicals, there is a list of instructions on there from your manufacturer. Don't take shortcuts with it. Always follow the instructions that are on the package. As in any situation when you're using chemicals the proper safety equipment must be adhered to. So good pair of boots, safety glasses are always good to have plus protective gloves. With the 30 second cleaner you can get one of these power nozzles which basically it just takes place in this, it's in there and it's battery operated. So if you don't have to sit there and pump it you just pull the trigger in a way it goes. Okay before you start basically your best start to have a look at your driveway. If you've got a lot of leaf litter on the driveway try and clear as much of it off as possible as it can leave areas where the chemical doesn't get to. What we do we start from the bottom and work our way to the top. Once it starts killing off the algae it gets a bit of an orangey tinge to it which means the chemical is starting to work. With the 30 second chemical it doesn't mean it's worked within 30 seconds that means that how long it takes before it starts working. What we're going to do now we're going to change over the nozzle on this and put on the patio cleaning nozzle. So we just basically click that one off put the extension nozzle on and fit this one onto it. So before you then have it operating on the bigger brushes. And then it's just the case of your staff on the top you're above the cleaner and you're working your way down. So sweeping back and forth working down the driveway. A couple of reasons why you stay on the high side is one you're going to be on clean ground. You're not going to be slippery. Two you're not going to get all the rubbish all over your feet. As you can see we're just a small amount that we've done it is coming up very nice and clean. The chemical is working quite well with the pressure cleaner. So there you go as you can see from the results it's taken a little bit of time but it's been worth it. This is a concrete drive but if we've been doing it on a paved driveway or expose aggregate driveway all would have come up just as good. From experience I've found this has been the most effective way to clean a concrete driveway.