 Good day, welcome to Pay It Forward. Today's tutorial I'm going to be showing you with the help of my little chihuahua cupi, how to add a little bow, a pretty little bow to your existing dog collar. Now you can make these up in any sizes, just the size of your dog. This one today we're going to be making for a little toy breed or a puppy. So let me show you how it's done. So today I'm going to show you how to make a little bow for a collar, the size of my little chihuahua cupi, which is quite small. So I'm actually using a little kitten collar. So these little collars are fairly inexpensive and it's just the right leg for her and it's nice and narrow for adding our bow. The measurement that you need for, you will need two pieces of cut ribbon. Make sure that your ribbon is a fairly substantial, sort of a weight. I actually have fused two pieces of ribbon together using my heat and bond. So I've just added my heat and bond and joined some grow grain with a decorative polyester ribbon there and that's given me a nice a heavier weight ribbon. So you'll need two lengths that are cut exactly to measure 18 centimeters for those. You'll then need some centering ribbon. I'm using 10mm today because I'm actually going to be adding a buckle slider in the center. That's optional, but it's just a way to sort of add a bit of fling there. So that's a 10mm. The ribbon width that I'm using is 1 inch ribbon or 2.5 centimeters. You'll need some hot glue and you'll need to burn the edges of your two cut ribbon, which is what we start with with our gas lighter. Just a burning tool will be fine. It's just to stop those edges fraying. So treat both of those ends there. So to begin with, we're going to need and we'll also need our twisty ties to hold the center. So to start with now that we've burnt those edges, we're going to fold and make an overlap to make our bow loop. Our overlap is around about three centimeters here. So what we're trying to achieve is a bow front of about six centimeters. So it's a good idea to actually push that one down and actually measure it with your ruler and check that you've got that right because they both have to match up. So it's just a matter of getting that all neat and tidy there. And then we're going to fold that one in. So in half in the center and then back on itself either side. So half back. So our fold is neatly pinched right in the center and pop those little loops backwards. I like to hold that with my little twisty tie. It just makes it easier for putting it all together. Really fold that one down. Clamp that down nice and tight. Make sure that that's nice and even and then we just repeat the process with the second one. So there you can see we have our two little tuxedo bows folded down into place. Now our next step is to have our two twisty ties ready and we're simply going to join those two together and we will bind those together right in the center over those ties with our other twisty tie. And there you can see my two tuxedo bows held together by that twisty tie in the middle and I've just trimmed those twisty ties and made the whole bow front pressed it down. Got all the loops into the right position to make sure it's nice and even either side and then we just have to use our hot glue to apply it to our collar. Now I find that the the little bow sits nicely on the back of the neck, on the back of the dog's neck. So I'm going to position that about halfway down. Cute this little collar. Do try it on your dog first and decide where you want that bow to sit. So I'm just going to use my hot glue right on that position and glue that little bow into place. So just some hot glue on the back. Just a little ways out and that stops you having to fiddle. Make sure that's nicely centered. And just pop that line on. We're going to bind that bow onto that collar so this is really just to make it easier for when we do that. So make sure that's pressed down nice and firm and give that a moment. And now we use our centering ribbon to go around the center. So we start from behind and we add just a little bit of glue right where that center of that bow sits. And we just get that little piece held into place. With that one on my moment. And because I'm using a buckle slider, I'm first going to go around to that bow once before I go around the second time and add my buckle slider. So just some glue on the front there. All that centering ribbon down nice and firm. Better to do it bit by bit. All good. If you're not adding a buckle slider or a bit of a bit of slider at all, of course all you need to do is wrap around the bow twice. So I'm just going to let that just dry just for a moment. So now that that's dry you can see that I've added my buckle slider to that ribbon so that I can pull that over and glue that down. Check that your slider is in the right position. And you can see while we do it bit by bit it's much easier to get everything in the right spot. And we add our glue. We make sure that that buckle's buckle slider is going to be well secured. Pull that one down nice and firm. Make sure it's lined up well over the previous wrap. Holding that one down. All you hot glue strings off, that'll all dry and come off. Flip that one over and then you can have a look and see that you just need to trim off your ribbon. Hold your thumb and then just trim off your ribbon so that we get it ending about just across half way. So I'll just smear that one off and my last bit of hot glue will go on that edge. Right to the edge. And we want that to be quite nice and neat and tidy against the little dog's neck so there's no irritation at all. You find if you just give that a moment then you can press that hot glue down and we get our lovely clean edge. Take a bit of time to remove all the little bits of glue strings that we tend to get with hot glue. And you can see that our end result is a really lovely little bow. We want our collar. Try that one on cubie. There we go. Now remember that you can make this up in all sorts of different sizes for your larger dogs. All you need to do is just obviously increase the width of your ribbon and the length of your ribbon but just make it up in the same way and you can make them up quite large to fit your larger breeds. Just check that the centre is going to work for folding over your collar. Well I hope you've enjoyed making this little bow with cubie and eye today. If you have perhaps you could give this video a thumbs up that would be beautiful. Remember to subscribe because I've got lots of little puppy projects for you to make up. Most of all remember to pay it forward because everybody can and until next time it's too remove from us.