 What did you remember gang welcome back. Yep. This is going to be a cooking video. You did and I previously did a video cooking with my mom and we did the faux or fake buffalo wings using colic flower and you guys have so much to say I was like why not start like a little cooking series and create a playlist here on my channel. So I'm going to be doing chicken pot pie in this video. So a couple of things that you're going to need is the veg all that you guys see here in this shot. You're also going to need either cream of celery or cream of mushroom soup by Campbell's. You're going to need some chicken breast, the pills buried deep dish pies and a couple of seasonings but I'm going to show you guys all of the seasonings within the video. So yeah let's get started. This is the veg all that I'm using. You guys notice that it says mix vegetables because when you go to the store they do have different kinds so make sure you choose the one that says mix vegetables. You're also going to need some soup. I'm using the cream of celery in this video but if you guys don't like that soup you can use cream of mushroom. I think they have cream of chicken. They have a couple of cream soups. You could choose any of those that you like. I'm going to be using four cans, two cans of the veg all. This recipe is to make three chicken pot pies. You guys see this is kind of thick but that is a good thing because you want your filling to be thick. And of course you're going to need some chicken breast. Now you guys I don't normally choose the tenderloins because they cook a lot faster than the chicken breast. So go ahead and grab you a deep pie. In my house we call these like the chili bean pie, the soup pie, whatever big deep pie that you use to make like homemade super chili. Yeah get that. And then you can take either your chicken breast or your chicken tenderloins which everyone you prefer to use with the tenderloins you don't have to worry about really cutting it into small pieces. And again I think that the tenderloins cook a lot faster than those thick pieces of chicken breast. So go ahead and fill your pie up with the tenderloins and you're going to put this on a boil for about an hour. We don't really use salt in my house so instead of salt I am going to be using accents. And to boost that chicken flavor I'm also going to be using the bouillon by walnuts in the chicken flavor. I normally don't measure out my seasonings. I just put it in there and kind of freestyle until I feel like it's just what's needed. So you want to put the bouillon along with the accent inside of the water with the chicken. And then of course turn it up to a boil, stir those seasonings up in there. Make sure it gets to the bottom because you want this flavor to seep into the chicken. You don't want to bite into your chicken pie pie and the chicken just taste bland. So stir that together turn it on boil. And again allow for it to boil for about an hour. I prefer for my chicken. If it's cooked and it's not falling apart when I take it out of the water to me it hasn't boiled long enough. So that's why I say an hour. And the way that you could test whether or not is soft enough is if you put your fork inside of the chicken and the pieces just fall apart then you know you pretty much got to the point where you don't have to put in as much work as far as cutting the chicken once it has completely cooked. Now while the chicken is boiling you want to go ahead and take your veg y'all multiple vegetable mixture along with your cream of celery or whatever type of soup you decide to use for your chicken pie pie and you want to mix these ingredients together. So I am mixing a total of two cans of veg y'all along with three cans because I'm going to leave one of the cans out just in case the fourth can is kind of like just in case I didn't get enough. But I'm going to mix those two cans of veg y'all three cans of the cream of celery soup by Campbell's and I'm going to mix this all in together. Now the thing with the cream of celery or any type of cream soup is really thick. So one thing if you don't like it too thick you can add just a small amount of water because you don't want to add too much water and you end up with like a liquidy watery filling for your crust for your pot pie because then it's not going to cook right and it's not going to have that crisp flakyness that most people like with pot pie. Your go with the vegetables and the soup is to make sure all of the vegetables are completely coated with the soup you guys will see that I actually went back and added about half of a can of the fourth can and a little bit of water because it was just a tad bit too thick. You don't want to be so thick that you choke when you're eating your pie. So just a little bit more soup and just a little pinch of water. Now of course we want our mixture to be flavorful as well. So I'm using the McCormick perfect pinch vegetable seasoning oh my gosh y'all you can use this seasoning on any vegetables it tastes awesome on green beans corn on the cob this just makes your vegetables taste super good. So make sure you go and pick that up as well and you could just sprinkle this throughout your mixture and then of course you're going to mix all of these things in. Again I normally don't measure out my seasoning but you could take a little bit on the tip of your fork and just you know dab it and taste it and see if you like it if so no need to add any more. So now my chicken has completely cooked and you guys will see once I put it on the cut and board that this chicken is pretty much falling apart that's the reason why I said leave it in there for at least an hour or until you start noticing that the chicken is falling apart within the pan because then it won't take you as long you know us ladies we get busy we got to run the house so we got to work we got to take care of kids we don't have all day to be making a meal and this is a full course meal and it doesn't take even 30 minutes to make. So you do want to cut up all of your chicken or shred all of your chicken and then you're going to be adding this to your vegetable and soup mixture. Okay and of course you want to mix everything together now you guys this is where that fourth can of soup actually comes in handy once you mix in your chicken um if you find that is super duper thick this is where you can add that fourth can of soup or half can of the fourth can this is where you can add the extra soup just to make sure that it's not too thick again you don't want it to be so thick that you're like choking um your pot pile when you eat it. Okay so everything is mixed together you made sure that your mixture was nice and seasoned now you could take your pills berry pie crust I like to use the deep dish because you know you want to put as much mixture as possible again the chicken pot pie is pretty much a full course meal now these always come with two pie crusts within the package so one of the pie crusts will be for the bottom and the second pie crust will be for the top. So you could just use this paper to separate the pies now you guys do not take your pie crust out of the freezer until you're ready to put your mixture in because you want to make sure that the pie crust is still frozen. so you could take some of your mixture and of course you want to fill in your bottom pie crust all the way to the top even if it's kind of like running over you just want to make sure that the pie crust is completely filled. Once you have filled up the bottom pie crust then you could take your top piece for your pie crust and you want to kind of separate it from the actual alone of pan now of course I told you guys you want to make sure that this is still frozen so the way that you lift up the ends that I find easy is if you could just wet your fingers in the water or kind of adapt some water along the edges of the pie crust it'll start become really soft and it'll make it easier for you to lift it from the aluminum pan and it's okay if it breaks you could fix that with water and then you want to take that pie crust and you want to sit it directly on top of the bottom you know take your time taking this out if you try to move too fast it probably will crack and break sometimes I do it but you know it really don't matter the more pie crust I feel like the better I like a whole lot of pie crusts on my piece when I eat chicken pie pie we actually argue over the crust I ain't lying now once it's actually sitting on the top you want to take some water again place it on your fingers and you see how I'm pinching the edges together the way you do that is to kind of wet the edges of the pie crust again it's gonna become soft and it's gonna make it super easy for you to just press these pieces together this make sure that you don't have any type of filling leaking out the size and everything is within the pie crust now you guys see where it was kind of torn or broken you could just take some water with that piece and again just pinch it together you could pinch all the holes together and yo this is really simple right if you're perfectionist you probably don't like the top of my pie crusts it's all wrinkled but that's okay like again I like it so what I normally do with the top I just press it into the bottom portion of the pie this really remind me of those little pies that be on the cartoon with the cherries in it and it be like sitting in the window y'all remember that scene from life where he stole the pie from the window yeah I think one of those pies I bet that pie was good too it's even better when you ain't supposed to get it so yeah once you press in all of the pie crust you're pretty much done you could go ahead and set this in the oven for about 45 minutes or until it browns and I normally put mine on about 350 degrees I don't like for it to cook too fast so you got about an hour to yourself what I normally do is catch up on some tea that's my girl now you can rest you work hard and kick your feet up grab you a glass of wine I like to watch like softball movies I just love aliens and vampires and world up so yeah this is what I end up watching and then I'm gonna go in and check on my pie now my pie crust is only slightly like brown you guys I actually like for my food to be burnt a little bit but my son told me you know it can actually cause cancer when you black in or burn your food so yeah whichever way you like to go pie crust to look it's up to you it could be darker brown or light golden brown and this is pretty much it you guys you got a full course meal depending on how many pies you make or how many slices the people in your house tend to get when you guys do eat it probably last you for maybe two days so you should have some leftovers and you couldn't pretty much just cut this like you would a normal pie now with the chicken pie pie you really don't have to make any size so if you decide to that part is up to you but chicken pie pie is pretty much bread you have your vegetables and you have your meat all into one now one thing I do want to say is that I choose to use the pills berry pie crust because it's the only crust that I have found that actually becomes flaky when you cook it and that little flaky part is what I am in love with when it comes to the crust for chicken pie pie I probably should have waited for this pie to cool down because it's too hot and you guys can see that it's just breaking apart but I mean once you put it in your mouth it's all the same this is just one of my favorites this is a really southern down home meal but it's a full course meal in the pie crust that's my favorite part so you guys a quick easy full course meal I hope you guys enjoyed this video if you have any suggestions on you know meals you may want to see from me although I already have plenty make sure you place them down below hopefully this video was helpful for you guys you need a quick easy meal to cook or you know some ideas maybe you could use this come back and let me know if you tried this recipe and let me know how it turned out for you I love you guys and I'll see you in the next video juices