 Hey guys, welcome back to HGTV Handmade. Today I want to show you how to create faux mercury glass. I love incorporating mercury glass into home decor because I think it adds an elegant touch, but I also love the fact that it has an old textured look to it. And let's be real, I like shiny things. For this project you will need any glass object, a spray bottle, water, vinegar, a sponge or a paper towel, and mirror finish spray paint. Choosing the right spray paint is crucial for this project. You don't want to go for normal metallic spray paint. You have to look for one with a mirror finish and later I'll show you a side by side comparison of the two so you can see for yourself. Clean the surface of the glass before you get started. You don't want any smudges or oily residue. In a spray bottle, mix equal parts water and white vinegar. I'm using about half a cup of each. Spray a light layer of this mixture onto the glass. The goal is to get beads of water that stay in place and don't drip down the surface. So don't soak it, just lightly mist it. Next, add one coat of spray paint. Wait about one minute before spraying a second layer of the spray bottle mixture. Let this dry for a couple minutes and then gently pat the glass with either a sponge or a paper towel. This step is what creates that kind of distress look on the surface of the glass. Your glass will be a little bit more than you would expect. This step is what creates that kind of distress look on the surface of the glass. Your glass will still be see throughout this point, so keep repeating those steps until you're happy with the result. Again, spray the water and vinegar mixture, then the spray paint. Add one more coat of the spray bottle mixture, then give it a couple minutes to dry before patting it with the sponge. You'll see the surface gradually become more opaque. I repeated this process four times to get this as a final result. Now let's talk about why I didn't use plain metallic spray paint. I tried it out just to see it side by side comparison, and as you can see here, it doesn't have a reflective finish, so it's hard to create the look of mercury glass. So what do you guys think of mercury glass? Don't forget to like and subscribe and leave me a comment down below. Thanks so much for watching. I'll see you guys in two days with a brand new video. Bye guys!