 Hey, oh, hi, everybody welcome back to the video about today guys. I'm excited because as we go we got a special one As you know, talkies are in kindergarten and I'll look before we only had the small bags I am absolutely stoked because I don't have to drive like seven hours anymore We got the big banks now, which is especially perfect because guys you guys guess at home. We're doing a D-D-I-Y J-I-S He's my last name That's her elastic Yeah, yeah As usual guys, it wouldn't be a kitchen DIY without my boy Here here we have done something very similar to this before but just remind you guys how to do this It's super easy. All right. You can do this at home. This is what you're gonna need first things first for your DIY pops and lots of realistic here obviously gonna need mozzarella sticks. Yeah, next we have our One delicious fuego. We have our two chugs of oil, right? It's wheeled vegetable obviously you guys weren't Canada as I was saying so everything's from French here to keep it going We have some Firmine to-to-usage Blanche what does that mean? Mungo all purpose flour all first flower guys long nose fluid and fun say's all right He knows how to speak so he'll be our translator for today. So we have all purpose white flour next I'll be wearing egg wash right these are gonna stick the taffies towards these beautifully all right These are a major key next you need a crushing mechanism Usually use these to beat our meat, but we're probably gonna go with this guy the kitchen maybe Borgor you ready? I hope are you guys ready? So guys before we get into this video if we could smash 20,000 thumbs up all right. I'll hit you guys with another DIY in the kitchen So let's get it comment down below any other ideas you guys want to see me and Bongo make it let's get it All right, so as usual first step organization efficiency especially when Bongo's on the cam So we're gonna chop up this mozzarella that way we can microwave it And then we're gonna freeze it in this puppy here, right? So all you guys need is a tin can this is gonna be the shape for idea of my talks mozzarella steak game. We're gonna open up this cheese chop them into sticks like this here What the you know what this? That's it we're brixed water today. Look at this Brixed one let's get it pop this in. I think we have enough space for even one more brick in why not? One another one another one a nice big cup of cheese. This is beautiful. All right guys So we're popping in to our beautiful microwave here with the wheel as you guys saw last time here. Let's pop it in We're gonna leave these in for quite a while. We're gonna go two minutes and 30 seconds All right, let's see what we got. Let's see what we got. Ooh, I don't think the handles get hot. Ooh, wait. Yo, it's actually not Bongo no sort of sorcery over here. Oh, I'm H. I'm H. I'm H. Okay. Yeah, that's perfect. That's perfect Look at this like a soup. Let's grab our tin can yeah, and let's just pour this out see what's popping. Oh Oh, oh, oh guided in here be as cheese as the cheese is. Oh I love that. Oh, wow. That's full to the top. That is pretty much full to the top. This is enough. I got two bricks and One cup drink. This is perfect guys. So we're gonna close up our lane and as you can see guys our Cheeses right at the top. So we're gonna pop this in to our freezer This is a major key. You don't want to play yourself and have it tilted because as you can see the cheese is moving So you want it standing up perfect spot for it and we will be back in one hour That thing should be frozen solid. You can take a big bite of it Then guys will be ready for our next step with Long no himself. We're gonna You get it because like play like a drum. Yeah, yeah, I don't think people are like notice like bongo drum. No, no I think I'm yeah, I'm the new bongo. Yeah We got guys that'll be ready for its tackies coating. I'm so stoked. You know what? Let me just try and put tackies here right now before I shred him. I'm gonna taste them right last time I was old you guys turn me in the colors down below. I can't even do the Pakistan. So watch this guys watch it Bongo camina three two one go So spicy ah Guys I am the tackies God now, right if you can beat me if you think you can be me and do more than me I want to see you guys tweet me. I have chat with the J a video of you eating at least 10 in a row Time it and let's see if you can beat me. Okay, so while our boss rail is freezing right now We're gonna be efficient and organized and we're gonna get our egg wash ready and our talkies ready So first and first let's do the egg wash, but guys I have a very special guest. How may I look this part? Saviom money God is your guys Alright, we're gonna challenge you in the kitchen. We're gonna see if you can crack an egg with one hand My mom actually told me this look I think I cracked that one just go bam crack go shoot there you all right So I did look the previous place I went to university you need another one I need another one Kind of broken Guinness if you're watching this let us know right that was like a bit of a millisecond Yeah, that's I'll take it so guys Ryan's ways you guys got a smash thumbs up, but these are by the way burn the braids They were on special Let's get it guys. Hey, buddy Alright guys egg wash is ready. This is beautiful. Let's get to the fun part, alright. We want our tackies Look at these things they're beautiful. We got to make a nice one thing because they make beautiful breading as well So let's go ahead and do that right now Bongo please do the honors my friend Look at this perfect orange and nice Bongo kill it when I was okay guys. I have another very special guest in the building you guys might know him as What are they calling King Savage? All right Hold your ass out. Fall on slash get your merch right now. We'll be raps the King Savage God this bench your money god He's in the building Charlie here. I don't know if you know this but the first time I did a talk this video was because of this guy He drove all the way to the States. He was there and he thought I mean got the popies. They Charlie can't go off here This is blame Charlie, but you have to Have to give off your biggest heat and then bang The dog stop Let's go Like they like it like they like it and ironically that is actually beautifully done so Charlie give it up Let's go this action is actually heard So guys big shout out to Charlie two guys get your wofi raps merch link is in the description. Let's go here Okay next up we need our oil TV as hot as possible so before we even start our egg wash procedure We're gonna get our oil ready heat well here. All right guys So we put in one and a half of these things now is about time we check on our monster relic stick you ready? Bongo I'm ready. Let's do this. Let's see this. Oh Look here and it expanded all the way to the top which is perfect. Oh also guys I got to give a big shout out to healthy junk food right they taught me this technique They're also a killer YouTube food channel so check them out as well We got a cut open our box to check on our monster relic sticks Let's go ahead and do that all right guys last couple cuts and When Yeah, and it's frozen which is amazing guys. So this thing is ready first is first realy some flour down that way nothing sticks So we'll grab our cheese sticking and we're gonna flour this puppy up here, you know, it should be friends with it And guys it is ready for our egg this one you just got to dab it up look at this dab Look at that dab. Hey guys while I'm dabbing this up I'm gonna have these ready to go because this time we're doing multiple coats all right Whenever bongo says another one we're doing another one all right So bongo's gonna be the coat judge today. So move our egg washing We're gonna lay out a bed of tackies and we're just gonna roll this in ready here Oh Go around the end and we'll even take a little more. We'll just pat it on top, you know all right So we gave it a couple more washes as you guys can tell this thing is pretty much done But we just want to add one more coat on top to make sure that it's literally top to bottom covered in tackies We are on a mission to make the world's biggest monster relic stick. How does it look bongo? Looks pretty good I'd say it honestly like looks delicious. Okay, so I think it's Pretty much time to fry this puppy. I'm down. Let's do this moment of truth right here Let's do this Beautiful And you hear that sizzle game So we will be right back this thing is bubbling up I think the time has come this has been here for about eight minutes We're gonna check on it right now. Oh my god. You can see a peep and do already. No, no, no look at that crush Look at that Okay, I'm straining that out as much as we can My look at the cheese seeping through the top. Oh Baby yes Okay, okay, first Look at this thing right here that cheese is oozing out I'm stoked to try this All right, so as you can tell everything's gonna plan right now So we're gonna wait till this cools down for like one minute two minutes then it's off to the taste test Here okay, so it is cooled down. We are gonna try to cut open into this puppy. Let's see this Oh, we That's perfect. Oh my god. Okay guys, so for this next part. I'm going to call upon some very special guests first person in the call to the table is It's here boy That's juicy. Swavy baby mr wolf Bongo here. All right guys. Smash the thumbs up button as we bite ready one two three I'm aged I'm here. I'm a little piece. Yeah, well, I really get the full potential Actually, but you see I lie I knew I had to stay all the bongo's I lie This is like a cheese sandwich. Clearly look at this look at that opening the cheese all melted right over here Oh, you're doing she already teach mom go how to do what DIY Look at this guys as you can tell this DIY is delicious all the boys can get enough I find the talkies honestly have a really nice like crunch like it actually tastes like breading As opposed to other things like spicy breading Okay guys, so there you have it my boys are stealing you know, it's not delicious But thank you guys so much for watching the D I Why giant top-hees monster realistic game first and foremost I got to give a huge shout you as usual to my boy Bongo this man is always in the kitchen with me so make sure you subscribe to his channel check it is the I wise They're amazing here also shout out to the boys. Sweetie Baby subscribe to his channel show to the boy wolf here. I go to wolfy wraps.com check out his merch Something like it got church. Hey, oh wait. I didn't have a shout out, but he's stealing my thing. Oh Give me a shout out anyways. The guy stealing the monster else to get it's your boy check out his channel bare bangers as well So now what you guys are commenting down below what DIY you want to see next We got this awesome space now. It's an awesome kitchen in the new album house So we're ready and loaded to make bare DIYs. So thank you guys so much once again for watching Have the best day of your lives. We'll see you in the next video ready