 Alright so what's up everybody here's the scoop you all are asking what alligator tail tastes like and we're going to show you today we've got two awesome people two of my favorite people that we've ever guided on an alligator hunt. That's back. We've got Ed in his lovely ride who's now one of the best here's good friends Miss Terry they've never eaten alligator tails so it's up to them to tell you all what it tastes like alright this is just a fun weekend dish not too hard to make but it's going to taste really good nice party middle of the day meal half stick or quarter stick of sweet cream butter throw it in there let that get going take all of our bacon once I have that then we're going to take our onions move that in there then we're going to throw our potatoes and we're going to get some ever gladed seasoning tell me guys please do me a favor this ever gladed seasoning we use them all the time I was actually just talking to them they're out see bring Florida go to there they're trying to get a larger Facebook channel so if you're on Facebook look up Facebook dot com board slash everybody's seasoning they're always doing giveaways if you want to know more about their spice on their really cool company pretty small but they make amazing good spice check them on Facebook and yeah there you go they've never had that smells good doesn't it those are Yukon gold potatoes out with smoked bacon sweet by the all your onions and now we're going to add some baby bell mushrooms I love corn straight out of the husk look how pretty that is once you take it out of the husk it starts losing its moisture start losing its flavor it's just flat out not as good so if you ever have the chance for your cooking corn you want to have the best corn possible take it right out of the husk it'll be a lot more sweet all right let's break out the alligator tail we're going to fry a little bit and we're going to grill a little bit it's been ran through a quiver so it's nice and tender and this is all straight out of the blowing look how nice I meet once and when he get that to warm they sell all over really this right here is some of our ever glates mopping sauce I'm actually going to fill this up but just for now put that on there like that this around and all we're doing is just letting this fall in love gator tail has such a unique flavor that we're not overspicing it it's just it's just going to marry and this this this flavor is going to come together look at that and then we're going to go outside throw that on the web right here just a little bit if you're like excited about the grill try that that's ever glates mopping sauce we buy a lot of gallon and if you're looking for ever glates which a lot of you have go to their their website it's www.everyglatesasoning.com and it'll be well worth it I use it in a little squirt bottle like this because it's just so much easier you know we're almost out about to have to go back and order some more this is the ever glates all-purpose breeder the best stuff on the planet yeah this stuff is too easy we'll take the rest of this gator tail here we're just going to cut it into normal pieces that we would fry just like this you do not need to roll this in egg you don't need to roll it in milk you don't need to roll it anything just good ever glates breeder gator tail throw it in there and the ever glates breeder goes a long way so I want you guys to realize how serious I'm in nothing else no salt no pepper no flour no egg no milk no not after one key if you're frying something and you want the breading to stay on let it dry just like that listen to that sizzle summertime grill this grill is our saving grace I love this grill it's a little weber like 200 boxed home depot all right well that's cooking we're going to go through the other stuff of the frying pan make sure it's hot it is okay perfect all right so the gator tail has been on the grill for about maybe three minutes now three four minutes three minutes perfect perfect what do you do with your left hand I just hold it in here this is like what I'm like this is my balancing hand okay good good good good good good shut this now let's go flip our stuff in the frying pan oh my sis all walks if you can see the breading is all sticking to the meat just the beauty of Everglades all purpose breader the uh oh how perfect that is I hope y'all are getting hungry because it's almost dinner time y'all you nah I'm gonna get it. Yeah, I'm gonna process it up. Oh, look how nice that looks. Every time I hear the train I think of Bane. Yeah, you hear the Cheuchu? Cheuchu! Everglades mopping sauce? If it's your 50 bucks that don't pay as bad. He's a man. Yeah. Perfect. That's amazing. Alright, honey. Soakers. Laura, I'd like to thank for this day and thank for this food. Thank for all our meat, blessings and memories and great times for the forgiveness of our sins and nourishing food or our bodies. Lord, Jesus name me, man. Amen. Alright, so let's see what everyone thinks. Now that's the first time you've ever tried alligator kale, huh? It is the first time. It is delicious. It tastes? I can compare it to a pork chop. Like pork chops with meat dense. Yeah. These are nice. It's really nice. It's nice and light. It's got a nice taste to it. That seasoning is spectacular. It's got a little tiny bite to it. But it tastes gonna sound overwhelming. The gator is unbelievable. You know what the grilled one tastes like? You need more. You need more grilled. It's delicious. It's like the better, other white meat. You have right. Now this is delicious. The delicious. The first time I've ever had it, man, this is unbelievable. Oh, I can... What do you think, honey, boy? It's amazing. It's amazing. Anything we harvest though is amazing to me. Mmm. Mmm. Can't get more organic now. It's hard to compare it to any. It's like chicken. It doesn't taste like fish. It tastes... The closest I can compare it to is the consistency. It's pork chops. That's exactly what I say. It tastes like pork. There's no gamey taste to it. It's just got a nice flavor to it. A little bit of sweetness to it. I don't know which better. The food in the company. They've got to be... They've got to cop with many children. They're delight. It's delicious. Yeah. Thank you. I'm talking to the chef. And there's the system. Good, baby. But for us, big. And nasty as an alligator is. The meat is phenomenal. Yeah. Phenomenal. And it doesn't have any fishy flavor. You know, gamey flavor. Very pure, very fresh meat. And that's why we like to harvest them. You know, we do harvest them for the management purposes. But we also harvest them because it... feeds our... or fills our freezer. And we can eat it for a long, long time. You know what else it tastes like? Then I need to get home and work some overtime. So make some money so I can get back on. Oh, delicious. Come on, winter stores. Come on. Bring them on. That's our life in a nutshell. You know, you guys get to watch Dear Meat for Dinner. You get to see me in Sarah. And I promised you guys this video on Monday. We've just been running at Cardburn and that midnight oil. Catching these big alligators. Great times. Great times. And so thank you all so very much for being a part of our YouTube family. Please, if you would, I've been talking a lot to the people over there. Everglades season. They make phenomenal season. They're phenomenal people. Small company. Right there in Seabring, Florida. So go check out their Facebook page. It's facebook.com. For slash. Everglades seasoning. And let them know which thing. If you're looking to order some, go to their website. They've got a whole variety of different spices. All of them are good. And we are out. And so thank you all so much for being a part of our YouTube family.