 How to Make Chicken Kiev A delectable rolled chicken breast stuffed with buttery goodness can be yours without going to a high priced restaurant. You will need 1.5 cup or 1 stick of unsalted butter at room temperature. 1 teaspoon of dried parsley, 1 teaspoon of dried tarragon, kosher salt, fresh ground black pepper, 4 boneless skinless chicken breast halves, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon of water, 2 1 ¼ cups of panko bread crumbs, vegetable oil and vegetables. Equipment, an electric mixer, a meat mallet, a food thermometer and a cooling rack. Step 1. Mix the butter, parsley, tarragon, one teaspoon of salt, and a quarter teaspoon of pepper with the electric mixer. Step 2. Put the butter mixture onto a piece of waxed paper and roll it into a log shape, then freeze it until it hardens. Step 3. Sprinkle water on top of each chicken breast and place each one between two sheets of plastic wrap. Step 4. Pound the chicken with the meat mallet and season both sides of each breast with salt and pepper. Pound the chicken breast to about an eighth inch thickness. Step 5. Place each breast on a new piece of plastic wrap, place a quarter of the butter log in the center of each breast, fold the ends of the breasts in, and roll them into logs around the butter. Then refrigerate the logs for at least two hours. Roll the logs very tightly in the plastic wrap before refrigerating. Step 6. Mix the eggs with one teaspoon of water in a pie pan and pour the bread crumbs into another pie pan. Step 7. Heat half an inch of vegetable oil in a 12-inch saute pan until it reaches 375 degrees Fahrenheit on your thermometer. Step 8. Dip each chicken roll in the egg mixture and then roll in the bread crumbs to coat. Step 9. Fry each roll in the oil sealed side down. Then over once, each side will take between 4 and 5 minutes and will turn golden brown. The chicken should have an internal temperature of 165 degrees when it is thoroughly cooked. Step 10. Place the chicken rolls on a cooling rack to drain for 5 minutes. Then serve them with your favorite veggies and watch as the scrumptious butter mixture spills from the chicken when you take a bite. Did you know Actress Mela Jovavic was born in Kiev, Ukraine. She moved to the United States in 1981 with her father, a doctor and her mother, a stage actress.