 Welcome everyone, I'm DeRonda with Foods 101 and today I'm going to show you how to make this traditional fruit cake. Simple, easy, just keep an eye on the video and I'm going to teach you how to make it step by step. Now the recipe comes in from this Sunright Fruit product that you can buy at Walmart or any of your super wall marks or most of your large grocery stores and I'm going by this recipe, the festive holiday fruit cake. And you're going to need a cup and a half of this. This has your dried orange and lemon, cherries, your green and your red cherries along with your pineapples. You're going to need a cup and a half. You're going to need a cup of whole candied red cherries right here and your green cherries, your cup of each. You're going to need a cup and a half of your dried candied pineapples. You're going to need one and a half cups of your dark raisins or you can buy currents. Now I buy the 12 ounce package and I use the whole package of raisins and I'm going to have any left behind. You're going to need a cup of dried dates. Now these are whole dates that I purchase and I just chop them into these little tiny pieces with a chef's knife. You're going to need a cup of pecans, I buy whole pecans and I just crumble them apart like this. So you can have little bites of nuts in your fruit cake. You're going to need a cup of dried apples and of course I just chop these into little pieces and then of course a cup of walnuts. And as you can see I buy the walnuts home and I just crush them down like this so you can have hunks of walnuts and pecans in your fruit cake. Now the only thing different I do with the recipe you see here at the top, I just swap out the silver almonds for pecans. So that's the only thing different I do. Now with all these ingredients I'm going to take this out. I'm going to go ahead and take a large bow and you just start jumping in all your fruits and nuts and oh my gosh you smell so yummy because over here I have a half a cup of apricot brandy and I'm just going to add the apricot brandy right in with this lovely mixture of nuts and dried fruit. And here I'm putting whole cherries. Now if you want to chop your cherries okay go ahead and go to it. But I love the wholeness of those cherries as you start getting into your fruit cake when you start cutting your fruit cake because I think those whole cherries just like fabulous. Now this is a 16 ounce container of your red cherries and I'm only going to use half and then you're going to need a cup and a half of your candy pineapples so I'm going to use half of this. And I'm going to give this a lovely little tossing so we can get it well incorporated with that apricot brandy. But the best thing to do is make sure that your pineapple candy and cherries, your red cherries and your green cherries aren't stuck together. And now we're going to cover this with plastic wrap and we're going to sit it off to the side for about two hours and marry in with that apricot brandy. Now I'm going to show you how to make the cake part. For the better part of this fruit cake you're going to need three fourths of a cup of white sugar, three fourths of a cup of packed brown sugar, five eggs, one and three fourths cups of all purpose flour, two tablespoons of molasses, one teaspoon of cinnamon, a half a teaspoon of baking soda, and a half a cup of butter. Now this is one stick of butter which is eight tablespoons in a stick. Now we're going to mix the dry ingredients together here in the bowl like this with the sugars and the white sugar along with the baking soda and the cinnamon. And we're taking a whisk and we're going to whisk together all of our dry ingredients very, very well. Now for the wet ingredients we're going to use a smaller bowl. I've got my five eggs in the smaller bowl. I'm adding my molasses and everybody's like why does that molasses not stick to your spatula? And the reason it doesn't stick is because I oil it so it can come sliding right off like this. And then I'm going to take a whisk. You just want to get the rest of your molasses off and you're going to whisk your eggs and your molasses really, really super well together until it's all incorporated. To your dry ingredients we're going to add all those eggs and that molasses. Woo! I don't get to smell molasses much but when I do it's pretty yummy. And then I'm adding a stick of butter at room temperature. Okay and got about a little too warm there. And now with the mixer on low we're going to beat this for the next three minutes on low. Alright after three minutes of beating on low this is what your fruit cake batter is going to look like. Now you want to make sure you use a rubber spatula to scrape down the side of your bowl. So when you bite into your fruit cake you're not going to get a big bite of cinnamon or baking sodas. Definitely something you don't want. Now let me get all that off those beaters. Now we're going to start adding that dried fruit nuts in our batter right here. And as you can see oh yes look how beautiful that is. It's been sitting and getting so yummy with that apricot brandy. And now we're just going to start pouring in all of our dried fruit and nuts into the cake batter. And now this batter is going to be really super thick. But you want to make sure you incorporate your cake batter into your dried fruit and nuts. And oh my heavens this is going to be delicious. If you could be hearing you could smell all these fruits and nuts and oh my goodness those dried cherries and red cherries and green cherries are just absolutely so beautiful. It's beginning to smell a lot like Christmas. It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas. And now we're just going to keep incorporating this until we get all that batter on all those pieces of fruit and nuts just like that. And now I'll be back to show you how I'm going to bake mine. I've got three disposable aluminum loke pans. Now the size on these are 8 inches by 3 and 7 8 inch. Now I've heavily greased and floured each loaf pan and I'm going to start filling each one with my fruit cake batter here with all those dried fruits and nuts. I have my oven preheating to 250 degrees Fahrenheit because these are going to bake for the next three to three and a half hours. But now after three hours we're going to check it with a toothpick to see if we can get any raw dough coming out on that toothpick and if we do we're going to have to bake it for an additional 30 minutes. So we'll just go ahead and pack your fruit cake dough down in there because I'm giving these away as Christmas gifts this Christmas. And if you would like to bake your fruit cake in a 12 to 14 cup bump pan you may do that too. Just make sure you heavily greased and floured your cake pans. Now these are ready for the oven and as you can see I've just been pushing it down into the loaf pan because you don't want any air pockets in your fruit cake once it comes out baked. So I've been messing around with it until I think I'm pretty safe. Okay so now off to the 250 degree preheated oven. Add your fruit cake on the middle rack of your oven, shut your door and no picking until three hours are up. It's been two days since I took this fruit cake out of the oven as you can see. Look how beautiful it is. I let it cool in that loaf pan for about 10 minutes. I can smell that apricot brandy and I've let it sit for two days and now I'm going to slice into it. I'm going to show you what it's like and you want to use a knife with serrated edges. See the little teeth there in that knife? That's what you're wanting to get a beautiful clean cut and you can just saw right through that candid fruit in your nuts and look here how beautiful that is on the inside. Now that is one spectacular fruit cake. Now you're probably wondering where my other two loaves are. Well I've already given them his gifts and people have already called to let me know they absolutely love the fruit cake. It's not like store bought. It's your fresh fruit cake right out of your own oven and look at there how gorgeous that is. Absolutely beautiful. And now I'm going to cut into it. I'm going to try it which I already have. Get it a bite. Mmm. Wow. Fabulous candy fruit. Walnuts. Mmm. Peacons and that apricot brandy will make it win-win. Hey y'all. I'm DeRonda with foods 101. Hope you get this a try. Leave me a comment. Give me thumbs up and I wish all of you a Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays. Catch you next time.