 It's a cliche but you have to eat big to get big. I mean it's it's a simple fact every meal counts. I was going muscle and strength bands. I am Fouette Abiaad, I FB Pro and you're in my kitchen and we were about to make my breakfast. So you guys can see how I eat to fuel up for today's workout. I can't eat the same shitty, bland food day and day out. So we just went shopping so the fridge is stocked. I'm going to go with some egg whites, some bowl eggs and we need some cheese, some sour cream, actually we just sour cream out. I'll go with some ketchup, mayo. I cook everything with like Pam cooking spray or any cooking spray. Okay so we'll get the eggs started and since I'm in the off season I'm going to probably do a little more carbs than I would normally. So this is cream or rice. I'm going to do half a cup of cream or rice is about 80 grams of carbs. Fiber can be a nightmarit times if you're trying to eat a lot of food. So for me I found that cream or rice with cream or rice instead of the oatmeal is just digest faster and I can I can just get through more food that way. I'm not going to measure this time normally I have my measuring cup out but I know there's eight egg whites there so that's that. You know I know everybody has their own philosophy about it and some people say you know the organic thing is just bullshit it's just to make you it's just to make you spend more money and to just the marketing, the oil and all that stuff. That might be true. I mean you never know. I choose to air on the side of caution. So today we're going to do breakfast burritos. Each of these sort of has 30 grams of carbs so there's 90 grams right there and then I got another 80 grams in the microwave so my breakfast will consist of about 170 grams of carbs. I'm going to eat six meals a day. The breakfast is usually the highest in carbs and the lowest in protein because I only got about 50 grams of protein in that egg and the egg meal so I'll just add a little bit of cinnamon. You need our fats so I know there's fats. You're saturated fat in the egg yolk but I don't feel like that's enough so I'll do a heaping teaspoon which is a more like a tablespoon of peanut butter. Natural peanut butter it's not like jiffy or craft you know that it's garbage but I'm going to have oatmeal or cream or rice all sweet knit with stevia. Now the only other thing I add to that frozen blueberries. It's a cliche but you have to eat big to get big. I mean it's it's a simple fact every meal counts. If I eat all my meals and they're all like this heavy calories I will gain weight which is what I want but if I miss a meal the next day I'm lighter. I think in the off season when you're trying to grow you need a surplus of calories and you need a variety of nutrients but if my fat level in my body isn't overboard and I feel like I can do this a couple times a week it is two ways to go about it. You can eat perfectly clean and then binge one day a week and have whatever you want or you can do it my way which is give your body a little bit of something every single day so it keeps it interesting. It's got to look good to taste good. I used to be a chef believe it or not it doesn't look like it anymore I think I've lost all my skills but you know I worked in a couple restaurants. You're going to body go for 20 years I'll give you guys the number one tip to longevity in the kitchen as far as your diet goes. Learn how to make stuff taste good. You know if you're eating chicken and rice learn how to make chicken and rice eight different ways you know then you'll be able to you'll have longevity but you're not you're not going to eat plain chicken and plain rice for 20 years. If you learn how to do chicken and rice and you saute it with so vegetables or you do learn how to do any any type of meal you can think of or even make you make burritos out of your chicken whatever it's it's like you have to have a different variety for your food. I can't eat the same shitty bland food day and day out for the whole year. I'll do it when I'm dieting because it's a serve of purpose and I have a focus in my mind but in the off season I don't see why I should have to limit myself. Mm