 Now you might ask why don't I just use my finger? Well, I'll go ahead and address that right now. When you're using a material like graphite, if you use your finger to blend, what happens is the oil in your finger actually transfers to the graphite on the surface and it almost turns it into somewhat of a paint media and it actually just works itself into the paper and it becomes really hard to erase and actually have less control with the tip of your finger. Your finger is a lot bigger than the tip of a tortilla or the tip of a blending sauce. Again, make a little bit of a mental note of that and then right underneath this portion of the eye it's going to get a little bit darker as well. And kind of make a smooth gradation of value or smooth gradation of application of the graphite. I'm going to make little small circles as I'm with a lighter gray than what I think it should be because I can always go back and rework that if need be. And I haven't pulled out my paper towel yet. The graphite gets on the tip anyway and you can almost draw with the tip of the blending stop or the blending tortilla. Sometimes you have to be bold if you're timid about what you're doing. Sometimes that can make you second guess everything you do. And if you're second guessing what you do, I'm going to go ahead and begin to darken out some of these areas that we just went over and I mentioned need to be darker. The selection of what's around the eye here in this case. All right. Now while I have this in hand I'll go ahead and start pulling out some of these the ways so you can see what I'm doing here. And again there is no way. Well I'm sure there's a possible way but you're going to drive yourself crazy if you try to go ahead and erase out some of that area that I've already put down. This little white or lighter area, a little bit lighter in value. Before I go back and enhance how you scale next to your drawing and just try and match the values that you see in your photo reference or in the subject that you're drawing with the values on your value scale. You can even put numbers. Iris makes contact with the edge there of the eye lid. I guess the bottom part of the eye is called that would not be the lid. Now we really could spend some good all quality time with this middle part of the eye but I think we're ready to start moving on outward. I'm really kind of trying to create texture. In fact I usually work on texture charcoal paper in order to kind of enhance that texture a bit. But you know everybody is different. Everybody likes different kind of stuff. Just kind of softly work that on. I'm glad you were able to get back on. I was concerned about that if you're watching this in the future. Light. Well medium light compared to the darker area and then it gets lighter again. Of course we need to kind of compare that with the other side. Over here on the top of the eye lid. And then as it comes down right here on that's happening here for the top for tonight's purposes. I think what I'll do is I'll kind of work in areas because typically I'd probably try to force myself to be patient and go ahead and apply all this graphite and then work it in with the blending stop all at one time. The merits of the work. The work should not be judged upon the steps that you took. And I really don't see how using a blending stop is cheating even then because. Now it has taken us a while to draw this this eye with the blending stop. Now you can pick up blending stops. I don't like I mentioned this but you can pick up blending stops at your local art store or online. And now have this lessen up in a couple days. Sometimes I'm able to do it a little quicker. Some days it takes. Sometimes it takes a couple days. In the end. And the darker value. Down right underneath here. Again, I'm going going quick just to get this little bottom part. And at least gives us a little bit more dimension with the eye. Just a little bit more three dimensional. Remember, don't have to be exactly like your photo reference. Like when we did the the iris part of the eye. You can't get obsessed with making it perfect. The whole time that you use the blending stop at all but they're the same except blending stop or blending stop is kind of compressed paper and a blending tortilla is kind of rolled up paper. So that was out of the camera view.