 Well, now the lovely scene. This is just a quick video tip on how the homeowner like yourself or somebody can save money. Unblocking the drain on a simple deal like this. This is all over spill where the drain was blocked. This thing just blocked frequently. Hello Mr. Cat. He didn't want to walk in this stuff a minute. Quite handy for explanation purposes. With this drain open here, you can see whether the water is coming through. Now over here, I'm going to hit the vacuum for a second. Down there, right where the hose is going, there's a hole there. And what happens is the water, it's like it's like a, it goes in the, where's my finger? In the hole and then it has to go up over something and then down and out. So right on this one, right in the hole area, where it's blocked. And all I did was I just took a piece of wire like this and then bent it a little bit and then jiggled it around down in there and it's cleared. So if I pour the water through now, this has got bleach in it and I've been putting it on this stuff out here and I'm going to clean all that up. But watch, see, the water has to get up to a certain level. Nothing yet before it sinks it over that lip that I was explaining about. Pretty soon now. So your water level should stay about down there in that bucket. If it gets higher, that means you got a bit of a blockage. I mean, it could be different on different ones. You see the water is running right out now. So anything that I could see was completely full and overflowing and this was the lid. And this is some of the fat crap that was on there. So I'm going to spray that down. I'm going to give this a little scrub with the scrubbing brush. And I'm going to try and, well, actually, I think what I decided was I'm going to try and sweep it into that hole. See what happens. But otherwise, I'll just use the wet back. Now that's a 20 liter wet back and it took me three loads to get all that stuff out. But then I have to clean my vacuum again. So there you go. Maybe you can save some money. Be careful if you lift these lids. I mean, if you look in here and this will spoil the water, then you know the problem was in the drain going out towards the street. But you can see it works. So there we are. Another Yucky holiday job. Thanks for watching.