 It's a clouds look amazing on the camera. It looks pretty amazing in person too. No, it's different on the camera. Yeah, you're wondering what dude's doing. Yep, we have a bumper in the front of the key and we have a bumper in the back of the key and now we're going to be bumper in the key. Whatever flow said about me picking up the bumper, are we already half bumpers? Well, when there's a... If you need an extra one. When there's a killer smoking deal on the used market, there is a bumper from a 2017 Jeep that someone was selling. And the kicker was not that it was a bumper that I need. The kicker was that the lights that were attached to this bumper are worth like three to four times what I paid for the bumper. So smoking deal. So that's my rationale for all you Jeep nerds out there. You know what I'm talking about, but for flow. Wow, this place is interesting. It's like a Chinese mall in Richmond, but for Indian folks. In Surrey. Checking out a restaurant since we're out here in Surrey. And then Pakistan, a restaurant really caught our eye. We haven't had Pakistan since we lived in San Francisco. Special treat. I should have wore my coat. Thank you so much. It looks so amazing. This must be the chicken karma. Barca. Barca. And then the rice. And then the... Alright. That's great. Thank you Lauren Jesus for this food. We've made it here. You've blessed it to our bodies and your precious name we've made. Amen. That's still good. Begin. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. People want to see... It's called mukbang. Hey guys. Do you want to see us eat a whole meal in front of the camera? I think the genre is called mukbang. I probably budget to prepare that situation. Why would people want to see that? It makes no sense. I don't like eating it in front of the camera. Eat. Yes. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. So good. I know you are like walking duty. The Korma is not what... I guess what we're used to. The Korma is the P90 or the Nadi sauce. That is more Punjabi I guess. I know it's extra. But this has... This is reminiscent of the Pakistani food that we were used to having and loving from San Francisco. We ordered mild thankfully. The flow said, oh this is what our medium. They want to kill this. The Korma's got that nice exotic flavors and a brighter flavor than some of the Indian food that we're used to having lately. Like the butter chicken. So love it. The bar is nice and smooth. And my nose is drying so that's it for me. It's delicious. It's delicious. I'm about to find a coffee. I'll go to... I'm about to find a coffee. I'm about to find a coffee. I'm about to find a coffee. I'm about to find a coffee. Eat. Even do that reverse bag thing with onions. Well because there are what? And then I'll put it... Hey, it works everywhere. Not just meat. Lemon grass and... Watercress. Alright, see? I'm already spending a week, which time? I don't think they have... You have sauces? 27 of sauces. Well these are all pre-made sauces. So technically, if you were making... I don't know, like... Here, this is chicken marinate. You would just marinate your chicken in it. Or you would want drunken chicken marinate. This is what you would marinate in it. But all the sauces you can make with the basic ingredients at home. That's what I think anyways. So I need a chousheng wine because all of a sudden I'm out there. I don't even know why. Excuse me. I wonder if they make chousheng wine from elsewhere other than China. What you find? I made one made in Taiwan. But it's also choice as much. Okay, so... Well, let's have the ribeye. What is it for? Well, so far, what's in the cart? It's just regular groceries that I'm running out of. But we're going to hotpot tonight. So we are getting ingredients from hotpot. Chinese hotpot. Chinese hotpot. Not very Asian sauce. I remember as a kid breaking into my grandma's cover to like sneak some rock sugar. I did the same thing. And then when I was in my 20s, my grandmother stitched me. What? You didn't think I knew? Like one year later? So it did look appealing but not so appealing once you get into the nutrition facts. I know. I know. Lot of sugar? No, not a lot of sugar. That's good. Let's go fruit toast in it, which I'm not happy with. And as I say, and it's Korea. From Korea, not China. From Korea. You could have found it. No. My friend was raving about past trips at and we found in Asia. So we would wow when we saw here at the Asian market. But you know, that doesn't work. There's cola beef. Is this world? You make the chicken broth. Be cheaper than buying it. Organic broth? You make your own? Make your own. But maybe it's not organic. That's why. So this is where we get into the meat of what matters. In hot pot. However, I'm not sure we need wagyu beef or our hot pot. But that might be all that. You're saying we're not workers? But you were talking about chuk-ai. They do have a chuk-ai package here. But it's not very much. Look at it. It's like not even 100 grams. Oh wow. 132.26 per kilo. No, not worth it. See? Not worth it. Well, this is all the premium meats. They have all the other ones over here. The two meats. Well, here we go. $3.20 a pound. $4.00. All right. Is that a $220, whatever, I said? I don't have enough bags. So I will have to touch the back packages. They port-jow. Port-jow is super tender. It's the cheeks of the pigs. And it's delicious. It's delicious. What else do we need? Fish balls. I think these are the woods that we normally buy. They look like that. Do you know these pork balls? Yeah. Okay, well, these pork balls are going down. These are all things that you put in your hot pot. These are things that you can put in your hot pot. But I don't know if I really like it. I have a pound of the fish tofu. I've got cattle fish, fish balls, and fish tofu. Nice variety. I think so. I don't like it. That's one of the things that we enjoy about hot pot. You get a lot of variety and everyone gets their... A little bit of everything. That's a lot of food. We've got to go. It's a small cart. If you really need a cart, you can use... What do the kids like? The kids like the udon. And the other option is... Nuts. You see if I can buy an package that looks better. They're gam noodles that are not in. So that when you put them in your hot pot, everyone can just grab a little bundle. They're kind of cute and yummy. But I'm not going to get any. Asians have the best names for their products. Alright, so it came to $113. Well, $2 is parking. So, really $113. This isn't just the meal tonight. It is groceries and all of that meat and stuff that we bought will last for a couple meals. Not just one. It's quite a bit of food. Yeah. I mean, it's... Way more food than I Costco. Yeah, different purchases too. But yeah, more food. Sure. Alright, let's get home. Alright, so I have my chicken broth. I'm going to start. There are three chicken carcasses in there. And I just bought from the store plus four or five little carrots. Two stocks of celery, one onion. And I don't know, a piece of ginger around this big slice up. I'm just going to cover it with water. Maybe add some salt and pepper. And then we're going to pressure cook it for at least half an hour. The Michael 45 minutes. Is this something that you would like a recipe video on or is that sufficient? Let us know in the comments. Follow it with my hand. There. Okay, the chicken broth is ready and I'm just giving some of the fat out. So what happens when you use fat chicken? A little fat is okay. So what? What skill? I have a... This is a hot pot. It's got a divider in the middle so that you can have two different types of soup. Like so, for example, you might want a spicy soup on one side and a not spicy soup on the other side. Something I always request when we hot pot is if anyone's having lamb that they would keep their lamb meat on one side and not contaminate lamb on both sides, yes, I am so bold to ask people to please cook their lamb on one side only. You shouldn't be so prejudiced against lamb. And then there are people that are allergic to seafood, say and they say, oh can you please keep shellfish on the one side? Yeah, so everyone can still eat from one pot. The heat rate of lamb is quite different from the one to an prophylactic shock. One requires an empty pit. One is just a matter of taste. Such a pile. So hot pot is something that the family really enjoys and it's a time that we can just cook together and eat together and have some fun together. So let me just go through some of the ingredients that we purchased. And there are still so many things that you can buy for your hot pot that's not included here. But just use what you like if you don't like fish balls, don't buy fish balls. All right. And if you like lamb, buy lamb. We've got some pork meatballs here. They're super tender. We love these ones in particular. They're like a Taiwanese meatball. Oh, did you tell me that the packaging was Vietnamese? Yeah. So maybe they're Vietnamese. But when I used to buy them, they used to come in like the deli section of the meat department in the Chinese stores and they would sell them as Taiwanese pork balls. And this is fish tofu. So it's made with soy and fish. And these are fish balls. And this is cuddle fish that have been deep fried as well. We've got some nappic cabbage and some watercrest. And we've got beef rib. What are they? Short rib. Thins short rib slices and pork jowl. And both of them are like super tender. They're already cut for the hot pot. And when they cut it, it's slightly frozen. So that's why they can curl up. And then when you cook them, just dip them in and they cook really fast. Oh, we also have some tofu. And the best part that the kids love is to make the sauce. So they put whatever they like in their bowl. And I think that's their favorite part. One of the things I really enjoy about maybe a 50% of the experience is putting together that perfect sauce because when you cook the food, it's not highly flavored. Right. Cause I'm just using chicken broth. But there are packets that you can buy with different seasoning, different types of soup. Like some people like the Tom Yum, the Thai Tom Yum Soup Flavor or just some sort of spicy Taiwanese soup base. But I find there's a lot of preservatives in those packages. So I just like to use the chicken broth and we just make our own condiments on the side to go with it. But as you cook the food, it adds more flavor to the broth. So drinking it at the end is like really quite yummy. Alright, let's get on with that sauce. Alright, let's go. Hi. What kind of sauce do you have? A regular sauce that you put together? Yeah, I like to put everything in. Alright, go for it. What's the difference between this one and this one? Oh, what's the dark soy sauce? And the other one is the light soy sauce. And the dark one has a little bit more sweet than the light soy sauce. Yeah, I like this one. And that is a Chinese barbecue sauce. Not very spicy, but let's cut that heat in there. So people crack the raw egg in there too? Yeah, sometimes people like to dip it in raw egg. Dip their cooking. That's weird. Well, wouldn't the raw egg make them sick? No, it's supposed to make it more... Sweet. Hmm. Right, buddy. Oh, okay. It's some cilantro, nice. And you're done? Yeah. Looks good. So one thing I like to do is use those take-out chopsticks so you don't know what to do with to handle the raw meat. And we have these little baskets where we can scoop up the food. And sometimes we can keep an extra bowl on the side just for the extra food that's being cooked and we're not eating it fast enough. Then the cooked food can go into a bowl and then we can just all pass that around as well. So it's time to eat. And everything cooks really fast. All right, guys, what do you guys want? Everything. All right. And you roll. All right, here we go. Thanks. You're welcome. Thanks. Bye bye bye. Bye bye bye.