 Hi, this is Debbie with the Food Prepping Channel and today I'm going to make something that everybody knows how to fix and everybody loves. I've got 9 cups and I know you can't see this. I've got 9 cups of Chex mix. I've split it up. I've got 4 cups of corn, 3 cups of rice and 2 cups of wheat cheque cereal and this big, big bowl. Alright, in this bowl right here I've got 1 package of sugar free semi-sweet chocolate chips and I should be using regular semi-sweet but I had these sugar free semi-sweet. So I'm using those. I've got a stick of margarine in here and I've got 1 half cup of peanut butter and I've got to put this in here and I hope I can get it out. I should have sprayed this. If you spray your cups like with vegetable oil or your spray, you know, your spray vegetable or whatever. If you spray them, the stuff comes out easier. Alright, so I'm going to put that in this bowl and then I'm going to put it in the microwave and microwave it on high for 1 minute. Alright, so let me get my hands are clean by the way. Alright, so I'm going to put this in there for a minute and I'm going to put this in there for a minute and then try to stir this and I'll bring you back when I get ready to do the next thing. Okay, so this I'm melted. This was one bag of the semi-sweet chocolate chips. I have a stick of margarine and I have a cup of peanut butter and now I'm going to drizzle this over this, this checks mix. I've got two or three batches of this stuff to make because everybody on no loves this stuff and everybody says, save me some, save me some. So that's what I'm doing. I'm trying to get everything done for Christmas because I'm really not going to cook a big Christmas dinner this year. I'm just going to fix it a ham and I mean I guess to some people it would be but to me it's I'm really not fixing a lot like I usually do. Usually I fix a huge Christmas dinner but I'm not doing that this time. I'm kind of just like fold out this cereal in and need to try to be careful when it's looks like it's coming apart but people still eat it so. Anyway, so I'll mix this all up and that I mean this is simple. Everything that I'm fixing now is so simple to make and everybody loves it and I don't know why I don't do it other times of the year but I just I'm just not a sweet I'm a sweet person but I'm not I don't like sweets that much so I only do this around Christmas time but it's really simple to make. So I'm going to go on and mix this up and then I'm going to pour it in here and I've got a two gallon bag a hefty Ziploc bag and I'm going to pour all this in there and I'll bring you back when I get to that point. Okay I'm back. Here is the big two gallon bag of the the cheques the chocolate cheques mix and then I've got one and a half cups of powdered sugar and I'm just going to pour that in this bag. I'm going to close this bag up and then you just mix it around mix all this around and it cuts it and that's your muddy buddies and I just leave it in this bag until I get ready to you know for Christmas or whatever and I'll let the air out of it. This stuff is so good. So good. Alright let me show you. Let me get a piece out so you can see it I don't know how to let me look at it. See it's totally covered in the sugar. This is so good. And it's so easy to make. I've got to make another couple bags of it. So if you like this recipe it's so simple to make and anybody can do this. It's just getting the stuff together and doing it. So if you like this recipe give me a thumbs up subscribe to my channel. If you'd like to be a part of my Facebook group you can go to www.facebook.com forward slash food prepping which is one word F-O-O-D-P-R-E-P-P-P-I-N-G and like my page there and give this a try for your Christmas, for your New Year's it's really really good and everybody likes it. So you have a Merry Christmas and I'll talk to you later. Bye.