 Hey my loves! So last year I shared a video of iced tea five delicious ways and you guys really seemed to enjoy it. So I thought it was time to bring you five brand new ways to get your iced tea on. Today's flavor combinations are really flavorful and more importantly really refreshing for hot summer days. Today we are going to kick things off with a yummy strawberry peppermint iced tea. Now I love this combination because of course that peppermint is so refreshing on a hot summer day and strawberries always make everything better. To set myself up I have got a heat proof glass measuring cup like this. Any sort of heat proof glass will do. It's really important of course that you use heat proof here because we're going to be pouring boiling water into this dish. I'm also using a metal sieve like this. This is an optional step but it really helps you when it comes time to remove all of the things that you've added to your water. For my peppermint tea in this case I'm using some tea bags but of course if you have loose leaf peppermint tea that is always better. To amp up that peppermint flavor even more I'm also going to add some fresh mint leaves to this. Basically I'm just going to rip them up like so pop them right in there and then over goes our water. Once you've added your water you can just let this steep away for between three and five minutes until all of those lovely flavors have transferred and then you can simply remove the sieve from the chop and set it aside. Now while that water is still hot we really want to dissolve our sweetener. You have a ton of great options here. You could use some white sugar you could use some honey but in this case I'm actually using some agave and then give it a good stir until it is completely dissolved. Now this is the part of the process when patience becomes a virtue. You're going to have to let this sit for at least 30 minutes or until it's cooled completely and then we will finish it off by adding all of our beautiful strawberry flavor. Once my tea is chilled completely I am going to add about two cups of sliced strawberries. The longer you let this all sit and infuse with that strawberry flavor the more delicious it becomes. So go ahead pop the pitcher in the fridge and feel free to leave it in there overnight. It's only going to get better. Now that my friends is refreshment. For my next iced tea I'm actually using a really tasty white tea. If you're not familiar with white tea it's a really delicious and packed with antioxidant so a great option if you've never tried it. I'm going to get started by steeping my tea in some hot water. Now that my tea is steeped I am going to pop it to the side and in this case just to switch things up I'm going to be using some white sugar but obviously totally your call agave would be beautiful here so it's some honey. I'm going to allow that to cool completely and then it's time to add our nice tart cranberry flavors because I want to maintain that really pretty white tea color. I'm actually using white cranberry juice in this. You could definitely use traditional cranberry juice and what you'll end up with is a really pretty in pink drink. I'm also going to add a few good handfuls of cranberries for a little more color and a little more tartness. You're going to want to let this chill out for 30 minutes to an hour in the refrigerator to let all those flavors come together and there you have it sweet and sour summer sipping at its finest. And next for something a little more sophisticated we are making a lavender Earl Grey iced tea. Now I have to tell you I cannot even hear the words Earl Grey without thinking of caption card from Star Trek but I digress. We are starting with some steeped Earl Grey tea. I love Earl Grey tea it's got such a unique flavor and I think it is really beautifully complemented with some lavender. We should warn you a little lavender actually goes a long way so you don't want to overdo it. A teaspoon or so is usually adequate with about eight cups of water. We're going to let that steep for three to five minutes depending on how strong you like your tea and then we're just going to remove our tea bags and our lavender and stir in our sweetener. In this case I'm using honey I find black tea really needs the additional sweetness. Once your sweetener is completely dissolved in your tea you can set it aside and let it cool before pouring it over a beautiful glass of ice and enjoy it. Next up we have a delicious peachy green tea of course this starts by brewing some green tea. Once our green tea is adequately steeped we are just going to set it aside of course and then we are going to add our sweetener. Now I love honey and green tea but this is definitely one of those recipes if you wanted to keep it unsweetened you actually could. As you don't over steep your green tea because that makes it bitter. Once your tea is sweetened you simply want to set it aside and let it cool before adding it to the rest of your ingredients. Of course for our peachy green tea we need to add some peaches. I've got some gorgeous fresh peaches that I just chopped up and I'm going to give this all a stir. Go ahead and let that sit for 30 minutes to an hour or overnight is ideal. Once that's had some time to reach its maximum flavor potential you can simply pour it over ice and you are ready to refresh. Finally we're taking a really classic hot tea recipe and making it into an iced tea. This is a lemon ginger iced tea so it's actually really good if you happen to fall ill with a summer cold. For this recipe I'm actually using some herbal ginger tea but if you wanted to you could swap in some green tea that would work just as well. I'm also going to be steeping that tea with some freshly chopped ginger as well as a few pieces of lemon zest. We're going to let this steep away for between three and five minutes and then we're going to strain our water and stir in our honey. Once that's cooled completely you can stir in some fresh lemon slices and it is ready to be poured over ice. For more awesome iced tea inspiration be sure to check out the links in the description box below. Keep in mind the recipes are there as well. If you give any of these tasty ideas a try I really hope you will tweet me Instagram me or Snapchat me a photo because of course I love seeing your creations and if there are any great iced tea flavors I haven't thought of be sure to leave those in the comment section below because I will be making iced tea all summer long. I promise you that. Finally if you have not already be sure to subscribe because there is lots more refreshing deliciousness we're this game