 Hey guys, so in continuing our Summer Book Club series, today I am going to share with you my second recipe inspired by one of my favorite books found in the Audible app. The secret diary of Lizzie Bennett by Bernie Sue and Kate Rohit. If you're just joining us and you're not familiar with Audible, it's a wonderful app that will allow you to download your favorite books, magazines, and newspapers all to your mobile device. And if you'd like to try it, today's your lucky day because Audible is offering all of my viewers a free 30-day trial. So all you have to do to get your free trial is go to audible.com slash entertaining with that. Okay, so like many of you, I fell in love with the Lizzie Bennett Diaries here on YouTube. What a fun series. And I have to say, reading the book is even better. It's even more fun if you can believe it or not. I think because you get a little bit more insight into Lizzie as a character, you get a little bit more detail into the different plot twists, and it's just such a fun read or listen if you're listening to it in the app. So when I think of that book, I can't help but think of Jane making those snicker doodles for being late. And when I think of what kind of cookie she would have made, it would have been light and dainty and delicate and perfectly sweet, just like Jane. So I'm going to show you how to make a foolproof snicker doodle cookie inspired by Jane Bennett. So the first thing we're going to do is cream together a cup of unsalted butter and a cup and a quarter of sugar. Go ahead and just mix that up until your mixture is nice and fluffy. Then you're going to add two eggs, one at a time, making sure that you incorporate the batter in between each addition. Then you're going to add a teaspoon and a half of vanilla extract, beat that up, and then you can set that aside. Then meanwhile, in a smaller bowl, we're going to mix together our dry ingredients. So we're going to add two and a quarter cups of flour, one teaspoon of baking soda, and two teaspoons of cream of tartar. This is really the secret ingredient when it comes to getting a soft and chewy snicker doodle cookie. Now a lot of you sometimes have trouble finding cream of tartar, but I'm telling you it is worth the effort even if you have to buy it online, because I tried these cookies just using baking soda. I've tried it using just baking powder. I've tried using half baking soda, half baking powder. Nothing does it like the cream of tartar. It's a leavening agent that you can actually find in the spice aisle of most grocery stores. It's a white looking powder. It looks just like baking powder and baking soda, but it reacts differently. I don't know what it is. It is the magic potion when it comes to these cookies. So two teaspoons of cream of tartar will assure that you will get a soft and chewy snicker doodle cookie. Then you're also going to add a half a teaspoon of salt. Go ahead and just whisk that all up, and then you can add the dry ingredients to your butter mixture. Just adding it in thirds, making sure that your batter is well combined in between each addition. And that's all you have to do. Your batter is done. Now a lot of recipes for snicker doodles will say to refrigerate the dough. I actually think that's better if you don't. I find that the texture is better and they bake a little bit more evenly, so I say don't refrigerate it. Then we are going to make our cinnamon sugar. So you're going to combine three tablespoons of sugar with two teaspoons of ground cinnamon. Give it a whisk, and that's all you have to do. Then you're at a portion out your dough, and we're going to roll it into the sugar. So here's the other tip when it comes to creating a really full-proof cookie. Is the size of the cookie. I really love to use a medium-sized ice cream scoop. So a lot of times you will see these ice cream scoops for sale in a set. It'll give you the standard scoop, the middle scoop, and then the baby scoop. It's really the middle scoop. It's a two-inch scoop that really I think makes the best three-inch cookie. So go ahead and just portion out a scoop, drop it in the cinnamon sugar, give it a good dusting, and then pop it on a cookie sheet lined with parchment paper. Then you're going to place your cookies in a 350 degree Fahrenheit oven for just nine minutes. Now this is the other tip for you, because if you over bake, you're not going to get those chewy texture. And if you under bake, it's going to be well undercooked inside. So you'll know that they're done. When you start to see the cookies rise up and they'll crack, it'll look like a very strange thing going on. And that is actually the thing that the cream of tartar will do. It will rise them up and then crack. No other leavening agent does that, and you want them to rise and crack, because as they cool, they will fall. And when they fall, that is what is creating that chewy texture. The cracks are also a mark of a traditional snickerdoodle cookie. So it pays to have the cracks. Then you're going to take your cookies out of the oven, allow them to cool slightly, and then you're going to transfer them to a cooling rack. Then once they're cool, you can go ahead and surf them and watch your guests go nuts. These are the most delicious cookies. They have the perfect combination of buttery sweetness mixed with that soft and chewy interior. They're really a winner in my book. And they are the perfect cookie, if you're a beginner, and just learning to cook, they're so easy to do. Or if you want to impress somebody special in your life, I would highly recommend the snickerdoodle. I hope you guys give this one a try and let me know what you think. And I also hope you give the audible app a try. I think you will really enjoy the secret diary of Lizzie Bennett. And hey, take advantage of the free trial. Alright, I will see you guys back here next week for another delicious recipe. Until then, bye! I know. I've been holding you up so you know. And the waves are tied to the shore.