 Hello, my name is Vak Nelson and I have an LG Front Load Wash machine which will not spin. I'm going to show you the steps to take to figure out why it will not run. So the first thing you want to do is take the top cover and the back panel off. And to take the top cover off you want to remove these two clips right here. And you just pull right off. And also remove your back panel. And then open it slightly and it will come out of the groove. And take that up. To remove the top cover, do you want to do a slide it back, a couple inches and then lift up. Next thing you are going to want to do is test a three phase motor and see if all the windings are good. To test the motor windings you are going to want to take your multimeter and turn it on to ohms. Take the three prong connector from your motor. Unclug the terminal. And between any three terminals, between any three wires, your ohms should read between 7.5 and 7.8 ohms. If you got those readings between all the terminals, your windings are okay. So knowing that your windings are okay, the next thing you want to test is the control board. You must first plug in our machine and go into the diagnostics mode. To enter the diagnostics mode, you must hold the spin speed and soil levels button simultaneously and then press the power button. Once in the diagnostics mode, you will want to press the start button one time to lock the door and then one time to go into spin. Go to reads for zero RPMs, which is our problem. The motor will not spin. So while in the diagnostics spin mode, you want to go to the rear of your machine and pull your power terminal off your motor. Next, you want to take your multimeter and turn it on to volts AC. AC, if you get between 140 and 150 volts between the three terminals. If you do not receive any voltage, your control board has failed. No voltage. So knowing your control board has failed, you are going to need to replace the control board. And to do that, you are going to want to unplug the power to the machine and remove the one screw from the pressure switch. Remove the pressure switch and set aside. After that, you want to remove the terminal, power terminal going in. And then with the plug unit, pull these clips back. Remove them. The face removed, unplug all your terminals. Once all the terminals are removed, you want to take the screw on the back of the control board out. Once that is removed, you can slide your control board through the right. Hold that. Put that out. Put the new control board in the exact way you got in it. I conclude to my video. You