 Hello, hello my beautiful lovelies, Hi, it's Emmy and welcome back to another product test. Today I'll be testing this and this very slimly packaged thing contains two bags that allow you to make grilled cheese in your regular pop-up toaster. It's supposed to make them crispy and melty and it's supposed to be super simple. You just place it in the bag, toasted away. It also allows you to reheat french fries and this looks like a fajita or something and chicken nuggets. Pizza. One of my viewers actually told me about this on my Facebook page. They asked me to test it out to see if it actually worked and I looked it up and I said, yes, that looks very interesting. So here I am today. If you've missed my past gadget testings, be sure to check out the place up at the link there and in the description. It includes lots of vintage items as well. Alright, let's go ahead and get started. These are toaster bags. It's better in the bag. Can you use each bag up to 50 times? I'm not sure what happens on the first time. Does it self-implode? Does it just shred? Does it catch on fire? Does the non-stick wear out? Not really sure. Not much to the directions here. It just says to prepare and insert into toaster bag. Place into your toaster. It doesn't even say what temperature. And then enjoy your perfectly grilled cheese. No mess, no fuss. Inside here, we have the tails. Nope, no, in other instructions. Two square bags. If you look closely, it looks kind of woven and it feels kind of like nylon kind of plasticky and it is a pouch. Interesting and it's non-stick. The first thing I notice is you have to make sure you have bread that will fit inside one of these bags. Hopefully mine will. Before I do this, I probably should define what I mean by grilled cheese. Today I'm going to be making the classic American cheese version of grilled cheese. You can of course make it with cheddar or any kinds of Swiss or almond-follower, any kind of beautiful cheese you like. But to me, grilled cheese is grilled cheese when it's oozy, goosey, plasticky American cheese. It's actually not one of my favorites. I much prefer a piece of cheesy toast, a little sourdough toast with some really nicely broiled, sharp cheddar cheese on top. But today we're making grilled cheese. We're not making crispy cheesy toast. Foda-edled little disclaimer there. Alright, let's go ahead and get started. If this works, I think this would be a great thing for kids. Like a great after-school snack. They don't have to butter any bread, use any hot pans, dirty any hot pans, right? Just use the toaster. So, got myself two pieces of bread. American sliced plastic cheese. And I'm going to place that on top. I'm just going to do one. Close that up. I'm not going to butter it or anything. Let's see if this will fit. Yep, theoretically it should fit. These are very thin. Very thin, slightly fragile. Okay, so it's not really wanting to go in this way. So I'm going to turn it 90 degrees and put it in this way. The next limiting factor is probably going to be the width of your toaster slot. If it's not going to be wide enough to accommodate your sandwich, your sort of out of luck. Alright, let's see if mine is. La la la la la la. Have my toaster here. It doesn't say at what level you should put this on. I'm going to go for a medium high. So mine goes up to seven. Let me put this on five. Drop this in there. Hot seems weird to be putting the bag in your toaster. Alright, here we go. Alright, alright, I'll come back when this pops. Okay, so the toaster bag just sprung up. Alright, so it says that this is going to be hot. Wink. Alright, here we go. Oh, medium high is a little bit too high. So if you do this, put this on medium. A little bit dark on that side, but toasted. A little bit light on this side. Interesting. Now, let's see if the cheese is melted. Well, I'll be. Look at that. Alright, alright. Now, let's cut that. Nice and crispy. Great. Alright, to docking. Mm-hmm. Hmm, and that's a super fast snack. I think I could use a second slice of cheese. A little skimpy on the cheese amount there. So next time I would do this, I would add another slice of cheese. Full disclosure, grilled cheese is not one of my most favorite sandwiches. Kind of need a cup of soup or something to dip this in, and then this would be much better. But super convenient, fast, no dirty dishes or pans to wash. Well, I didn't get a plate. But in terms of cooking things, great. Super simple and easy, fast, great for, I think, an after-school snack for kids. So it does work, and it works pretty well. One thing I feel that is missing a little bit in this grilled cheese is a little bit of butter. It says not to use any wet ingredients when making anything in the toaster bag, so I didn't want to put butter on it. But it is missing that kind of greasy buttery flavor, in my opinion. But yeah, still pretty good for what it is, right? Alright, next we're going to test its reheating abilities. So I've got some cold but cooked french fries and chicken nuggets. Two chicken nuggets. Alright, now I'm going to turn on the heat. I'm going to put this on three and a half. Slide my chicken nuggets in there. And my french fries. Alright, here we go. Ooh. Okay, give me a little help. Alright, be right back. Right. So the snacks just popped. Let's see how they are. Definitely hear some sizzling. It smells like chicken nuggets. Alright, let's go. Ooh. Let's see a little bit of grease on the bag. They said that these are washable. You can wash them with soapy water. And the sponge. Whoa, interesting how they all clump together. So maybe I should put fewer french fries in here. Some of them sound kind of crisp. The ones that were on the edges, but this kind of mass or ball of french fries seem to be a little bit soggy. Alright, let's go and go. Very similar to what would happen if you put these into a toaster oven. If you placed like a single layer of these french fries on a pan and placed them in the oven, warmed up, slightly soggy and a little bit greasy, but certainly better than cold. Alright, let's try the chicken nuggets. The chicken nuggets sound like they've crisped up nicely. Yep, let's give them a taste. Mmm-hmm. That actually worked really well. Crispy, nice and warm in the middle, but they're not soggy at all. They taste relatively fresh. French fries, not so much, but french fries are something that you need to eat right away. They don't really lend well to being reheated in any form. So in conclusion, these toaster bags do work. Again, I think they'd be great for kids after school. Would I use them? Probably not. If I need to make a girl cheese, I'll just make it in a pan. And if I need to re-warm things, I'll just pop them into the oven. So there you have it, toaster bags. Let me know in the comments if there are the things that you like me to test or try or taste. And yeah, thanks so much for joining me. Hope you guys enjoyed that one. I hope you guys learned something. Share this video with your friends and follow me on social media. And I shall see you in my next video. To do, take care. Bye! In the comments, bye! You want to hear me be like a pyramid? It sounds more of ferrim and ligand in my head since my teeth are kind of vibrating.