 Alright guys it's Dan Banks here from T-shirt, Sawhouse, today I got a little helper. He's just hanging out for the day and we are making a shirt for him. I'm gonna put up the actual digital, what I met with him came up with. We just went on Google, found him and we're kind of an energy one. I wanted a shirt. What words did you want to say? I wanted to say shirt, me and guys, my name is Simon. I might have known because I made a video before down Florida, but my dad, my mom, my dad, my mom, my dad. And my name is Simon, my dad, my work is all you can call me just so. Alright, so Simon came up with his artwork so I put it together about the actual press cut. Alright, then we're gonna weed it out. We're gonna make a video, weed it out and then putting it on his shirt. Alright, so we'll be back. Bye guys. Alright, so what I'm gonna do is I just found the image off of Google right here. And I'm gonna live trace it until I find one that I like. I usually use one color logo or comic art. Alright, then you need to press expand at the top, then ungroup it, and then I just deleted the bottom portion. So right now I'm just gonna go around, I've already found the font set I like, so I'm just gonna go around and show this is what it would look like as far as on the shirt because we're putting it on the red shirt. So I'm just gonna use limited milk font and one right shark. Alright, and then we're gonna rotate it a little bit, put it there, and resize it how I want to get it. And then we're gonna take it, copy it. Alright, and then make man the same thing. Rotate it. Alright, and put on the other side. And that's pretty much the design. The way it goes, let's just click this on, nothing to say, image off of Google. Okay, so then from there, we're gonna go over the silhouette. Alright, once we, I'm sorry, I gotta save it first. So once I save it, save it black and white, because silhouette is just a little funny when you're trying to do different colors. So I'm saving the file. Alright, then once I save it, put it on its own folder in my drop box. Then I'm gonna save it again as a JPEG. Alright, I'm gonna go on export as a JPEG. Export RBG. Sometimes if you don't do RBG, it gets a little crazy. Like, you have a boot that glends around it. So now that I'm actually in silhouette, I'm just gonna open up my file. Once it opens up, just going to size it down. Alright, select trace area, hold box, under click high pass filter, drag my image off to the side, flip horizontally. Alright, and now it's ready to print. So I just have to go to my cut settings. Alright, we'll make it 11, this is big. Alright, for that first, I'm gonna go over to my cut settings. And I'm gonna select heat press of item material smooth. Alright, then I'm gonna scroll down a little bit. And I'm going to increase my thickness and change it to automatic blade, because we use automatic blade. That's it. Alright guys, we're back. Alright, real quick. Open the head and weed it, because as you guys know, I can't find a video right now. And I have a chance to order it. So here's the artworks. Alright, we're back. Yeah, that's not all. This is the, this is, I think it is on backwards wise, but it's not. I like it, I like when we did this, because my favorite animal is a shark. And we couldn't find a shark meat picture. And this is why I wanted to say a shark meat. See if you can read it says shark meat. And if you look at this video, you're gonna like this. So this is why I wanted this animal. Alright guys, I'm gonna show you guys a real quick tip. I usually don't view this, but sometimes I do. So you can fold your shirt in half. This is how you almost get a perfectly centered design. So you can fold your design in half. Press it for like four seconds. Alright, that'll give you a crease down the middle. Get a crease down the middle, and then you can fold it actually up by right under the armpits. Press it again. And that'll give you a nice little center point. Alright, and then lastly, as you get ready to press it, I always like to press upside down. So as you get ready to press, you'll see a little, you actually see a square. So you'll see, hard to see right here, but it's a lie here and a lie going down the middle. So now, when I get ready to go and press, I have a perfectly centered spot. Now what you wanna do is you wanna take this folded design in half. Alright, I'm gonna fold the shark in half like such. And I'm gonna pinch it a little bit just to give me a center line on the shark. It won't mess up your vinyl. So don't worry about that. And then you can place your creases together. Alright, so that looks pretty straight. So you're gonna press it. Alright, we got a press of 15 seconds. So there's a counter right here. So when it's done, it's gonna beat it. So we're gonna hop in and we're gonna press it again for around 10 seconds. So if you guys are in the arts and crafts with different things like that, you can just simply make the arts and crafts with your family, with your friends, with your kids. Or your cousins or anybody else. I do different things like this for like my daughter's birthday parties and different things like that. So maybe I'll make them. I think one year we made them custom night sleepers with their names on them for our party guests. Alright, so what you think of your shirt? Yeah, I like this shirt. He made my favorite animal character. And it just saved shark me and I didn't know what else I could put on there. I just didn't want to put anything else on there. So I like this shirt. You can leave in the comments. They said if you like this shark, shark, shark, if you hit it and I don't care because I really like this shirt. Alright guys, it's been staying in banks. Here with side. Happy print. Alright, so tell everybody what's going on in your second shirt. My second shirt, I wanted my shirt to stay Friday because I like to see Friday every time I go to my pop house. My pop up house. Because he got my favorite CV and I won't name some of the characters. Like they got smokey, they got crags, these Jones. That's crags that missy Jones. That's crags mom. And Mrs. Parker and Mr. Parker. He's like this big. And the preacher, I forgot his name but he, but he bowed. Craig got his crack sister. And who owes big room. The old lady. Alright guys, stand back here with two shirts on. I also got side with me. He's going to tell you about real quick, real quick about his second shirt, his last shirt. And go ahead and tell him about this shirt. This shirt is for me and I like this. He's all in on me. Where did you come up with the idea from? From a movie from 1995 or 1955. In 1995, he called what? Friday. And you like that movie why? Because B-Bow is smoky and they're in big room and Craig and everybody else, they're funny to me. And the old lady, she's weird and she doesn't know what she talks about. She doesn't like when she did the movie I think. Alright so you made two thirds of the day, like go for them. If you all see me with these shirts, if I wear these shirts, you can say hi to me if you like them. Alright, what's it going on by them? Just come to me and I'll ask my wife. And I will make your shirt for you with him. I'm designing it to say what the design would. We'll help and we'll be back guys. Alright, peace out. Happy Britain. Peace! Happy Britain!