 Hey everybody, it's Ben with the ReliableSeries.com. Today I'm showing you how to wax canvas. And I'm doing my business bag. The reason I'm waxing my bag is I spill coffee on it all the time and it stains. So waxing it will make it waterproof and my bag will last a little bit longer. So first of all you're going to need to clean your bag, the outside and the inside. For the inside grab a vacuum and start going. Because you're going to be brushing liquid wax onto the canvas, you need the surface to be clean. If there's specs to breathe dust or anything on there, it's going to get between the canvas and the wax. It could leave a permanent stain or it's just not going to look as clean. So you can use a vacuum to do that and just suck everything off of there. Or if you have an air compressor, you can just put some air on there and that'll blow everything off. So I decided to use Filson's original oil finish wax. It comes in solid form obviously and I used a butter knife to scoop it. Right now I've got it melting in a little frying pan right here on low heat. And as soon as it's a warm liquid, you're ready to brush it onto your canvas bag. So the bag is clean and ready to be waxed. This is hot over the stove. I just brought it out into the garage. And all you do is evenly and generously just start going on there with a brush. Don't use a foam brush because the hot wax can melt material. So just use a regular old paint brush and start spreading it on. When you're in the middle of wax and your bag, make sure to get in all the nooks and crannies, including on both sides of this brown piece right here, just because you want to cover every square inch that water can get into the bag. It doesn't go on evenly. There's a dark spot there, a dark spot there, another one right there, but just wait until you get the heat gun going. As you can see, it's slowly going to melt the wax into the canvas and even everything out. It's called impregnating the wax. So give me a couple minutes to do these dark spots, the whole bag, and it should look pretty nice when I'm done. All right, everyone. So we successfully applied and impregnated the wax into the bag. It's on there nice and even and it's the moment of truth right now. We're going to see if it's actually waterproof. So here we go. There we go, everyone. Waxed canvas bag. You can spill whatever you want on it and it's not going in. All right, well, thanks everybody for joining me today. And now you know how to wax canvas. If you ever need American or Canadian made outdoor goods, make sure you stop by the reliable series.com.