 I have my cake baked and my homemade ice cream made up and ready to go. So you want to have these two things prepped and ready to go before you start assembling. So I have a cake cutting tool that I'm going to be using to slice the cake in half and I have my parchment paper that I'm going to flip the cake onto that set aside. And first I'm going to get started with the ice cream. It takes about 20 to 30 minutes to turn. So I'm going to get this started. And while this is churning, then I will cut the cake in half. So I have an ice cream attachment for my kitchen aides. So I'm going to go ahead and put this together. So I'm going to cut it into half and then I'm going to cut it into half. So I'm going to cut it into half and then I'm going to cut it into half. So I'm going to cut it into half and then I'm going to cut it into half. So I'm going to cut it into half and then I'm going to cut it into half. So what I'm going to do is cut off the top uneven layer. To assemble the ice cream cake, we're going to take the bottom layer, which is actually still on the bottom plate. We're going to place that back into the pan. Then we're going to take our fresh ice cream. If you make homemade ice cream, you want to make it fresh and then put it right into the pan because it's still very soft and easy to spread. So using store bought ice cream, then you want to make sure you leave it set out a little bit so it's nice and soft. So I'm just going to spread this around. You want to be careful you're not pulling up the cake as you're spreading it and then mixing the cake crumbs into the ice cream. So you just want to plop down some sections here. Now that we have a nice thick ice cream layer, you just want to go ahead and even this out a little bit. Once you have your ice cream in the pan and it's nice and even, you want to take your second top layer of cake and set that on top. Make sure it's nice and even and flat. And then you're going to place this back into the freezer for a good four or more hours. You want to make sure this is nice and frozen solid. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching.