 Okay, today we're going to make a recipe based on white trash, but we did it for Halloween, so we caught Halloween trash. And so what do you need is some powdered sugar, and this one's open, so I'm not going to pick it up, so you need just powdered sugar. We have two bags, two 12 ounce bags of white chocolate chips. I don't think this is going to be enough, so we have two squares of almond box we're going to use in there, so that's another four ounces. We have a four ounce box of Reese's Pieces, and this is just like a movie box. And we've got these new candy corn im anems, and this is a almost a ten ounce bag. And the most really mixed together, if you want more peanut flavor, like the peanut butter flavor, you can put more Reese's Pieces and less im anems, whatever you want to do. It's going to use six cups of cinnamon checks mix, or cinnamon checks, and it's going to use three cups of Cheerios. And if you want to, you can switch out and use more checks instead of Cheerios, or whatever you want to do. We're also going to use about two cups, so I'm going to do about two and a half, three handfuls of pretzels, and I'll take these and I'll break them into pieces. And then we're going to use two cups of cocktail peanuts in this mix. So the first thing I want to do is really just go ahead and mix my peanuts up, and I'm going to put them in a bowl. One thing you do want to have ready though is the cookie sheet, another with a lip on it, and parchment paper is what we use, that way the wax paper melts. The parchment paper doesn't have a wax coating, and you'll need a pan, of course, to melt your chocolate in. So I'm going to start breaking up my pretzels. And if you get two good side handfuls, that's probably around two cups, I think that would be plenty, especially once I break them up. And I'm just going to take them and break them up, and then I'll come back. Alright, I've got my pretzels crushed up, and you can see they're not small pieces, but they're not huge pieces either. So now I'm going to take my cinnamon check snips, and it's easier if you go ahead and take it out of the bag, and I'm going to need six cups of this, and this will probably use quite a bit of this. And now I need three cups of Cheerios, and again I like to take it out of the box, it's easier to build up. And then we need two cups of mix nuts, and I'm just going to pour them in here, not mix nuts, peanuts. Alright, so I've got my, we get two cups of peanuts. You could use, you know, whatever kind of nuts you like, if you like pecans, if you want to cache shoes or whatever, you could put whatever you want it to in here, I would think anything would be good. And then I'm going to put our candy in here, and again the Reese's pieces is, we always use the Reese's pieces, but the M&M, you could use regular M&Ms, you could use Christmas M&Ms if you were making it for Christmas, or you could use all Reese's pieces if you want to. So, just whatever you want to use, these are more Halloweeny colors, so that's one of the reasons we got them. And these are only available at Halloween, they're, I think they're new this year, okay? I don't know if they're new or not. I'd like to try one too, because they're candy corn or something. That's pretty good. Got a different flavor to them. And they're big. They taste, they're very sweet. Yeah, I'm just going to mix these up. The best I can. I need a little bit bigger bowl, I think I can do a little. Okay, so now that I've got all my dry ingredients mixed, what I'm going to do is I'm going to melt my chocolate in a pan. If you have a double bowl, that's great, we don't have a double bowl, so I'm just going to cook it on really low heat to melt. And then I'm going to pour it over here and just mix it up, and then I'll show you what I'm going to do next. The chocolate's melted now, and I had to divide my mixture up between two bowls because it was just so much, I knew I couldn't fold it if I was, I had it in one bowl, so what I'm going to do is I'm going to take this, it stays melted pretty long period time anyway, but I'm going to try to pour about half of this over this mixture, maybe a little bit more than half, because that bowl, I think, is a little slower than the other one. If any more, I can add more. And what I'm going to do is I'm just going to fold this up and try to coat as much of that as I can in my chocolate. And you, it'll get kind of thick, so you can just go push it in there a little bit. And you're trying to get as much of the cereal coated as you possibly can without breaking the cereal up into powder, it's not small. Just like, kind of going around the edges and pushing it with the back of the spoon, because if you really like stir it, you're going to just tear it up in big hunts. And it should be pretty dry. I mean, it's not going to be soaking wet with chocolate. It should be just coating it, not, not drenched like the bark, which is kind of thick on there. We just want it lightly coating. And actually, that's about, that looks about perfect to me. Now you could take this right now and put it on parchment paper and spread it out and eat it just like this. We, however, like to add powdered sugar to it, which adds, you know, that extra little something to it. So what I, you do is you get a ziplock bag and you just take, this already has some powdered sugar in it, but you just take this and don't throw it in on the floor. It's scooping some of your mixture in there. You see, I've got about half a bag of mixture and one of it is, I'm going to seal it up to where it leaves just a little hole in the middle so it doesn't go everywhere. And really, you just want to take this and kind of mix it around with your powdered sugar and you can see it kind of makes a mess. So you'll have to throw the bag away when you get done. And again, just shake it around in there. You can't mess it up really when you shake it, shake it. And then what I'm going to do is now I'm going to take an parchment paper and you want to do it fairly quick doing this whole process, but take your mixture and pour it out on your pan. And actually for this batch, it's almost individually coated. If you want chunks, like I'll probably work on my next batch, I'll do the little chunks. I'll put less powdered sugar in there next time to where it just coats like chunks of the mixture, but I'm going to finish the rest of these up and I'll show you when I get done. Alright, these are, they're finished. They're made too, huge batches. They make quite a bit. This was the first bowl that I made and you can see it's a little drier and a little more separated. The second batch had more white chocolate in it, so I just didn't split it up very evenly. But you can tell they're in bigger chunks of stuff. So if you like the bigger chunks, which I kind of like the big chunks too, if you like that, just add a little, make sure your mixture has got a lot of chocolate in it. It's not real dry. Okay, I'm going to try some of this. I'm just going to grab a clump. Oh wow, that is so, so awesome. I can eat that whole pan right now. That cinnamon checks makes all the difference in the world. We've had it with regular checks before and it didn't have near this fiber. This is awesome. We got these treat bags. They're just plastic, got cut treat bags that have little candy corn ball. We got them at the Dollar Tree for $1 or $25 of them. So that should be more than enough. If people are going to eat them in Tho-moie and you feed out them in Tho-moie anyway. So last one, tons of money on little treat bags. And they come with a little twist ties so you can hold them together. Or you can use yarn if you want to be not you can use like yarn or ribbon or whatever you want to put. You don't have to just use a black twist tie. What I'm going to do is I'm just going to take a spoon and just scoop some in there. And if you want to get some from both batches, maybe a little of the of the jar mix and maybe some bigger hunks. You know, do that. And then when you get it as full as you want, it's got this kind of tapered area right there in the middle. Just take it and then you can give it a twist and pull off one of your twist ties and twist it down there and you're ready to go. Or tie a ribbon. I was still putting the twist on there to hold it together. But then you can tie a ribbon or a bow or a yarn or whatever you want to do.