 Hi guys, so I'm going to show you how to mix paint into like any air dry clay, paper clay, cold porcelain, etc. etc. So first you're going to need some kind of white clay stuff. I use paper clay and I keep it in this little airtight jar thing. So first you're going to need some of that. Drop it. Anyways, so I've been doing this like all day today. And then you want to make sure you put it back in there. So first thing you're going to need is cold porcelain clay or I guess you could use scolvier. I don't know I've never used like polymer clay for this. I'm have just done cold porcelain and paper clay. So you're just going to get as much as you want. And then you're going to need a paintbrush or you could use your finger if you like. So yeah keep watching if you want to learn. Oh I think you guys can see. So okay. So you're going to get your paint that you want. And wow that looks weird. Opened by paint that looks really cute. Anyways that's really cool but I'm going to kill it now. So you're going to get some paint and you're going to blob it onto your thing and then you're going to mix that in but don't like wash your paint brush off or because you might want to put more color or something into it. So you just start off with a little bit because your fingers will get messy obviously. And I just got some on my hand. But you're just going to kind of like mix it and um So you just kind of mix it and it helps like completely filled out. And as you could see mine's like mixed in now. It didn't change the color much. So I'm going to put in like a lot more because a little bit didn't change at all. So you just kind of keep mixing it in. And until it's the darkest or lightest or the color of your preference. And then I'm going to show you like how to put it into a mold. Obviously know how to put it into a mold but like because this is softer than pulling this way. And so I'm going to show you how to do that. And So I'm going to I've been making deco pieces. At the best time just kind of randomly talking because you guys are going to get bored with me. And so by the way if you have like a really light pastel color you're probably going to need to use a lot of it because I used a pastel like blue for a blue I made and it used up a lot. And now I'm using like a pistachio pastel looking green. It kind of looks like the color of pistachio pistachio scoffy. Um So if you use like a pastel yellow or green or pink or orange. So it's going to use a lot. Um I'm not sure if you put white in it if it'll turn like whiter because this is just a natural white. And So yeah I'm just going to like pause this and then show you what I'm done mixing it. So yeah, bye. So I have it um all mixed into the color that I like. And so now what you're going to do is you're going to wash your hands. So I'll be okay. Okay, so I wash my hands and then I'll prevent like the color from being really clumped onto the paint and your stuff because it'll dry in the say you clump so take and then now I'm going to show you how to put it into a mold because it's quite stuff. Um, so just choose the amount you want. And that's a lot too much. So I'm going to be using a fluffy soil mold. Um, I do not recommend putting these in handles because I don't think it will come off. I'm pretty sure it'll stick because it's pretty sticky. So you're going to put it into your mold. And all you do is you just do it like a regular one. You just kind of do this. It pops out. In blood, you have your new piglet clay or co-porswiny deflapis or you can use it as a young one. Tom, so you have to say hi guys.