 Hey guys, John Angle here. And as you've noticed, that's the S281 that I sold about six months ago. So what's going on? Okay, just to cut to the short of it, from the moment I sold this vehicle and watched it drive out of my driveway, I regretted it. Now, the wonderful thing is I did sell it to a close friend, so I have been honey badgering the hell out of them since they bought it to say, oh, if you're going to sell the car, it goes back to me. I want to buy the car. Hey, do you want to sell the car? Finally, I bothered them enough or persuaded them enough to sell her back to me. And I am super excited. No, I'm not selling the 2003 Hollywood horsepower edition that I bought. That one gets to stay. So in a way, if I didn't sell this one, I would have never got the other Celine. And for that, I'm very happy. Now, one of the things, and really the only thing that has happened to this car since he took it away was one. He did fix all the issues that it had with it. So it's running, driving, and everything's great. However, there are some decal issues that I'm going to have to replace now. And that's really what this video is about today. Okay. So on the Chevron, you can see that it's just turned to peel off. And it's from age. These vinyl decals, after a certain amount of time of being in the sun and just heat and everything, they become brittle and they start flaking off. And that's great. However, it's leaving the sticky residue underneath it. And when I do go up here to try to peel it off, it's not coming off, but in little, little pieces. So I can imagine if I started peeling at this, I'd say about four days later I might be done and I'm probably going to have to repaint the door. So I need to come up with something better and I think I have an idea. Okay. So I know you're asking what's this great idea. I had seen these on a TV show and it's a four inch decal remover. And it's basically a big rubber wheel that has a chuck on it so that I can put it into a drill, which I'm going to do right now. Let's see if that goes in there. And it becomes a big eraser for your car. Now I have never used one of these before and I'm kind of curious to see what it's going to do. Hopefully it's not going to take off the paint. Hopefully it's going to take off the decal. Let's see what happens. I don't even know how do you hold. So it's not the most easy to hold either. Let's see what happens. Well, oh man. So it's at least pulled it off to where I can peel this off pretty nicely. That's pretty awesome. Let's see if I can get this stuff off. Well guys, I'm not going to lie. This thing's amazing. I mean, yeah, for the most part it peeled off and I didn't think that it would. But for the sections that it left the residue and that it was already peeled, look, it is as smooth as a baby's bottom. All of that's off. I do have this little piece here. That's because it's actually vinyl below this body molding. I'm going to have to get an exacto knife and cut that so that it goes down as far as possible. This is amazing. I can't believe I've never used one of these before. This thing is worth its weight and gold. I think that it was $10. I will never remove decals again the same way. This thing is awesome. I'm flabbergasted. I have removed decals so many times and it has taken me forever and then I use Goo Gone. This just removes everything without using Goo Gone. It takes it off. So why have I never used one of these before? How did I not know about this? I wanted to share it with you that way. You don't spend the same amount of time removing decals as I have in the past. This thing really does work well. Okay. Well, that's all for this one. Hopefully you liked it. Give me a thumbs up. Hit the subscribe button. We're almost to a thousand subscribers and stay tuned. We'll catch you next time.