 Hi my name is Michelle and today I'm going to show you how to make your own bottle treat. This is my bottle treat. What I did was as I took, see if you can see I took some screws right here, you put two in and like okay like see here's a nail it's gonna have like a lip on it especially if you're gonna go like under the tree. I like so. Let me see how's a bad example. Okay here we go let's see here this is this is my bottle treat. See you get it cool I love this tree. Anyways you can use two nails when you're going straight on or up and down, up and down or straight on like this but when you start angling like this to get the bottles to go under the tree like so. Then you gotta use screws like here's three screws right here. This is so it grabs the bottle, the bottle holds on to the screws and they don't fall. I haven't put any here yet and you will get some that fall and break but anyways I've got way up there to do those and if they're not secure the window take them you know break them or whatever but in some of them do fill up with liquid water whatever it's called the bottle treat as you can see in front of my adjacent he made that sign for me but yeah this is my bottle tree. This is what this is my hobby. You can you can make them to where they spin where it looks like they spin around the tree. Just gonna be careful here you don't fall down because she's very easy to go down. Anyways you take three inch or four inch sized nails so you can put the bottles on them. I got bigger ones in that that I used for the liquor bottles. As you can see the liquor bottles or they get pretty big and pretty heavy. But this is what I used for them. It's a big nail. To hold them up to hold them on the tree there's a couple smaller ones but I mean you take a bottle like this is huge. Okay blue grout. See when you get the bottles like this they're heavy so you have to you know make sure that they're put on the tree fairly on a fairly sturdy nail. But yeah the street is in Garland, Garland Texas. I love it. It occupies my time free time. This is my my world out here. With this tree this tree is dying anyways so you know it's good conversation piece anyways. And then at night I got lights that shine on it so people can see it but because the park is like right behind the house so people won't find it gives us something to look at anyways but they're you know they say the blue bottles they say that the bottle tree the blue bottles supposedly the bottles attract negative souls or spirits and they get trapped in the blue bottles. That's what they say but I like it because of the colors and I like glass anyways so yeah. I might get up a little bit higher but I'm kind of chicken. I'm almost scared of heights but so that's pretty high enough I guess for me. So yeah this is my bottle tree. Oh and I don't drink. I got a friend of mine that he likes to drink and have get the others and stuff. Thanks Edward for the bottles. He's giving me most of them and then the end she works at a bar so let's try to get the liquor bottles some of them but and we're donated as other bottles but yeah and of course there's other people that's giving me their bottles too that they recycle but they for several weeks they give me their bottles and then I let them recycle their bottles for several more weeks and then they'll give me more bottles so I can finish my tree. But yeah it's very interesting. Thank you for watching.