 Hey guys, how's it going room there from the mid-night garage? So I got some issues with the windows of my Ciccita Puccino and today I'm going to fix that. So the issues I'm having is that the window doesn't want to move up and down. I know the engine works because when I click it, I hope you can hear it. I hear the engine trying to move and I can make it down a little bit and now with some problem up but it can't go down all the way and it can't go up all the way. So probably it's stuck somewhere and I'm going to fix that. So the first thing I need to do is remove the door panel. Well, that was actually really easy. Just three screws and I don't know, four trim pieces in total. So there are two pieces holding the window mechanism in place. It's this one here. It goes all the way here and there's one that goes from here all the way down. And I'm going to loosen these bolts right here. So I can give the entire mechanism a little bit more clearance and hopefully then I'll be able to push it all down. Well, fortunately that worked. Now I am going to remove the window from the mechanism. So I'm going to undo the bolts here and there. If there is no force from the window, it should probably move up and down rather easily. All right, I've removed the bolts. I've pulled the window up and in theory I should be able to move the mechanism freely now. So now that I've seen that it moves freely once the window is detached, I can be sure that it's one of the two sliders that's problem. So I'm going to grease them up. Now since there are two types of tracks here for the window, there are two different methods and I'll show you guys both methods. This is the first one. This is a metal type of track and what I usually use for that is white lithium grease. But according to the guys from the Suzuki owners club, they've told me that I can better use motor oil. So I'm going to try that out. So they said just put a little bit of motor oil in here. Now the reason that the guys from the Suzuki owners club recommend motor oil is because the excess motor oil drops all the way down to the bottom of the door and then comes to need a little puddle there that prevents rust which is a nice double feature if you ask me because I don't know if you've seen previous videos but this is a cappuccino but rust is pretty much an issue with this car. Well, that at least one of the two problems now. The other track is quite a different track. This is one you see more likely in most of the cars and this is a rubber type of track and it pretty much guides the window up and down. And what you use for this to clear a thing up is silicon spray. That's easiest to remove the window but the method I usually use is spraying it in like this all the way in between and then it can run all the way down the sill. Well, that does seem to help a whole lot more since I'm to reattach our thing and see if it works now. Now everything's reattached, that's see if it works. Well. Nice. Now obviously I need to re-adline the guide rails so I'm going to loosen everything and then I'll put everything on top and as soon as there's no gap here I know I have alignment properly. Now a proper window alignment is different for a car so you need to figure that out yourself but just try to re-align everything until everything goes up smoothly up and down and it doesn't go out of the track or any gap between the window. Right, the window is aligned properly, I put the door cart back and now you can see the window is an absolute mess so I'm going to clean that up. Alright, one final tip though and that's what you're doing is make sure you turn your car on every once in a while because our windows they drain your battery really quick and I've almost had a drain battery just now when I was aligning everything. So yeah guys that was the video for today, I hope you liked it, leave a like if you did and hit the subscribe button if you want to see more hudders and hopefully we'll see you guys in the next video. Bye.