 One of my most requested recipes by my fabulous girlfriends, of course, is spinach artichoke dip. Now you know there are loads of chunks inside of that usually. So what I like to do is make my lighter version of a naughty food made nice. I love calling this hot stuff spinach artichoke dip. First thing you're going to do is get a saute and go ahead and eat that up. And of course we're going to get our olive oil in here, the Indian bottle. That table spooner too will do. And then we're going to get our onions. So about one small yellow onion chopped and we're going to start sauteing that off. And my garlic too. So the next thing I'm going to do is grab my spinach. So I'm going to put this on in and let it wilt down. Alright let's wash that cook down for just a bit. See the water content already cooked down? That's the aromatic essence of onion and garlic and spinach all wilted down. The other component to this dish obviously is going to be artichokes. You want to get them full or quartered and then just toss them on it. So here comes the nice, now is the naughty. Green cheese and mayonnaise. Go ahead and use light cream cheese. And then the next thing that I love is light mayonnaise that we're going to add in. So here's the barmesan cheese about a quarter of a cup. Now this mix has cooked down slightly. I'm going to turn the heat off and I'm going to marry the two. So naughty meets nice. And then we're going to fold this all in together to make one batch of batter. Salt a little bit of pepper. Here's how to stretch some party flatters. Instead of putting out one mother load, one out put out of being small baby loads. So what I advised was cute little ramikins for my spinach artichoke dip. We're going to fill these up to the brim. And a little bit of palm cheese goes a long way. Remember, it's robust and flavor so you only need a little bit. All right, so now that these are all in here, we're going to put these into an oven. That's 375 degrees for 30 minutes. So now that it's ready, let's take these and others out. And that is low. That is looking as if they see us up. So the best way to plate these up is with their companion, Christine. Now all this is, is a local bread that's about about 29. You slice them on the bias, put some olive oil on it. And garlic, and some of the ovens, salt. And you got yourself a gorgeous gourmet treat. This is party planning for young broly, put fabulous. And we're going to put some olive oil on it. And we're going to put some olive oil on it. And we're going to put some olive oil on it. And we're going to put some olive oil on it. And we're going to put some olive oil on it. Stag up your copy of Pretty Delicious at PrettyDeliciousCookBook.com.