 Living to another country always makes you miss the foods that you grew up on. Growing up in America, there are so many different foods and drinks that I just love so much and I taste it every day that they just don't exist in the UK. And in fact, I forget that they exist until something randomly triggers my memory and I'm like, oh my god! Clay! Recently, London has been having a lot of sunny days, which is lovely. In fact, it's been so sunny and London recently, some have begun to call it, sun-dun. I am not one of those people. I am. Now, on these long summer days, you know what I thirst for more than anything else? The taste of sun-t. But the other day, when I tweeted out, when I remembered sun-t existed and I tweeted, man, I could really go for a cup of sun-t. None of y'all brits knew what I was talking about. Most of the tweets were like, what is sun-t? I'm very confused. Most of you were kind of like this. I don't even want to know what you're implying by sun-t. Which is fair enough. I mean, the British really pride themselves on their tea, which is for good reason, because it's just better here. You kind of have to accept that. No matter where you're from, it kind of just is a stated fact that British know their tea. However, when it comes to the best summertime drink for a hot summer's day, America, and particularly the South, really takes the cake with sun-t. Now, before we all start freaking out, because I'm mentioning things that I'm doing to your tea that you're not used to, let's calm down, okay? Respect the culture. Okay, respect my culture. How does one make the eponymous sun-t of which the video title claims its time to get into the recipe? Well, first things first, you do need a hot sunny day, so if it's not sunny right now where you are, well, you can't really make sun-t. It's in the name, okay? It's not like you're just going to get your sun to make tea for you. It's not like this. Well, the second most important ingredient in sun-t is the tea, the tea bags, and your boy accidentally bought to cap it into tea. Which is garbage. So I'm going to the store real quick and go get some real tea. Okay, so I'm back. I got myself some real tea. It's important, okay? You get your favorite black tea that could be English breakfast. I prefer Earl Grey. Make sure it has the caffeine. It doesn't need it, I guess, but who are you? If you're not going to do that. You can say maybe you can have another type of tea, but really, it's got to be the Earl Grey who's breakfast. Okay, that's doing that. Even if you're American, there's still no excuse to use lip-ton, okay? Three lip-ton in the trash. You're also going to need two jubs or pictures if you prefer baseball. These need to have some lids on them, or if you prefer you can saran wrap if you do not have a lid on them. Just make sure they are glass as the plastic will not taste nice out in the sun. And of course, after that, as long as you've got a faucet like this one right here, you should be fine. Or if you're a British A tap. I'm going to tap that. Wheeeee! That sink pun was pretty good, but I shouldn't have tried to faucet. You know, it was... The first step is to take your four to eight tea bags, depending on how strong you like your iced tea, and place them in your jugs. We're going to go with four for this size. Woop, woop! And we're going to go with six for this one right here. Next up, you're going to be filling your pictures with standard tap water. Believe me, it works. It's fine. Don't forget your lid. Ding! So as you can see, we've already started to get a little bit of some color change. So we're going to be putting them up here. Wheeeee! Wheeeee! Wheeeee up here, because the sun is hitting here all day. So we want to make sure that this stays in the direct sunlight for at least three hours. Like if you want to make sure it's properly brewed. The difference, by the way, between the taste of this and normal tea, is that with normal tea, the boiling water hits it immediately. It starts to steep. It's a different taste, whereas this is a slow, slow brew with the power of the sun. Okay? You can't be against it. We're going to have a time lapse. Let's see how it looks in three hours. Well, my camera originally overheated during the time lapse, so enjoy this one of the Nutrible Laps. And after a tea has been out in the sun for good three to four hours, it should get a nice, dark red consistency like this. It is time to chill it in the fridge. Take your jug and put it in the fridge to chill for a good hour. And after a good hour of chilling, you end the tea, our time to give it to your friends. Let's go. So now that our tea is fully chilled, it is time to prepare the beverages. For iced tea, you do need a nice amount of ice. It's not called, nice tea. It's sunny. Also, two slices of lemon, optional. I prefer lemon. It also makes the drink look nice and pretty. Now, the traditional sun tea does have sugar. It is sweetened. So I would recommend adding a nice amount of sugar. I don't measure it. Actually I just kind of pour it in there. You can have unsweetened but it is specified by sun tea. You either have tea or unsweetened. Not tea and sweetened. Automatically sweetened. Can I have unsweetened? Can I have... Can I... Can I... Can I... Absolutely making one sun tea and one unsweetened. There we go. Oh yeah. And you've got two delicious sun teas. Dinnnnnnnn. Let's go outside. So tell me what you guys think. Take a sip. I'm out of shot. Can I just... Sorry, I just really looked. That's really good. Can I try the sweetened one? Make sure that sugar is mixed well. Otherwise your patrons will not enjoy. Can we have to subscribe to your own patron now, Evan? Yes. You're sucking lemon. This one's better. I prefer this one. Okay, so Luke prefers the unsweetened. I think the taste of the tea is really... It's so strong. When with the sugar. Oh, I can't sleep. It's completely disagreeable. It really can't blend. You are entirely wrong. No. I will fight you to the day. As with most things, no British people can get along. But thank you for watching. Hope you've made some sun tea of your own. If you do, tweet me pictures. That'd be nice. I want more people to enjoy sun tea. I find it very delicious. It's one of my favorite things from where I'm from. And yeah, that'd be nice. Thanks for watching the video. Hope you have a lovely sunny rest of your summer. I'll see you later. I like bold. You are. Yeah.