 My name is Yuli. I'm the owner of Tenhaapa in Chinatown. So hapah is one of the most popular cuisine in Chinese culture. You put a simmering soup in the middle of the table, and then you can choose different flavor of broth. The one we serve at Tenhaapa is the spicy beef tada broth. You cook it with beef fat, and a lot of Chinese ingredients and spices like chili, peppercorn, dharanese, dried chili, gochis. So it really has the complex flavor that is unique in Sichuan hapah. This is actually our signature ten-pan. Inside is the pork bone broth cooked with chicken, and then outside is the spicy beef tada. So the first thing you hapah you would do is pick a dipping sauce. The traditional dipping sauce you would match with a spicy broth is a sesame oil. Here you see a Sichuan adventure platter. We have swampeo and corpola, like people might never heard of it in a restaurant before, but if you want to taste like authenticity in Sichuan, see what they really eat there. This will be the platter you order. So I always recommend people to put in the vegetables first, because it takes a longer time to cook. And so the vegetables won't absorb the flavor of other ingredients. After I put in the vegetables, the next thing I recommend is put in the meat and the organs. I just put in the beef tongue, dip it nine or ten times, until you don't see any red parts on the meat. But be a little spicy. The next thing I will put in is the beef trot. It's also called beef stomach. It's one of the signature dish in Sichuan cuisine. Eight seconds, then this is good to eat. The meat I'm putting now is a primary bite, since the meat is so fresh and creamy and you can only put in for like eight to ten seconds, then you can eat it. I like to eat my meat in a clear broth, so I can get the most taste after me. At last, I would recommend putting the pork blood, the swamp ale, and the chicken gizzard. It's better to eat them like after you boil them for like two or three minutes, and they can absorb all the flavor that's already in the soup. I recommend people putting the seafood after me, so the broth won't taste like seafood. The last, I would put in starch like the raw material noodles. Any starch would actually absorb all the flavors and thicken the soup, but everyone has their own taste, so everyone has their own way to cook hot pot. I've been going to Chengdu and try hot pot since I was little. So, you know, I had the flavor in my palate, and then when I moved to New York, I feel like this is something that can open the whole hot pot experience to people who have never had hot pot. It's good for going out with friends, family, you guys all cooking together. There's a lot of like teaching, that's what I try to bring to New York from Chengdu.