 Today I'm making tapacha, which I don't know how to pronounce, but it's a fermented traditional Mexican drink made out of pineapple rinds, which is a recipe I found because I didn't want to rake waste the rind anymore when I got a fresh pineapple. This pineapple is actually somewhat overripe because if I buy a green pineapple I want to use it immediately and if I buy a perfectly ripe pineapple it ends up going a few days. That's just how it is. So this is very yellow to the point of actually having turned kind of brown. So hopefully it is not gone bad inside or at least not too badly. I'm going to go ahead and show you how to cut it up. I just cut the top off first and then cut off the bottom and I'm going to discard those. If I had a pineapple that I was completely sure wasn't going bad I would save the bottom and put it in with the tapacha but for this I will just use the rinds and now as you cut you can see where these little brown spots are where the rind kind of comes in toward the flesh and I want to remove all of those from my pineapple. So I just take one spot where I see those there and kind of cut just deep enough to cut that off and then I go from the edge here to the edge of another one of those spots making sure that I'm getting all of the round rind off as I cut and then I just go around the pineapple like that. It's really not that scary of a thing to cut up a fresh pineapple. It's not any worse than any other cutting or peeling that you do in the kitchen. It just takes a little practice to get used to it and then sometimes as I cut this up I would cut out the rind and go ahead and throw that in the tapacha. If I'm juicing I definitely keep the rind the I'm sorry the core with the flesh and juice it because it has good brawmalant content and in this case I think we're just going to go ahead and eat the core with the flesh. Now I take a big bowl and I take all of these pieces of pineapple rind here. I'm checking to make sure they don't have any bad spots but actually this may have been close to it perfectly right pineapple. Those all seem to be perfectly fine and then I add 10 cups of water. One pineapple makes quite a bit of tapacha and then I'm going to take from over here the sugar mixture. This is a turbinado sugar melted into water or dissolved into water and then allowed to cool a little bit and then I have here some ginger just a sprinkling of ginger maybe a quarter of a teaspoon. That is my own addition to the recipe that is not traditional and then cinnamon you can use cinnamon chips for this. I usually have more like that have ground cinnamon around and maybe more like a teaspoon of cinnamon. I'll just kind of mix that in there and then this is the two cups of turbinado sugar dissolved into two cups of hot water and then preferably allowed to cool a little bit because you don't want to kill the yeast from the pineapple skin that are going to ferment this drink but because I put the cold water in first it's not as big of a problem it will cool off very quickly as you add it. And then I'm going to take this bowl and just cover it with a clean dish towel and let it sit for two days and it should get just a little bit bubbly around the pineapple rinds by that point. Go ahead and show you how I finished cutting up this pineapple here. I've cut it in half lengthwise and I normally do my pineapple in slices like spears this way rather than slices the other way and if you want you can just remove the core by cutting down like this across the middle and then you can either slice this way for smaller slices and chunks or slice this way for the pineapple spears that I normally do. And then you can cut these in half or into chunks if you like. This tapache has been sitting for about three days fermenting and it's nice and bubbly now you can see some foamy bubbles on the top so I'm going to go ahead and take it out of the bowl and stick it in the fridge. I forgot to mention when I put it in I like to put this small plate on top so that it holds the pineapples down underneath the water the pineapple rinds underneath the water and that way they don't mold a couple little ones escaped here but I see no signs of mold and as I said very bubbly and foamy so it looks really good. It's a little darker than tapache that I've made before I may have put in more cinnamon than I normally do and I also suspect that the different kind of sugar that I used is a little darker than the previous sugars that I've used. I like to squeeze out the pineapple rinds so I get all the juice out of it. Just squeeze them out a little bit as I take them out and I did end up adding the cores to this. It was simpler than doing anything else with them this time. And then you're just left with this tapache which I've already said you can drink straight or add to smoothies and things. I'm going to go ahead and label it, label it into this jar here and it's kind of syrupy this time. It's kind of different. We'll be interesting to see how that turns out and then I'm going to once it's all in the jar, tap this tightly and put it in the fridge for a couple of more days and the fermentation process will continue slowly and cause it to actually carbonate and make a fizzy drink which is fun. It's like pineapple soda at that point. And as usual how long you let this ferment is kind of up to you. I could have let this go a little longer and have more of a tart drink. This still has some sweetness left from the sugar because my husband likes it better that way. And here's the tapache which I am capping to put in the fridge and there is fermented pineapple drink made out of scraps which you would otherwise just throw away and would go to waste. So one of my favorites, cheap, yummy, healthy, easy, what market you ask for tapache.