 I'm your host Jason. If you're planning to repaint the interior of your house, this video is going to show you what to expect from a project like this and along the way we're going to guide you through with some tips and suggestions. The tape and drape that we use is very nice because it's got this blue tape at the top which is similar to the Scots blue tape which is commonly referred to as pain estate because of its adhesion. It won't pull off any finishes or any of the paint that's already on the wall. It sticks with some static electricity so that no dust gets inside. Now this will go up and down depending on what you usually needs for the kitchen. This is much easier than having to try to use plastic and tape, especially if you're trying to do this on your own as a homeowner. I like to use pair of scissors instead of a razor blade to get a much better cut, much cleaner life. We'll wrap and join. Make sure when we pull it down it has no bare spots. We're going to lay more plastic over all these countertops. Remember always leave some overhang when you cut in the plastics or stuff like this because you do want to protect these sides as well. Now we don't have to put any more tape on things than we need to. Run the last risk of pulling any other finishes off. This is very common problem. If you're in a climate where you have a lot of hot and cold temperatures because of the expansion and contraction of the natural woods that you're going to have on a wall they get hit with sun in the morning after a cold night it's going to want to pull away. So the cocking is now split and cracked. What you have to do there is if to dig out the old cocking. Once you've cleaned out all the old cocking you have a nice clean area. You're going to give it a quick bath. Now here's a tip that most homeowners might not know about dealing with cocking. We all know it's a mess. They know how to deal with it. It gets everywhere and gets sticky. If you grab a bucket of water and a sponge or a nice wet rag clean of course it'll help wipe it out and I would take all the hardware off of your doors. It's really not that high. Helps give it a clean finish with all the grain and the wood flow together. No brush marks. And there's no risk of getting any pain in any of your hardware. Now if you have a lot of use to do it you might be tempted to use a power drill. With a nice finish like this it's better to use a hand screwdriver. This helps eliminate any jumping of your screw tip, anything so you don't scratch any of the hardware because you want it to go on exactly as it came off. Put a couple of pieces of tape over the screws. Fold them over so they can't jump out. And put everything back together the way that you took it apart. There we have no risk of losing any of the important things. Nothing works if you're finishing a job of being one screw like. Put a little bit of tape on the handle. Grab a marker. Just label it. Now you know what you have. You know where it goes. You have every piece. It's important. Now you're going to have a lot of these things called stress cracks. Just from your house settling. What you need to do when you have a problem like this is you take your five in one and you dig out the crack. Give it a little more surface area. You're going to want to do. Just run. Light skim coat of joint compound. First scrape the excess off. You got your mesh tape out. Some people call it waffle tape. Just dry walt tape. Now you've laid out with the thin coat that helps it stick. Now you've got to this point a lot of people would use a razor knife to cut it. Then your risk of getting another skier cut into the wall. Just grab your putty knife. Press down hard and pull. Clean, cut, no extras, no problems. You're going to add a little bit of joint compound and your blades. Give it a little bit of back and forth. Kind of work it in. And apply. Now it's going to shrink. So don't try to go over the board and put a heavy coat on it. Prevenue is going to end up with a lot of air pockets. Chances are this will have to be done at least twice. You want to go around very far out. Say if it's an inch and a half of you fixing you want to bring it out about a foot. We call that bridging. That way you get a smooth transition from the original wall to the patched wall back to the original wall. So you don't see a bump when the light is at a certain angle. Now this might be a problem that you have in your house. You have some burning through. This is a moist wood before it was primed and painted and it was put in. Some of the moist is trying to escape. When that happens you're going to get yellow which marks. Nots. You have to seal those in. And also just keep coming back. So you use something like this, which is a concealer. This happens to be kills but you can also use bins, dust and alcohol base. This one is a paint thinner base. This is by no means a finished coat. This is meant strictly to seal all that in. The best part about this stuff is it all dries in about 20 minutes. So we'll cut it into your time. Still be able to put it up. Here's another tip for you. You're done using your kills brush, the oil base or an alcohol base. Just take a little bit of the tape and drape or regular plastic. You can wrap it right up. Then store it in your freezer. And as soon as you need it you can pull it back out. Wait for about five minutes. It'll be good to go. This is the pile when most people get nervous. Cutting in straight lines in the saline. No reason to be nervous is take your time, take the deep breath and always remember to paint back to the wet. You can always retouch it up. Just make sure you keep a steady line, take your time and always paint back to the wet paint. Paint and trim on windows. It's scary to get some paint in the glass. It's actually encouraged. Get a little on there. Create a paper battery. I'll show you a little trick in a second. I want to do with the extra oil paint on the glass. To do with your score with the Azure Razer Blade. You grab a zip tool from that holder, Razer Blade. You can get one with AutoPot Store. You can get your paint store up. Then grab your dust brush. Dust brush right away. Clean line. Now you've got your work, all you've prepped on. You're going to start putting some color on the wall. It has a nice little tip for you. If we start rolling, you color on two walls. You take a fresh rolling app. Give it a nice little wrap with some paint. Now what this is going to do is pull all of the loose hair and lint that's still part of the fabric. I'm not sure if you can see it on the camera, but all that extra lint that's stuck to the tape right now would have found its way into your paint and onto your walls and ruined your finished coat. Here's a good little tip for you. We already got one color to the wall color up. Instead of wasting the perfectly good nap, wrap it up with some tape and drape because it will keep for at least a few days without any of the edges getting dry. As soon as you take it out, it's ready to roll. Now they're going to start rolling the wall. You just want to get nicely saturated rolling app. Not so much to their drips, but enough to propane in the wall. Start off about the center of the wall. You always want to be leading with this edge because it's the heaviest edge. You don't want to leave any rails and lines in it because the lighter edge will feather them out. You're going to bring it over about two roller widths when you're going to end it off. When you bring it over, you want to make sure you overlap your last stroke. All right, well that pretty much wraps it up here. Hope I didn't scare you away from attempting a project like this on your own. I'm Jason. Good luck on your future projects and remember we're always here to help.