 Hey guys, Dr. Berg here in this video. I want to share with you some data on whether you should have a breakfast or whether you shouldn't. Now, in the past, I always recommended that everyone have a breakfast no matter what. And that was based on several studies that were done that were very, very credible, including my own experience and experiences of many, many, many people. I need breakfast, okay? As time went on, I found not every body type, not every person needs a breakfast. And the really determining factor is, are you hungry or not? If you're not hungry, do not eat. Why? Because when you have the breakfast, lunch and dinner, at dinner, by the way, we don't want to snack between the meals, but at dinner, we want to start to fast, fast all night long until the morning. Now your body during this time is burning fat as fuel. Why would we necessarily want to break the fast if you're not hungry? You're actually eating your own fat as your breakfast. We want to keep that going on. And maybe your hungry later as a brunch or maybe for actual lunch. So that would be the first meal of the day, and then you only have two meals. So the advantage of doing that is huge for weight loss, okay? And it's also good to heal insulin resistance, which is a condition where your insulin is all messed up and it's too high and you're not going to lose weight and your metabolism is slow. So if you were to have two meals a day, if you can get away with that, that would be really awesome. But personally, myself, I need a breakfast. So the breakfast and then the lunch and then sometimes I don't eat a dinner. In fact, I probably have something really, really, really light because I'm not really hungry. So I think with me, it's just reversed. I might do these meals, large meals, and this is very, very small. And then I go like that. So it's kind of very similar, but the point is that if you're not hungry and you eat, it will not stimulate metabolism. Nothing does not stimulate metabolism. It slows metabolism down because it increases insulin. And the goal is to lower insulin to heal your metabolism because when insulin goes up, you will not burn fat, okay? When insulin's down, you burn fat. And just eating stimulates insulin. So again, if you're not hungry, don't eat, if you're hungry, go ahead and have a breakfast. And of course, make sure there's no hidden sugars in the breakfast or juice and pancakes and things like that. You want to kind of a protein breakfast if you're going to have one, okay? I just want to make this point. This is kind of an update because some of my other videos I tell people always have a breakfast, but not if you're not hungry. See you in the next video.