 Hello, you've just joined me in the studio. I'm having a cup of tea. I was thinking today of how many things can I think of using rubbin alcohol? Yes. Or surgical spirits as we know it in the UK. I've got a little bottle of rubbin alcohol for there. This is 70% isopropylene alcohol and 30% distilled of water. There you go. Now you can get a 91%, you can get a stronger one than this. I will say this is a warning, this is highly flammable. It can get up your nose and make your eyes water. The foams from this are quite strong. So don't use it in a neat form if you can help it. These are just my recommendations only for these things. If you want to try them, you can try them. I'm not taking any responsibility for anything to go wrong. Please do not smoke around this stuff because as I said, it is quite flammable. However, there are several uses that we can use this for in the studio. Let's have a look at number one. I've got some paint on the canvas there. That has been there for quite a while and it's a well-known brand of paint. I will tell you what that paint is in the minute. I'm not going to mention the name, it's unfair. I've got some fresh paint in there and this is the neat paint. I'm just going to add a touch of water to that and I'm going to put another block there. This paint is known to be able to reactivate one's dry. That's dry, this is wet. You can buy a product, it's called an unlock informer for this particular paint. I'm not going to name the manufacturer because it's unfair for me to do that. You don't need to buy an unlock informer. You can make your own. Yes. From the ice appropriate paint, I've got a rubbing alcohol or surgical spirits as it's known. There you go. That's an application of paint. I'm just going to wash my brush and I'm going to get a hair dryer on that and I'm going to dry that until it's dry. Now we've got that dry. I'm just going to wash my brush and I've got some homemade and lock informer. There you go. It's just distilled water and ice appropriate alcohol or rubbing alcohol or surgical spirits. It depends where you live. Watch this very, very light mist on when I just applied and dried off and this one is being on there for a bit of a week. I'm just going to let that sit and that's what we made ourselves. Yes. I'll show you how to make that now. Let's do this one first. As you can see, it's already started to loosen the paint and then you can blend in. You can open it back up. He's a cod. Reactivate in paints so we can actually break down the surface tension of that paint. It breaks down the plastic coating basically and allows you access to the underlying color because it takes a while for this paint to actually cure. Within that curing time, if you can break down the surface plastic of that paint, then you can just play around with it like oil. It's an amazing thing and you can save yourself some money so you can buy some of these paints and you can go along and make your own and lock in for that if you want to. Again with this one, this is a little bit fresh but you can see it's easier to move about. By making your own and locking for that, you can save yourself some money. This doesn't work with normal acrylics as far as I know but give it a try. Oh no, it's if it does work. As I said, I can't take responsibility if you damage any paint so I suggest you take some. Do some tests first. Yes. Let me show you how to make this. So we've got our rubbing alcohol there. What we need is 100 ml of deionized water, boiled water, pure water and when I say deionized or boiled that means boil your water in your kettle, let it cool, let it go cold and then save that water and that takes all those own impurities out of the water and then you can put 100 ml of water in a bottle. So what you want to do is you've got your boiled water in your bottle, take 5 ml of that water out. I use a little syringe like this. These syringes you can get on eBay, okay, these are good for measurements and they don't come with needles so don't worry, they just come as a measuring device. So we've taken 5 ml of water out and we've got 5 ml of surgical spirits, rubbing alcohol or ice-proper alcohol, whichever you want to call it in there, put the lid on and give it a little shake. And if you can put that in a fine mist bottle, and that these are available on the website www.lifeiwi.co.uk. You can buy them in these and put this in there and you can make yourself some unlocking for them. And number two, what can we do with rubbing alcohol? Well now you've made a little water container up like that so you can use this for unlocking your paints. You can also put a little bit of that in a metal bowl like that, these are available in on the website if you want to go along. Look my brush has gone, my brush has gone all hard. So what can we do with to do that? Well there's a little bit of a crimp paint been left in there purposely, but it's demonstration. Don't do that, wash your brushes well, I'll show you what to do that, never one sec. And then just soak your brush in there and don't forget this is just 5%. This is your unlocking former. If it doesn't work then add a few drops more of the rubbing alcohol into this container and you'll find that this brush will start to soften up a lot easier. Once you've done that, you wipe it, give it a wash in some nice fresh clean water like that and there you are, one clean brush. Now if your brush is clogged up with a lot more paint than you can recover, then there is a video on the iCards by there which I encourage you to pop along and have a look at. But for just stiff brushes with a little bit of painting that's a way to go. Now what I've also done is taken that one stage further. So I've got two litres of water in there with some rubbing alcohol in it, roughly about 5% in there, 5% rubbing alcohol to the elemental water. And what I do is I pour this water into one of my little containers there. So there's a little bit of alcohol already in the water. So when I come to wash my brushes, after I've used some soap and gone in a dirty water, what I'll do is I'll go into this nice clean water and there's enough alcohol in there just to break down the particles that are in that brush and that should keep your brush nice and clean. And you can just put this just across a little bit of soap like that and that's going to condition your brushes as well. Number two, not it's... Okay so let's go with the number three and keep in on the same theme. Rubbing alcohol is an antiseptic. Yes it's really good for cuts and braises and all that so from what about getting on your hands and things, trying not to breathe in the fooms if you're going to do it that way. But try and don't worry about getting on your hands because this is an antiseptic and what I normally do is if I've got a little bit of sticky paint or stuck paint on my hands, I'll get my Mr. Bottle again with the unlocking formula or you can make a little bit of a stronger mix and you can just spray your hands like that and you can rub your hands or you can put it just a little bit of... you can wash your hands in that water that'll be just did for the paint and you can just rub that your hands like that and that'll get all the paint off your hands and you've used an anti-bac wipe as well to get all that all the anti but all the bacteria on your hands now is dead. Yes so it's an antiseptic wash so yeah it's another tip for you, notice. Sharpy markers, there you go, sharpy markers, yes they put them in markers, they will not come off once they've been written on something or will they? Yes anything like that, think about it as long as the surface is not porous, something like a kitchen tile or even a plastic bottle like that. Look I've written wrong text, I've written the wrong text on my bottle, how am I going to get that off and write something else? Well quite simply it's as simple as this, I get a little bit of kitchen roll, I get a little bit of my Rubin alcohol, neat, don't forget this is only 70% isopropane alcohol or Rubin alcohol you can get the stronger one and then you just simply wipe down the text and that's going to remove, see the pit, see it all coming off look that's going to remove the marker and give it a really good rub, giving it a really good rub and then it's all nice and clean, there you go, that's one way of reducing the marker, nice okay tip five, we got a little bit of oh no we've dropped some paint on our favourite pair of trousers because we've just run in the studio and decided just to touch up the paint and we got a little bit of paint on our clothes, what are we going to do? this doesn't work so well for dried in paint but it works pretty well for something you just tipped and I've got a nice apron here so what I'm going to do is get the surface, the loose paint off, take the excess paint off first, that's going to leave a little bit of a smudgy smudge like that, now what I suggest you do is get yourself some of your Rubin alcohol, get your, be very careful with this because this is flammable don't smoke around this or put it anywhere near anything this going to ignite because what you're going to find is it's just going to go woo, so be careful, yes safety or always, so I'm just rubbing that between my fingers and that as you can see it's coming out like that, just keep rubbing that, get it out into the fibres, keep rubbing that, get a little bit of kitchen paper just better off if this is your trousers or something off you better off take me trousers off or you shirt off and doing it like this and then just rub that together very very easily like that giving a good old rub and what I suggest you do then is you can get some soap, some liquid soap or some detergent or something like that and then just put a little bit of, I just used a little bit of my brush soap, I'm just brushing some soap into there just to break down that and there you go one stain removed from my cloth then okay so that works good for fresh paint not so good for stuff paint this already being in there and being in there a while because a acrylic paint that does fix the cloth in so I suggest you try and pick it if it's really stubborn use a little bit of ice or propyl alcohol or rubbing alcohol or even some nail varnish remover and try and remove it from there but if it's been in there a while then it doesn't matter does it these might be just fresh clothes and you don't want any marks and I'm like my shirts there you go stain removed okay so let's have a bit of fun with this one yet can we can we can we use it in paintings yes it will break down acrylic paint but very very quickly let me show you a very quick technique that you can use for this effect and there's plenty of other you YouTube videos out there to show you how to do this I have got an idea to actually do a lesson with this but you need to water down your acrylic paint very thinly and I suggest using some like my medium mix and improve flow improve this stops in the binding of paint if you want to pop along to the website pick up some of that and you can thin your paint down um over 45% with that and then you just spread on your color like there so I'm just going to use one color for today just to show you and you can make some wonderful effects I'll show you when I done earlier you can use this for a dripping techniques and on your pen yes very very easily like that all we need to do is get some of our rubbing alcohol in our little syringe and then just drop a few drop that in there and you can see that's going to make us a wonderful background there you can use a paintbrush you can splatter you can use a paintbrush like this and you can splatter your paint your alcohol over it you can all do all these different fantastic effects with that and you just let that sit and let it do its job and we'll come back to that in one second but as we do that let me show you one that I did earlier this was a couple of colors there you go this was a couple of colors and there's one I did earlier with a few drips and just a couple of rings of the rubbing alcohol so you can you can do all these wonderful different effects that could be just a painting or you could use it as a background it's entirely up to you have a goal you never know until you try no so leave that there that there you go there's one I did earlier and we leave in that dry just for a minute now as we do that let me show you another quick tip and this ever happened to you I've ever had a marker not a tournament marker just an ordinary draw a coloring marker okay or a highlight in pen and you've gone along and you're in the middle of doing something good it's dried up on you it is absolutely dry and you think well that's the only color I got that's the only one I got left what am I going to do well it's quite simple if you can remove get a player if you can remove the top of say this I like to for instance if you can remove the top or wherever it's connected you'll find one of these inside they will that's what holds the the color of your marker it's basically a bit of sponge wrapped in a bit of plastic and it's impregnated with the actual color so we will locate that there now all you need to do is very simply again going back to our bottle there going back to our bottle that we made earlier all we need to do is get a couple of let me get my thing get a couple of squirts of that there we go we need to put a one or two little drops of that just bump bump bump I say both four drops I would say both four drops it already depends on dry your marker is and then we will replace the top as he says if you can find it replace the top there you go I'm going to give it a little shake and we let that stand like that let that stand like that let it all run down through there into the nib what's going to happen is this is going to regenerate that pen just for a little while as is let's have a look what we can do let's see what we can get there we go it is working a lot better than what it did earlier there's the previous one and this is when we added the ribbon arc of into that so don't use it on pyramid markers as you know because pyramid markers will this can remove the pyramid marker so I would I wouldn't use it in now just in case you mess up your pyramid if you want it pyramid any other type of coloring pens or things you can use this method and it works quite well for a while so we go let's get back to our painting so let's have a look what we've managed to do wow look at that that's just one color that's white background with a little bit of cardinal yellow some rubbing alcohol and you can see it looks like the semt used tie dye effect I can remember the semt these and I'm remember doing tie dye t-shirts but think about the color combinations you can do with that and you can use it as a dripping technique you can thin your paint straight down you can play around with this so all I'm trying to show you here is I was a way of playing with this stuff but I would like to say please be very careful if you're susceptible to films don't use it in its neat form always added to water it is flammable so please take care these are just my recommendations please have a try see how you get on with them and let me know in the comments below how you get on or is there any other uses for rubbing alcohol I know even with a spray if you've got green fly or anything like that I need bugs on your plants you can give them a little squirt and it'll kill them if it'll yes so it's quite universal stuff and as I said it's an antiseptic also so please do not ingest it please do not drink it it is not that type of alcohol it will cause you serious problems please be careful around flames or anything that's flammable because we don't want to cause any accents please take care and precautions my name is light from flightzart.co.uk please like comment and subscribe and have a good day good week good month with you and there's more tips coming soon and I'll see you next time. Bye!