 Hi everyone, it's Gina and I'm back with another video and this one is all about the snake plant or the mother-in-law's tongue plant, otherwise known as sensive areas. What you're looking at here is a potted snake plant that I kind of set down and completed throughout about it and it just escaped the pot and continued to grow outside of the pot and until it created a sort of a small farm. Let me show you another forgotten potted snake plant and then I will show you later on in the video what I did with these plants. I put this plant in this pot a few years ago and placed it into this container which I made from these tiles and completely forgot about it. Now I decided I'd go hunt, found it and this is what I discovered. The plant has completely overgrown in the pot of course but it's one of those plants. I don't know if some people call it mother-in-law's tongue, some people call it lion's tongue but you can see how it's just completely overgrown in the pot and what else? The root, it's a tuber so it sends up new shoots from the root. It's completely taken over and it's wrapped itself around. So what I'm going to do here is just break off a few more pieces and you can look at it. Before Hurricane Irma passed through I had cut some of the snake plants leaves and put them into some water because I had planned on doing some ikibana designs and ikibana are Japanese flower ranging. The snake plants leaves do so well in these designs and they look amazing but because of the storm I completely left them sitting in water when I got back to check on them. They had started to grow roots and I did not know that you could actually grow another snake plant just from one of the leaves so this was new to me. But as you can see each of the leaves that I had cut started to grow roots so I said you know what let me just go ahead and leave them and then let's just see what would happen. And each of the pieces are probably a good two to three feet in height and they all started to root. And look at the length of this one. This one I think was about three feet in length. So since they have roots on them what I think I'm going to do is just go ahead and just plant them and get some new snake plants. I'm not sure how well they're going to stand up considering how tall they are but I think they'll be okay. But look at this. They just started to root themselves and I did not know that would happen so what I'm going to have to do for my Ikebada is just cut a few more leaves and go from there. So I decided to leave them in the water for a little while longer and this is what happened after another five days or so. You can see that there are new snake plants growing on the side of this particular leaf. So what I am definitely going to do is get this into some soil and I will end up with a whole other plant. And I think I will do that with the other leaves as well. It's not just beautiful. I never knew that it would do this. But there are quite a few new plants starting from off of this one leaf. I'll do another video whenever I'm part of these pieces. So I dug up a few of the pieces that escaped apart by the fence and I repotted them as you can see here. What I did later on as well was added some wondering Jew which contrasts it in color. But you can tell from this image it escaped apart again. Here's a wondering Jew. The purple contrast really nicely with the green of the snake plant. There is another neglected potted snake plant and I went ahead and pulled it up a bit, cleaned out all of the dead stuff from in there. And I added two different types of vermin leaves as you can see here. So this would be quite stunning whenever the vermin leaves bloom. And you can see both of them on display on my reward. One of the reasons I made this video is because I've seen so many videos of how you have to really baby these plants. And that is really not thick. These plants are not picky about soil. They're not picky about sunlight that you give them. This video is a little foggy but you can see just how determined these plants are. Look how far that particular tuber travels to send up this new tree. This is a result of me dropping a piece of the tuber on the ground and leaving it and it just decided to take off. As you can see here, did not even leave any soil to really start to grow. You can probably tell that I have snake plants all around my yard. This is not my backyard. And this is just a small portion of the backyard where I planted just a few pieces, a few years back and it is completely taken over one corner. But they are absolutely stunning in contrast with the ferns and the lemongrass that I have there. I absolutely love them. What I'm going to do in this part of the video is show you how I propagate in the plant simply by cutting it away from its mother. And what I'm doing here is just clearing away some of the debris from around a new growth that I found. And I'm going to simply cut around the soil, cutting the tuber that it's connected to and then raising it out and repotting it later on. I'm also going to see if I can keep this one much shorter in a pot because all of mine tend to be about three feet in height. So let me show you how to separate this particular plant from the mother. You can see that I cleared away that whole section so I can have a good view of that small piece of new growth. And then what I simply did was just use a small hand shovel and just tug into the ground about three or four inches away from the actual new growth. And then just cut around making a circle all the way around until I could lift it completely out. And I was sure that it was cut away from the mother. I kept digging around and cutting into the soil until I hit the tuber that connected it and then I simply sliced all the way through separating it completely from the mother plant and raising it out of the ground. You can see here that although I can lift it, I can't remove it from the soil because it is still connected to the mother plant. So what I'm going to do now is just take the shovel and just simply slice into the tuber right behind it, which will then separate it from the mother plant, which is located behind. Once I've sliced through the tuber that it's connected to, then it's very easy to lift it out of the soil as you can see here. And I've got two looks like two new pieces of new growth. And you can see where I cut it away from the mother plant. And you can see there on the mother plant where I sliced away what I'm going to do now is simply repot the small piece that I removed from the ground. You can see that there's a lot of really good root system that's going on there. So I made sure to keep as much of that intact as possible. I went ahead and placed some soil into a pot and all these you were going to do is to simply travel down and connect themselves to the soil. Since I kept most of the soil that I dug it up with, it's still attached. So I just simply pressed it in firmly, trimmed off some of the roots that were kind of dangling around and gave it a good water. And in a few weeks or so, we should have quite a bit more new growth coming up as well and we'd have another plant. So here we are inside the house and I have another snake plant inside. And if you didn't know, snake plants are really good for cleaning the air. So it's a good idea to have a few of these throughout the house, especially in your bedroom, as it will have to promote better sleep at night by cleaning your air, sending out oxygen, etc. Thank you for watching and as usual, if you have any questions or comments, don't forget to post them below. If you are not a subscriber, I would really appreciate if you take that red subscribe button and also click the bell so that you will be alerted whenever I upload new videos. I will see you again soon and again, thanks for watching.