 Hey guys, tonight I'm going to make black and fish. Typically it's made with red fish but I'm going to use bassa. You can use whatever kind of fish you like, maybe even chicken. It's typical of Cajun cuisine. No, Creole. No Cajun. Totally Cajun. Cajun cuisine. And yeah, I'm just going to dredge it in some butter and some herbs and spices and cook it on a cast iron skillet and serve it with buttered kale. You guys can use any kind of vegetables you like or any kind of greens, collard greens or Swiss chard. Now I'm just going to serve it with rice as well so you guys are interested to just keep on watching. So for the black and fish spice, I have 1 tablespoon of paprika, 2 teaspoons of dry mustard, 1 teaspoon of oregano, 1 teaspoon of cumin, 1 teaspoon of thyme, 1 teaspoon of onion powder, 1 teaspoon of ground black pepper, and 1 teaspoon of salt. And I'm just going to mix this up and we're going to add it to the fish. So this is the first time I've actually ever made this dish. I've ordered it a couple times when I went to Lake Louise and it was awesome. But they do use a lot of butter so I'm not going to use as much. So we'll see how this works. I'm also cooking it inside whereas I think yours was a cook outside because it's very smokey or something. I don't know. We'll see how this goes. It could be a complete disaster. So you just want to put some butter. That is a lot of butter holy crap. What's next? Someone is going to have to work out. Okay guys, so I filled up a container of the black and fish spice and it's filled up quite a bit. So you can use this for a mother thing just for... and kind of chicken or whatever. Look at that wood words. How old is that company? I just filled. So we're going to add this to the fish. Make sure you coat everything and just pat it down so it gets into the fish. Okay so as you can see it's steaming and we're just going to put the fish on there. Maybe I'll add some butter for it. And make sure you have your fan on because we don't want to smoke up your whole section. And just click at a couple minutes on each side until it's done. And so what you want to do is just set it aside. I'm just going to try this bit. Holy crap that is so buttery and so good. But so bad for your thighs. So with this I'm just going to add some kale. So I'm just going to add some salt to the pepper to this. And I'm also just going to saute some onions and garlic. And you want to just add some salt and pepper. And then just add some garlic. You want to add the garlic here because you don't want to burn it. Okay guys so that's the final dish. You got your blackened basamut, your rice and some kale with Parmesan top. And it's on a bed of onions and garlic. So I guess those greens will help balance out the massive amount of butter that I put into that dish. So I hope you guys enjoyed this. Okay look at this guy is already ready to eat. He has his fuxx and knives. Okay go eat. Crispy outside, nicely flavored, very moist inside. Excellent. You guys have to go thumbs up. What about the kale? Tender. Savory. Good. Very good. And the red. Which I pretty much just cooked in beef stock and it has celery and carrots on it in it. Once again, it's your per. Awesome. Here you guys that's the final dish.