 What's up you guys welcome us again to team bodybuilding India. This is your friend's Reyes. So friends I had never made a cooking video with fish so it's high time that I do it and this is my specialty guys. Nutrition, this is mine, this is what I love doing. So I'll show you guys a fish. It is called Indian Macarol or Kingfish or Vuha I think. So man it will taste delicious. Trust me guys. So I don't want to keep you along here. I'll take you guys right to the kitchen. So guys we are in our kitchen now and I'll show you guys how to make this delicious dish. So first off we need some fish. You can use any fish terapia, salman or even q now. But today I'm using Indian Macarol. So this is also called as Kingfish. But this is not a very popular fish when it comes to bodybuilding. But I have used this fish in my meals throughout the past 2 and a half years and I have fed that this has helped me especially on my diet. Then you would need a grill pan. If you don't have a grill pan you can use the normal frying pan but I have found good results with this one rather than this one. So this is a new one that I got from Flipkart and you're giving a link in the description if you want to get rid of it. So the first off we need some chicken 65 cup of masala. If you don't have this you can use a mixture of red chili powder, black pepper powder and some cumin powder because all these contents is these 3 ingredients. Then you would need one of the most ingredients that is salt. But if you are using the cup of powder you wouldn't need so much salt. So this is these are the ingredients that you need. Now let us go on to the preparation. So guys we'll start off with the meal now. So first add 1 teaspoon or slightly more than 1 teaspoon of red chili powder into this bowl. Then you need to add the same amount of black pepper powder into the bowl. Then you can use the teaspoon or you can use a pinch of cumin powder or you can add 2 pinch of cumin powder and then again guys I don't like to add too much salt but still I would like to add a couple of pinch of salt. So I have like 5 slices of fish over here. I am not exactly sure how much I need to use but if this is too less then I will add on again and just fry it on the grill. So before you do anything you need to light up your grill. So switch on the gas. So now heat it on low medium, slightly below medium. So we have the grill right over here heating up. So now we just mix up the spices. So you will mix up the spices just like so. This is a very simple meal guys but still people have many doubts on how to cook fish for hearty building or even my meal or diet. So this is how I like to do my things. So just mix it up and because this fish just because this fish I have washed this fish it has still moisture left in it. So so that the spices will get on and hold on to this moisture whatever it is and the fish will not be dry. It will be filled with moisture. So all you have to do is just put this right like just like this. Mix it up like this so that the spices will be absorbed by the fish and you will get a good marinated fish. So take this and put right over this plate and do the same for all the pieces. So guys we have marinated our fish and our grill is also getting hot you can see the fumes. So one more thing that I would like to do is I write it online that it is better that you do not add oil on to the grill but you can add the oil on to the fish. So this is some coconut oil I just drizzle it over this just like so. Okay so this is not that bad a fat guy this is a very good source of fat coconut fat coconut oil. So it is a very good source of fat. It has saturated fat but still it does not mean that it has too much saturated fat. So I will totally I might have added like one tablespoon of coconut oil. So because I still have fat left in my diet for today. So this is all you need to do guys. So now the grill has been heating up for quite a while like four or five minutes. So fish cooks pretty fast that other meat. So I would recommend you stay right in the kitchen and don't go anywhere because your fish might get fucked up. So now we will put the fish on to the frying pan or frying grill. So now all we have to do is add the marinated fish. Since we have added the coconut oil over the fish now we have this part of the fish should be on the grill. So I will show you. So this part has the oil. So I will be putting this part of the fish onto the grill just like so. And one more thing that I read online is that it is better if you put the fish at the corners of the grill. So I am putting it just like so. So here we have our fish grilling up. So be here guys. Don't move anywhere because fish cooks pretty fast maybe in two or three minutes. So we need not take this. So let us stay right over here. So guys since we previously added the oil under the chicken now it is time for us to add it above the chicken before we just we will just what we just flip it over. So it is the below part of the bottom part is about to get grilled now. So I will just add a little bit of coconut oil. So guys it is all about putting things in your diet. If this fits in your diet you can have it while bulking you can easily have it but while on your diet if you have enough pads in your diet then you can fit this into your diet. So now it is time for us to flip this. So guys before I hand off this I would like to give you guys one more tip just add little bit of lemon juice or lime over the fish just for taste because fish tastes great with lime. So just sprinkle the lime over the fish. So guys you might ask me that whether I just prepare this for and I don't think this is just to show you guys you know I ate it guys. So I am showing you guys I have big bites of this meat. So I have removed the skin guys. You can remove the skin when this fish eats up. The skin comes off the meat but you can easily have the meat only. So I have this man trust me guys if you are an Indian and now spicy food. This is awesome guys and you can try this out and you need not go to any other restaurants where they add too much oil which contains trans fats. So you can have this and remove. So please try this out and let me know what you think.