 Alright so today we're gonna brew some rum. We're pretty much gonna use three of these 800 gram brown sugar with molasses. It has molasses. Probably gonna use also two kilo of table sugar and we're gonna throw in some molasses. Some straight up molasses. You could probably just use the brown sugar if you wanted to. That would be just fine. Maybe six of them. And we're just gonna pretty much get that going in the pot. I have a beer going as well right now but it's gonna get that going in the pot and then gonna get it into the pale, the lock. We'll fill it right up. Probably two but there with water after and throw in our yeast. Pitch our yeast once the the court has cooled down. So I'll probably wait a day before I'll put the yeast in and then about two weeks later we should be able to take it to the distiller which I have set up is a modified water distiller. I'm actually controlling the heat and I just take the temperature from the top. I run out of about 175 from the top and I'll show you that later once we get that still in and that's it. That's some of my whiskey. That's aged. It's looking pretty good. And that's it for now. Okay so we have it all mixed with water. There's my beer that we have it all mixed with water. All I'm gonna last this and everything. I'm just gonna let it cool and then we'll throw the yeast in probably tomorrow. Alright so now we have pre-grown the yeast, the wine yeast. Just with some sugar, warm water, pre-grown that. I'm just gonna dump that into our bucket of now cooled rum mix. That's it. That sucker's gonna sit there. There lock and we should be good to still in about two weeks. Okay so we're at about 10 days of brewing. Maybe 11 days. It's stopped brewing. All the sugar's gone if you taste it. If you taste the liquid it'll be better. There's no sugar left. So there's my beer just clearing. Anyway so on the stilling side here we're going to get about about half of this bottle which give us about 750 mil from the first batch. And we get about in the pot on the still get about four and a half to five liters in there for each run and running it at about. I can focus on that which I can't but it's about 170 or so but temperature being taken from the top of the pot. And then there's the modification I made so that you control the heat. And that's gonna come out at about 55%. Between 50 and 55 I do have an alcohol tester and that's about it and that's gonna be good rum. No aging required. That's it.