 Okay, true remove all the easy way. I'm going to burn this sucker out. It was a 60 foot plus pine tree. I haven't got a chain saw myself. I was left with a stump about 12 inches above the ground. I've actually dug down as far as I can to try and get the coals underneath the stump and we'll see how it goes. I've drilled holes in the top and in the roots. We've got three big roots on the stump and I've just soaked it for 48 hours with kerosene. I don't think it's any point in doing it for six weeks. There's a lot of people say on the internet and hopefully we get it small enough and then we put the incinerator on top of whatever's left after the first burn. Okay, the first stage of the prep for the fire is I've encircled the stump with charcoal. I prefer to use charcoal as we gonna get a hotter burn and the embers are gonna stay longer and obviously all this charcoal is gonna go underneath the stump as it works its way down. I'm now gonna put some firewood on top of this. Okay, the coals are down and we put some firewood around the stump as well so we're ready to go. And so the burn begins day one. I see how long it's gonna take. Get rid of this stump. 45 minutes into the burn. As you can see the coals below the wood all alike as well. It should be working down to the base of the stump. Okay, so we started the fire at six o'clock yesterday evening. I added more wood up until midnight and then just let it burn. And as you can see it's 10 o'clock today and the stump's reduced by about 50%. So I'm gonna build it up again and get it going. Okay, we've just hit 24 hours. Just come back from three hours of being away. Fire had gone out so I've restarted it again. And the stump's about third now of what it was. Doing really well. As you can see on three sides it's now been eaten away. Okay, this is start of day three. So we've had two night burns here in France. You can only have fires from six o'clock onwards in the evening. We've had a raging fire basically six hours per night. So we've had about 12 hours of good fire on this log. And as you can see it's disappearing nicely. It's probably about one six or one fifth of the stump left. So hopefully today that's gonna go. Morning free and the tree stump's got small enough for the incinerator to go over the top. So I've re-drilled holes into the stump to allow air flow and heat to get through it. Put the incinerator over and filled up with coal. And I'll let that go on a slow burn now by shutting off the air. After a slow burn in the incinerator with 16 kilos of charcoal, that's completely gone. We're just left with a big crate in here.