 Hi, I'm Steve Calibra with Bartoning Bootcamp. And today we're going to show you an iconic American drink that originated on the Sunset Strip in 1941. This could be considered the cosmopolitan of its day. It's called the Moscow Mule. Two men, John Martin and Jack Morgan. John Martin owned a company that had just acquired Smirna Vodka. Jack Morgan owned the Cokumbull pub on Sunset Boulevard and he was trying to market his own type of ginger beer. The two men got together for drinks in 1941 and from that meeting the Moscow Mule was created. Another interesting fact is that they had special copper mugs made with the words Moscow Mule on them. They bought two of the original Polaroid cameras and would go around to the bars in the neighborhood and take a picture of the bartender with the drink, take a second picture, take that to the bar next door and sort of brag about what the drink that the people next door were drinking. And that's how they did their marketing campaign. The cocktail was hugely hugely popular and sort of faded out in the 70s with the disco era. Very, very simple to make. We're going to use vodka. We're going to use American vodka, some ginger beer, a little bit of lime juice, some simple syrup and we're going to garnish it with a sprig of mint. Very easy to make. So we're going to start with our less expensive ingredients first. So we're just going to start with about a quarter ounce of lime juice. I'm just going to squeeze some lime juice over the top of it. It doesn't have to be exact, but that's our acid component. So we put that in there. Then we're going to add the sugar. It says one teaspoon, the recipe calls for, but I'm just going to use a bar spoon. And again, simple syrup is just equal parts sugar and water. Sugar is dissolved in the water. Now we're going to add roughly three ounces of ginger beer. And this is the original recipe. You can adjust it for your taste. And now we're going to add some really good American vodka. By an ounce and three quarters or two ounces if you very drunk like me. Now because I've put something carbonated in there, I'm not going to shake it. And I'm just going to stir it. I'm going to garnish it with a lime wheel. And then a nice piece of mint for color and aroma. And there you go. That's a delicious cocktail in the spring in the summer. That's a Moscow mule. I'm Steve Calibra with Bartoning Boot Camp.