 Today on The Stay at Home Chef, I'm showing you how to make my Cajun Chicken Drumsticks. People are always asking me for this recipe. It's super easy and takes just five minutes to get it in the oven cooking. This recipe is so popular on my blog, in fact, that people have made a meme out of the photo. True story. We're going to start by making a homemade Cajun seasoning. I prefer to make my own homemade blend rather than buying a store-bought prepared package. Because then I can control the flavor completely and get exactly what I want, including the salt content. Start with four and a half teaspoons of paprika. Then add in two and a half teaspoons of salt. Now, don't panic. You're not putting all of this on your drumsticks. I'm making a whole bunch of this seasoning all at once. So I can store it in an airtight container for later. We'll use a little bit on our recipe today. Then we'll add in two teaspoons of dried basil and two teaspoons of dried oregano. Next, we'll really get some flavor going with two teaspoons of garlic powder. Get that in there and then add in two teaspoons of onion powder as well. Then we'll start to bring a little heat with one teaspoon each of white pepper, black pepper, and then one teaspoon of cayenne pepper. We'll finish this off with one teaspoon of dried thyme. Get that in there. We'll stir this all together. Now that we have our spice mixture put together, we can move on to our chicken drumsticks. I have four drumsticks here in a lightly greased pan. This recipe is easily customizable so you can use as many or as little drumsticks as you want. I'm going to take the seasoning and sprinkle on a generous amount of this cayenne seasoning. You want this skin to be packed full of flavor. I'm going to pat it in and I'll turn them around. Make sure I get the other side as well. Seriously, this recipe couldn't get any easier. You can do the same thing with chicken breasts, chicken thighs, chicken wings, anything you want, but chicken drumsticks are our favorite. Next, we're going to take a little bit of butter and put just about a half tablespoon on top of each drumstick and this will melt all over our meat as it cooks. The butter will combine with the seasoning and give us a nice flavorful, crispy skin. Next, we're going to bake this in a 400 degree oven for about 30 minutes. Or until your chicken reaches an internal temperature of 165 degrees. Your actual cooking time will always vary depending on the sizes of drumstick and there are different sizes. Thanks for watching. I hope you enjoy these drumsticks as much as we do. You can find the full written recipe in the video description. Be sure to subscribe and check out the rest of my channel where you can find more than 150 restaurant quality recipes you can easily make at home. See you later.