 Hello friends, welcome to Greypot. Everyone is suffering with cough and cold during this month's special year. So today let's see how to make this natural cough drops honey lollipop. It also has other medicinal ingredients like ginger, tolsea, cloves and lime juice. All the ingredient list is given in the description box. Please check it out. Before we move on, click the subscribe button if you are not subscribed to Greypot and click the bell icon to get notifications whenever I post a new video. First add sugar into a pan, adding some water and allow the sugar to get melted. Meanwhile let's see how to make homemade lollipop mold. Take an aluminium foil and wrap it around a round cap. Fold it from the top and press it. Now slowly remove the cap from inside. Now our lollipop mold is ready. Make a hole on the side and insert a lollipop stick. Now our sugar is completely melted. Let's add in some lime juice, honey, ginger juice and two cloves. Now mix it. And you have to boil this sugar mixture until it gets a thicker consistency. Honey and ginger is perfect for a soda. But if you give this directly to the kids, then never going to drink it. But if you make this into a lollipop, they will definitely enjoy this medicine. And not only for kids, even grown ups will love this lollipops. To check the perfect consistency, take a bowl full of water and add 2-3 drops of this mixture into it. And if you can easily take it out, that means it's ready. Now pour this lollipop mixture into the lollipop molds. And I have also added some tulsi leaves inside the lollipop mold. And in one mold, I added some cloves so that when you enjoy the lollipop, you will also get the flavour of cloves. And if you don't want to make the lollipop molds, you can directly pour this onto the parchment paper. And insert a toothpick or a lollipop stick. And slightly twist it. Now once it is set, you can take this out and easily enjoy the lollipop. And also make small drops out of it. And sprinkle some powdered sugar on top of this drops. It will prevent it from sticking together. Once it is set, we can easily peel out these drops from the parchment paper and roll it once again in a powdered sugar. So here it is, our drops is also ready. Now let's unwrap the lollipop mold. To set this really fast, you can keep it in refrigerator for 5-10 minutes and slowly unwrap the aluminium foil. And here it is, our honey, cup drop lollipops are ready. So definitely try these lollipops and cup drops at home during this month's home. We can follow us on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Google+. Such more interesting recipe videos from our channel, breakpot. Take the logo to subscribe to breakpot and don't forget to click the bell icon to get notifications. Thank you.