 Okay go. It's Sunday September 27th 2015 and we're about to get a sample of asbestos from the area that will be disturbed when we raise our home at 504 North Claremont Avenue in Margate. There was an assumed test on earlier that took samples from areas that will not be disturbed during our house raising project. We are attempting to verify conclusively whether or not the area that will be disturbed has any asbestos in it and this is where our house raiseer has told us the disturbance to our property will be so this is that where we're taking a sample and following. You can get the dog down the way. Here you go Shiba. Okay. When the house raising is done it's going to come across our split level home and they're going to take out a portion of the wall approximately four feet high. This is the exact same piece of the wall that was removed after hurricane Sandy because it had been impacted by flood damage. It was removed up to approximately here four feet or so. We're going to take the sample from much lower so there's no question that this will be the area that will be disturbed during the house raising project. So again this dry wall was just replaced after hurricane Sandy less than three years from when this video was taken. A brand new exacto knife per the labs instructions I will double bag it and send it off to the laboratory for their test. They asked for a three by three sample. I'm trying to find an area that has a drag wall and spackle so I was told to go toward the corner of the wall and a three by three. That's one inch two inches three inches. One two three almost certainly more way more than they need to do the test but better to arrow on the side of more than not enough. Making a real mess of the wall here but this will give the lab plenty of material to test. All right so there's our sample for the lab. I've been told to double bag this and send it off and within a few days they should have the results and will know conclusively whether or not there is asbestos.