 It's going on family and today's video I'm gonna show you guys how to legit check box logo hoodies I know you guys wanted to find out how to legit check supreme so I'm gonna help you with the box logo hoodie first I have Both I bought a fake one off eBay and then a real one right here. That's my real one So yeah, I'm just gonna show you guys how to legit check everything and make sure that you have a real bogey And then if you're trying to buy one if you know it's really fake So I hope you guys enjoyed today's video don't forget to subscribe So right here is a duck camo Bogo this is a hundred percent authentic This is coming from Straight from supreme I Received everything it's from round two. So yeah, this is a hundred percent authentic and then the second one we have is I bought this off eBay for 35 bucks. So yeah Um first thing that I noticed was this is like It's like sewn in it's like a patch As you can see as I can like pull it up. So yeah, that's the first thing on the real bogey It's not sewn. It's like there's no you can't pull it up It's like in there So yeah, and I'm gonna just put Both of the bogey's right next to each other as you can see this is just a different red and then the the R is too skinny the P And then the spacing is way off on this way off. It's just like really obvious in my opinion As you can see like the S is supposed to be touching the U the U is like inches from the P Like the cut for it is. So yeah, that's another way and then the Sockets eye sockets this one's like bronze and this is silver. So yeah, that's another way and then these Have these and then there this is the real one right here. This is the fake the real one has like Tied and then this one has these things. I don't know what they call it So yeah, and then with the stitching as you can see the stitching here This is 2011 I'm pretty sure so yeah And then the stitching here is pretty bad. I will say the fake one is softer than the real one This is like a thick really thick hoodie like box others are thick hoodies. So yeah And then this is the the real tag Right here and I know there's gonna be these people all their both fake like this is a hundred percent legit And I know how to like check bogeys. So this is the real one large made in Canada So this is the real tag Right here. I'm sorry that it cut out, but this is the real tag right here large made in Canada On the back front just says supreme And then this is the other tag just says made in Canada R&CA I know that some of them are different it matters what color the bogeys and what year it is This once again is 2010. I'm pretty sure 2011. I just totally forget. So yeah So this is the real one once again, and then the gray one is the fake and then this this tag is a t-shirt tag So this is way off Because it's a t-shirt tag. So yeah And then it has a Supreme tag and let me go grab a real I have a t-shirt here So this is the fake tag And this is what a real tag supposed to look like So a way off sizing It's pretty good cut But then you can just tell it the supreme. This is the real. This is the fake So yeah So yeah, this is a t-shirt tag. This is not supposed to be in there and then it just says this But if this if your hoodie has this in it, it's 100% fake because all hoodies all supreme hoodies are like this Unless it's like a collab and we'll have a different tag in it. So yeah, and then The inside tags I was surprised that this had an inside tag But it does and Yeah, this is the inside tag on the fake and It's actually somewhat okay. I've seen it way better ones like I'm gonna order another bugo So this is just like part one video I'm gonna order another one. That's way better quality. I thought this was gonna be good quality, but wasn't This is mine. This is the order ones to remember that So this is the fake one I don't know what's up with the focus in let me try and zoom in Yeah, that's better So that's the fake Supreme 100% caught in New York City Sorry And then this is the real one I noticed that on the fake ones like this guy tried to sell me a fake one before and this is on the bottom When it's supposed to be on the top So yeah, some of them will have a Tag just like this because this is 2010 so they only did the one tag and then they did nothing on the back I don't know why but on the lately released ones Where did it go? They've been doing it. Oh like this one this fake one As it on the bottom and I usually it's usually fake if it's on the bottom and Then this says made in China even though all hoodies are made in Canada for supreme hoodies I once again hoodies Jack some jackets are made in China so yeah and then This is the side tag and then on the fake one There is no side tag there's no side tag at all Maybe it's on the other side nope. There's no side tag at all on this thing So yeah, that's another way if it doesn't have a side tag and all supreme hoodies have side tags on them so yeah That's how you legit check your bogey so I hope you guys enjoy this video Please hit that like button and subscribe down below and