 To create a simple tube top pattern, we have to tie off a few important spots on the body. Take a string or a ribbon and tie it right around the chest or above the bust. Next, you'll tie around the waist, which is the smallest part of your body, and for some people, it's right where the belly button is. You'll tie off at the hips or where you want the tube top to end, so you can end it actually at the waist or even lower than the hips. Everyone's body is different, and this will help make measuring a lot more consistent. So the first measurement is taken from the chest all the way down to the bottom of the tube top, and this will be your center front line. Next, measure all the way around the chest and divide it by 4. Measure down from the chest to the highest point of your bust. Now, if you must know, that would actually be your nipple. Now, measure around the highest point of your bust, which is your nipple again, and divide that by 4. Now, measure down from the highest point of the bust right down to the underbust. Take the measurement around the underbust and divide by 4. Measure down from the underbust to the waist, and remember to touch the string that was tied off from earlier. Take the measurement around the waist and divide that by 4. Okay, now lastly, take the measurement around the bottom of the tube top and divide that by 4 as well. So next, all you have to do is draw in the silhouette of your body by following those guides. It doesn't have to be 100% accurate since this will be made on stretch knit. So then you end up with a pattern that looks like this. Add seam allowance says all the way around, except for the straight line, which will be cut unfold and also your center front. When it's on fabric, you'll cut two pieces. One will be for the front and one will be for the back. Some patterns they like to drop their center back down just a little bit, but it's really up to you and your design choice. So I will continuously update and annotate any new DIY that uses this pattern here, and so don't forget to come back every now and then just for a refresher. Remember to live happily, love fully, design creatively, and I'll see you guys later. Bye!