 Hey guys, so I wanted to make a really really really quick video about how I washed my synthetic curly hair weeks. Alright, so this was actually one of the second or third times I washed this week. I had it for a while, I bought it from one of the girls in my group. I don't remember the name of it. I think it's like Ariana or something, but it's one of my really really favorite weeks. We just gonna go ahead and get right into that video so I can show you guys how I washed my synthetic lace front week. Alright guys, so you can see that this week is a pretty tangled, especially in the back which is very common for a lot of synthetic weeks. My lace in the front, you can see the part was a little bit dirty from the makeup, but let's go ahead and get into it. So the first thing is these products cost me under five dollars. And actually you don't even have to use an A brand shampoo. You can use any shampoo. You want to use some dishwasher liquid to kind of cut the grease and cut some oils. If you have a lot of build up on your wig and then you want to use your favorite shampoo or any shampoo, it could be hotel shampoo. And then of course you want to get some fabric softener. And let's go ahead and jump into the first step. So the first thing you want to do is brush out that wig. I've seen some videos where they say to comb it out a little bit, but I like to brush it with a wig brush. Kind of get all of those little kinks out. And of course this is also a point where you could kind of trim out everything. If there's any knots you can go ahead and cut those out. Now you want to make sure that you really get the lace really good. There may be glue or gel on there depending on how you put it. So use the dishwasher liquid first. You want to pour that all over the wig. Get it in there good. And just kind of rub it in. Brush it through. It's almost like a deep cleaning. If you're getting from the roots to the tip. Kind of want to brush that dishwasher liquid in there. Put it all on the lace really good. Soak it in. At this point the dishwasher liquid is just really good for cutting a grease in any oils that you may have sprayed on your wig. The next thing we're going to do is go straight to the water with this. As you can see here I rents all the dishwasher liquid out. And then next thing you know I just started to put the shampoo on it. Now this is just a standard conditioning shampoo. You see I have the water super super hot. I mean the water that comes out my tap is like pretty much super hot. So it's burning hot water. I'm getting it the lace really good. Shampooing it all real good. And then you know after you done those two you want to go ahead and open up that bottle of fratric softener. You want to pour the fratric softener all over the wig. Just like you would do a bruschampou. And a lot of people at this point they like to just soak the wig. But I wear this scrub with the soap then to soak it. So this is a really good part where you could just kind of soak it. I use really really hot water. Some people don't like to use hot water. But hot water for me made this process even easier. So you just want to keep washing it, brushing it all to make sure you can brush straight through with no kinks and no problems. As you can see I did here. And it came out really good. I made sure I put a lot of hot water right on the top to kind of help it shape even. You know to kind of keep that part flat. And you can see here I'm rinsing it out. It's pretty clean. I was really really happy for the process. There you go. Alright guys so that's how I wash my synthetic legs from wig. And I did it all in one day. Like I literally woke up today. It's already dry. I hung it up right in the shower. It's already dry. Of course it smells amazing. And you can see even using hot water. I know I've seen a lot of reviews when people say they didn't want to use hot water because it's a synthetic wig. The wig's gold to 400 degrees. And I'm sure the water coming out the faucet is not 400 degrees. So I use hot water to kind of make sure this part stayed nice and flat. I don't really have this one one as I usually do. But I usually come out my baby here. You can just see my baby hairs right now. And I don't really have it tacked down. You can see it has all the curls back in it. Let me turn around. I did a little bit of trimming. But even that you can't even tell. It's still a really good wig. It still has all my curls in it. And it still looks really really nice. So it's not hard to wash your legs from wig. A lot of people think it's hard or it's complicated. Look I just figured out today it was like super super easy. Get y'all little products y'all and get it together. And wash the wig y'all. Wash the wig. Anyway, thanks for watching. I was a really really quick review. Oh. That was a really really quick how to. Thanks for watching guys. Make sure you get this a thumbs up. Like, comment, subscribe. Share it to all your friends. And tell that girl to wash her legs front. Quit playing them games. Alright, alright y'all.