 The truth is you don't have anything to give that you don't have. So you have to keep your own self full. That's your job. One of my daughters is here today from Oprah Winfrey Leadership Academy. I'll end up today, so I already can see you. You're going to end your first year soon. Oh my God, it's first year. I say to my girls all of the time that your real work is to figure out where your power base is and to work on the alignment of your personality, your gifts that you have to give with the real reason why you're here. That's a number one thing you have to do is to work on yourself and to fill your self up and keep your cup full. Keep yourself full. Now I used to be afraid of that. I used to be afraid, particularly from people who say, oh she's self-earned herself. And now I embrace it. I consider to compliment that I am full of myself because you only when you're full, I'm full, I'm overflowing, my cup run is over. I have so much to offer and so much to give and I am not afraid of honoring myself. It's miraculous when you think about it. First of all for me, my father and mother never married. They had sex one time underneath an oak tree because she was wearing a pool skirt in 1953. And my dad to this day says, I want to know what's under that skirt. That's what I want to know. He wanted to know what was under the skirt. They didn't really have a relationship. She wanted one. But he went under the skirt and then that was it. And one time under the oak tree, bam, Renaissance. Woman is born. It happened there. That's why I know my life is bigger than that. My life has to be bigger as yours is bigger than a moment than a total skirt. It's much bigger. The design, the reason why I'm here is much bigger than, oh I think I want to see what's under there. So the ability to take care of that, to honor that, to honor yourself and that which is greater than yourself, that which was the reason for your being here. That there's no selflessness in that. Because only through that do you have the ability to offer yourself your whole self, your full expression of who you are to the rest of the world. So you are the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one