 Hello everyone! Today I'm going to show you how to open a cheese that is covered in wax and the wax covering. So when I first got one of these, I had no idea. I didn't grow up with much cheese so I just kind of ate the wax. But that's actually not edible. And let's say you get a cool one like this and you don't want to ruin the shape. So what I do is that I go in through the back and I slowly start carefully removing pieces of the wax. Because if you want to keep it intact, you kind of want to do it a little bit at a time. And then you can just turn it over so that they don't see where you've been cutting. So what I'm using is a paring knife. This one right here. This one's from Cuisine Art. I got it on Black Friday on sale at Macy's I believe. So I'll see if I remove part of it. This one is a mature cheddar from all these. It's actually really cheap. They did a Valentine's Day special. So they did a whole bunch of cheeses that were shaped like hearts which was really cute. So I went ahead and got a couple of these because it's my birthday is a week before Valentine's Day. And typically I like to incorporate like Valentine's Day themes just because I'm a big fan of hearts. So as you can see, I took out the back. So we're still, we still need more. So what I do next is I just try to like carefully do little incisions. I'm doing one in the back right here. And then maybe another one right here because I want to remove it in parts. So I should just come off without ruining the cheese too much. People I think will still be impressed with like the cool shapes that it has. So removing the rind. Just kind of peeling it off like this. It's very satisfying. A little bit of the wax stayed there. So now as you can see the whole back and all the sides have been removed. And the top should just come off as so. Now you got the little mature cheddar removed. This is also classic English cheese by Happy Farms. So there you go. And this is how to remove the wax from your cheese. When I went to Wisconsin, there was, or Milwaukee, which is also Wisconsin. They had cow shaped ones. That's when I ruined it. I didn't know what I was doing. Just get a parionife like this. Something small. And that way we have more precision. It's a little more difficult if you do a larger knife. So there you go. How to peel off the wax from cheese. And again, this one's from all days. They're Valentine's collection for wax-sealed cheese. Thank you. And goodbye.