 Alright, this is it. This is my wood fired brick oven. And you can see, got some nice features on here. The red brick. And got my stove pipe with a damper, temperature gauge. And the airtight door with the gasket around the door. And it. And the air control. You can see the fire box for its rather large. It is 27 inches wide by 36 inches deep. And I've got fire brick on the inside. And then the red brick on the outside. It's about 5 inches thick. And this thing comes up to temperature pretty quick. And it does a really good job of baking pizza. And whatever else you want to bake in an oven. I did some baked potatoes the other day. It came out good. And you can see I built this brick oven on a platform made from Cinder block. And it is steel reinforced with the concrete platform on the top here. And that is also steel rebar reinforced. So I'm going to take you to my shop and actually show you the steel reinforced structure of the dome and arch for the brick oven. And this is a steel reinforced wood fired brick oven. All right, we're back in my shop. And I just wanted to show you the basic steel structure here. You've got the steel with the brick. And when everything's mortared in place, the combination of steel brick and mortar makes it much stronger than if it was just brick and mortar alone. And you can see here that the frame of the arch and the dome is also bolted to the door frame. And the door is airtight with the seal, the gasket. And you've got the air control, the slide air control on the bottom, temperature gauge, and also the damper in the stove pipe. With all those things combined, this allows you to control the temperature a lot easier than just having an open flame or open door brick oven. So the combination of all this with the steel and the brick is really ideal is the best way to go for your wood fired brick oven. I hope you like it. I hope you enjoyed the video. Like it. Love it. Refer it to a friend. And if you're interested, contact me, send me a message and we'll get you set up. So thank you for watching. And we'll see you.