 Yes, I know you can't wait to get to the Cognac Cake video. But first of all, who did that? Who did that? There's the public service announcement. Do you know that we are almost at 100,000 subscribers on this channel? Yeah! Yes, it's so surreal that 100,000 of you click the subscribe button without being asked. Just because you want to see more from this channel, I still can't believe it. I mean, who am I? Because of that, I'm going to celebrate this milestone with a live video. Live video. Once we hit 100,000 subscribers, I'm going to do a live video on this channel. And the title of the live video is, will be, Ask me anything. And our preferred situation where they ask me anything is not about food. Come on, we've been talking about food for the past six years on this channel. It's time to talk about the cooking hands. You guys say, I don't say show my face. I don't talk about myself. That would be the opportunity for you to ask me anything I don't want to know about me from me. And I'll do my best to answer it. Yes. What else do I want to say in this video? Yes, if you want to know when I go live, I don't know when it will be because you know, I don't know when the exact day, the exact time and second, the 100,000 world happened. So it is best that you subscribe to my channel. And once you've subscribed, or if you're already subscribed, if you're already part of the 99,000 and something people on this channel, you can enable the notifications so that you will be notified when I go live. The last time I was live, a lot of people said that they missed it because they didn't get notifications. It's because you didn't notice and never notifications. Join the notification gang. You can subscribe to my channel by scrolling down while watching any of my videos. Then click the subscribe button and then click the bell beside it so that you get notified. So see you on that day. Let's get to the coconut cake. Actually, let me taste the coconut cake first. So you know, you look at how moist it is. Here are the ingredients you will need. We start by breaking the eggs into a big enough bowl. I break them one by one into a smaller bowl, then add into the bigger bowl. This is so that if there's a bad one, it will not ruin the eggs that are already in the bowl. After that, whisk on high speed with a hand mixer until it forms very well. You can also use a stand mixer. It is advisable to use eggs that are at room temperature for this. So bring out the eggs from the fridge the day before you make the coconut cake. When it forms up like this, start adding the sugar and whisk at the same time. Keep doing that till the mix is so creamy and follows you like a ribbon when you remove the whisk. Set that aside, melt the butter. I did it in the microwave and mix with the conque coconut milk. The mixture should be warm, not hot. The link to the video of how to make fresh conque coconut milk should pop up on the screen right now. Mix the plain flour, coconut flour and baking powder in a bowl. Then sift that into the egg and sugar mixture. Mix very well. Add the vanilla extract if you are using it, then the butter and coconut milk mixture. Again, mix very well. Mix it, mix it, mix it. And it's ready to be baked. Pour into a greased cake pan. Then bake in a preheated oven at 180 degrees Celsius. That's 350 Fahrenheit. See the cake rising in the oven? Do not open the oven till the cake is done. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes or till the coconut cake springs back when you push down on it like this. Yes, it bounces back. Also, when you put a knife into it, the knife comes out clean. Leave it to cool down. I like eating it warm.都是 Delicious! Mhm…. moon cake… hmm… 100 cake doneЕ 900 cake… 100 cake了 If you liked this video please give it a thumbs up by clicking the thumbs up sign below the video because I had an integrated vibe that the more you like a video the more you choose it to more people the more subscribers will get and the sooner that 100k will happen and the sooner that live video will happen. May God bless you as you do that. Enjoy!