 Hi, I'm Darcy of Darcy Decorates. Today's tip, how to fix a broken cake. How to fix a broken cake? Okay, so you baked your cake and when you pulled out of the pan, it did something like this. It split on you. Not where you wanted to and even an edge fell off. Don't worry, I'll show you how to fix it. Okay, so how to fix this cake is really easy. So what we're going to do is take apart the part that is completely off. So we're going to hold it together with frosting. It will act as glue. So the best way to do this so that you don't prevent more crumbs from going is to put it in a pastry bag and then frost it. And now see all the crumbs. So what I'm going to do is push down into the cake, push down. That way it doesn't come up on me. Okay, and now I'm going to take the top part of my cake and just literally put it back together. It's going to be like glue. Now you don't want too much frosting because as you can see possibly on the top, it'll start buckling and making weird, you know, extra shape you didn't want. So now we could just smooth that down. And there you go. Now this corner is a little more of a sticky situation. If I apply frosting here, it will probably more than likely just fall back off. This was a big enough piece that will stay in place. This I tell you what, we're going to change our plans a little bit. That's sometimes how it goes. I mean, they're going to leave it round or I'm going to take my knife and just cut it off because I want a nice corner edge. And nobody's going to notice. And then you get to give your family a kiss to your kid. They love to eat the extra scraps. Okay, now let's say, oh, but I had my heart set on a filling. Honestly, you could treat it as if nothing happened. So what I'm going to do is cut the cake in the middle. I have another video that shows exactly how to cut a cake. The secret though is to zigzag saw it. So now I'm very carefully. All right, so now what I'm going to do is if I try to pick up with my hands in my fall apart, we don't want to do that. So I'm going to slip this piece, other cardboard piece in here and treat it just like any other time. Look at that! It almost looks like I never repaired it. How cool is that? So then what I would do is squirt the frosting around the edge. I'm going to cover my other video, how to fill a cake. But I don't really have filling, so I'm just going to go like this and then smooth it in. And now we're going to place it back. So that's how you fix a cracked cake. I'm Darcy of Darcy Decorates. Thanks for watching.