 Hi everyone this is Klaus Arnandis your broker, brew master coming to you from Houston, Texas after the horrible tropical storm Harvey we had about a week ago. Okay so let me tell you what I'm doing here. I've been brewing for a good while now have several different brews out there but I think I'm getting good enough where I need to start telling people and start marking down my actual good beer that I'm making. Today I'm going to introduce you to a pineapple fusion infused beer okay now this is special to me because this beer is actually comes from my Latin heritage from Central South America where this pineapple is creating to a liquor and it's either called depending on what area you live in the Bhattachaya Chichai and other names. So let me get started here first things first we got a cut the top of the pineapple off because this is the section we don't use and now we have to start getting all of these little all of these all of this skin off of the pineapple. Now I don't want you to throw this skin away immediately because believe it or not we're gonna use this skin. This skin this recipe calls for every single part with the exception of the top of the pineapple to be used. This is the method that our answer should did this liquor and it's the method that I want to use in order to create this beer. Okay after we take the skin off we slice the pineapple in about half inch diameters or half inch thickness you can call it okay and after we get these half inch thickness what we do is we start cutting a pineapple into little small squares. Why do we want to use small squares because we want every single inch of every single part of this pineapple to be infused and to start creating alcohol. So you see all these little squares right here all of these squares we're gonna put in this big plastic jar okay as you see right there. So we keep on cutting and we keep on cutting. Now this type of detail that I'm using here for this pineapple and what you'll see in other videos of these other beers that I make this is the type of detail I put to my business. I'm a real estate broker in Houston Texas and this is the type of detail I give to my clients. Whether you're selling or buying property I always always pay attention to what each client wants and what each client needs and then I try to find it okay. Once we find it we put an offer or we sell it that plain and simple okay. Now what's gonna happen with this pineapple? We're gonna let it sit in this plastic container for about two weeks. We're gonna let it fermentate with the sugars I'm gonna add at the end and after that we're gonna introduce our second section of this video which is the actual fermentation of the beer okay. This is an uneasy process. Well this isn't easy process. What's not easy about it is waiting for you actually to drink the beer because I want to drink the beer immediately and I can't I've got a way for it. I've got a way for it usually about three weeks three to four weeks okay. But trust me after you wait that long for your beer there's gonna be a sense of satisfaction from you actually brewing this beer that's gonna be worth it. So remember the skins we're using the skins we're putting them back in there. That core that's in the middle that core is going in there also. The only part that we don't use is the top and the bottom. That we are gonna discard it. One of my last couple of ingredients since we're getting close to the fall we're gonna add some cinnamon. It's not it doesn't have to be a lot maybe one or two pieces and we're gonna add two cups of brown sugar. Now I personally like the flavor of the dark brown sugar. There's a couple of places they have light brown sugar. If you want to use that you can use that but I like the dark brown sugar in my in my brewing. Last step why? We're gonna follow it and top it all the way to the top okay. This might be two, three, maybe even four or five quarts of water. The key thing here is to top it all the way to the top okay. Now I have two quart containers so that wasn't enough. I'll probably a little bit more extra water and now we're gonna top it off. Perfect. That's roughly about four quarts of water that we're using and now the last step is just to make sure we mix it up really good. Get that sugar working in there. Now you ask her so why am I using sugar? Sugar is what's gonna create that alcohol for us. It's gonna blend and mix with a pineapple and the end result is gonna be a really really good high alcohol bonding beer that batches of Chi Chi. Okay so I think I think I did a pretty good job mixing it okay. Now now comes the hard part. We got to be patient and we got to wait. So if you like this video the beginning part one of this video I suggest that you click like and you subscribe to my YouTube channel. You should see it down there somewhere or you're on the right or on the left hand side. Click on it subscribe to my channel and a couple of weeks I'll be posting part two of this video and hopefully in a little bit less than a month I should be introducing the number three brew of my series broker brew master beer number three. Glad you could be here with me. I hope to see you soon.