 Today we're doing something kind of exciting. We're actually going to a seminar learning how to properly wash a car. Now let's bring your own materials so I got some brand new soap that I like to use when I wash my cars. I have my trusty bucket that I've been using for years and you can definitely tell I've gotten some use out of it. And then I can't forget my trusty wash mitt. Oop! Yeah, this is always good. Same works great. It's definitely isn't your average car wash location. This isn't actually a car washing seminar that was kind of a lie. Like I said, I was doing the other day with Matt from Opses Garage and he's going to be showing me how to properly wash a car. If you don't know Matt, he is probably the most extreme level of meticulous OCD. I mean not most extreme but some extreme. Okay, I mean look at it looking here. I'm on the scale extreme. So how most of you guys probably just wash a car in a very simple method. I know there's some of you guys that wash cars properly out there. I'm sure it's going to be kind of interesting to hear all the things that I do wrong and all the things that pretty much anyone could do even if you don't have the proper equipment. Because I know there's a lot of little tricks and stuff to avoid ruining your paint. Yeah, we're going to go through just the basics of washing the car and doing it. You know there's a thousand ways to do it but this is the way I do it which the key is. I just don't want to scratch the paint. And so we're going to develop a process that you'll be able to repeat over and over and over again with all your cars. You know it doesn't cost that much to do it right. And so we're going to go through that. If you're new to my channel and you couldn't tell the resemblance with Matt's little garage, whatever you want to call it in here, Matt is the one that helped me design the garage and kind of source and put everything together. Yeah, this has been my life stream. This isn't really a garage, it's just my wash space. I have a boom pole and it's behind here. So this design is just my car wash and then I'm building a garage in the back. I forgot about this thing. Do you use it? Oh yeah, really? Really? So, oh, this is good. Let's make sure to use the rough side. Okay, this too, like I dropped it in the like rocks and dirt before, but I think it'll be fine. Yeah, look, it's just the fixing, but all is really perfect. Is this the microfiber cabinet? No, it's the other one. Look how amazing this is. It's like a store. So one of the first things that I don't do normally, Matt washes the wheels on his car first, which makes sense when you think about it, because most people will kind of wait and use the soapy water that's left over to wash the wheels. But when you do that, then the water starts drying on your car and you have like water spots. So he does wheels first. I'm learning already. The first thing Matt does is... Okay, so the first step is just spraying the wheel cleaner on it, right? Correct. Then you make sure to try to get it inside like we're kind of behind the barrel as well, right? Yeah, first get it in the barrel. That's what I do. It was so small. Interesting. It's called citrusy. Yeah, a lot of people really think this kind of stuff. Yeah. The smell of it's a lot worse. I think what helps us here is the humidity knocks down some of this difference. You let that sit for a little while, and then it was this first that we used for the barrel first? Yeah. Okay. A minute or two. So this is called the easy detail brush. Got you. Yeah, I normally don't clean my barrels just because it's so difficult because I normally use a washment, but I can definitely see it being a lot easier with this. Yeah. Do you do the spokes with this too? No. This is pretty much for the barrel. Right, so he pulled the uh, grabbed the pressure washer gun in the other hand. Oh, and then I should wash this brush out like every time, so I'm not just gonna get it. Yeah, every, every third time or so, just like that. That's kind of like a big must. Coming from someone who just uses normal hoses. See, I've been torn on this like, is it better to have a legit price, see, because with the pressure washing there's either junk or really, really high in. There's like, there's like a Porsche 918 or like a Kia. And there's nothing in between. Got you. And so that's the thing I struggle with is when I run the NXT Air or when I run it, it's usually good dark snow. And so, you know, the pressure washer cuts out, for the first 10 years of washing, it used to gun garden, that wasn't just fine. Doesn't pressure washing help a lot for bugs? A little bit. I wish I brought my truck man. That thing is so bad, I can't even wash so bad. Oh, that's why I didn't want to get a bringing truck. I have to deal with it. I've never used a brush before, but uh, this is really, really helpful. So, hit the brush with the water first. To get it wet? Yeah. You know, every five or six. Another thing you always want to make sure, or you keep everything off the ground. Yeah, I know. Yeah, the brush makes it. Especially Florida with soap or with sand, I should say. The brush makes it so nice you're getting behind these. I don't know why I never thought of a brush. I'm always trying to get a wash in there and like, scraping on my knuckles on these spikes. So, what's on this? Is it wheel cleaner? Like, what's making it sud so hard? Yeah, so that's the advantage of this wheel cleaner. This is called Nex, that color 10. So, it's almost like a wash and wheel cleaner. I don't know, it just makes me feel better when I see some suds. Most wheel cleaners don't, like, if they have that solution in it to turn purple to break down the iron, then they generally don't. Don't sud. Yeah, they don't have any kind of lubrication. So, this is like from an actual lamp? So, blow it and get some water on it first. It's not water. So, now you're able to get spray. I'm not used to the pressure washer. So, I think that's something we almost need to polish for. Like, in between these spokes, it's still... And there's some built up. And see, that won't happen if you wash your wheels properly regularly. Correct, yeah. And that's the main advantage of doing this because you would just mention it on your way home. Probably going to get dirty again. We're going to use tire and rubber cleaner, which is something that I never use ever, ever, ever, ever. Apparently, oh, that's nice. That's great. It's a shame to watch. But apparently, it'll make a big difference when it comes to, like, dressing the tires. It will actually last. So... And usually, you know, when you're doing the tire, you'll probably want to do... You know, a quarter of it's frayed off, in another quarter is frayed off. And then, you know, with the tire to fast, with the motion, the more working. I'll do it again, okay. One hour in and we've cleaned two wheels. And then we'll just... There's another little layer of silicone dioxide that we use. And the way that this works is you want to get it on and get it right off. This stuff isn't, like, super protective. Like, it doesn't add, like, a massive layer of protection. But it will help with, with stuff that, you know, that would bond. So this is it. That's funny. This is all the stuff that I do last, and you do it first. You theoretically shouldn't have any iron. The hole would be very bad if you had iron here. You wouldn't need it, so it should just be the oil. So we shouldn't see the purple there. That's why I do it last. Left hand. Left hand, Adam. Leave it in your left hand. You can't run really all jacked up now. Oh, he's the hoses. Can you make sure I can run? So we're going to start off by foaming the car with a foam cannon. Now, I know it's really important. I think it's to kind of like elevate all the crap off the surface of the car. So you're not moving around and making swirl marks. But can you give a little bit more detailed explanation? Yeah, I mean, it's... Foaming the car is... If you talk a lot of professional details, they talk about when... Maybe it's more fluff than it actually... Function, than actual function. But the general idea is so... The mulsifies or lifts... Hopefully lifts dirt or breaks down dirt. And so you spray the soap on the car and the soap runs off the car. So hopefully you're pulling some of the dirt off. That's the general idea behind foaming it. Another interesting thing that they do is putting the soap actually on the mitt. Apparently gives you a little bit better suds. And rather than kind of like spraying all the soap out of the bucket, it'll kind of retain in the mitt. Is the car actually sitting here at the foam from the top down and kind of angle it? So you push the stuff off the car? No, no. The key is to get the foam to sit on the car. So that way it'll do its thing, hopefully breaking down some dirt. And then we'll eventually run off the car and grab it and pull it down. The car is running off the car. Oh, it's a good whack. Now we started by washing from the top of the car down right in straight lines so you don't make sure what marks. So do all the YouTube comments, hold me. General philosophy here, two bucket method right on. I put the dirty mitt in the one bucket, rinse it off, and then put it in soap and then get it on the car. So you're right, we start to pop down. I'm going to start up here. Now, one of the keys and the reason why I don't like using a mitt, like why I don't like putting my hand in here is I feel like I'll have a tendency to lean in to have more pressure, right? Matt, your buckets are rolling away. Oh, that's not how I always do. The bearings in number two good. So I want to let the mitt do the work, right? I don't want to be in here buffing out the paint, if I can help it. And if I have a good wax or sealant on the paint, this should be all really neat. So as I'm washing, are you going straight lines or I see how I'm doing it matters? What if you have a hard to get spot, like let's say from a thought I've got like some sound. You just go over that and leave it and come back to a later, rather than be stopping it. I think so. So you scrub it then the mitt picks it up and then you're moving it around. Right, right. So let's say you know we had a bird draw a bigger something on your roof. We're going to do it on the front bumper here. But if we have a spot that you can't get with this, you don't want to be sitting here because they're all doing is I'm loosening up the sand and dirt that's on the paint. So I'm lifting some of it, but a lot of it I'm just pushing it around, which then hopefully we'll get wrenched off. Hey, like washing cars is one of those things where like you can get as crazy as you want. So I hope marketing also the thing where you can get like as crazy as you want in terms of how often you... Yeah, some people would like to use a new sponge for every time they touch the car. So this is something that I've been wanting to get. This is a D.I. and I, Sir. Matt, you want to give like a super brief explanation of what it does? It allows you to rinse the car off and not have to dry it. Because it won't get minerals. It removes all the minerals and stuff in the water. So there's some sort of like powder in here, right? That's resin. And isn't it what about like two or three dollars per every car? Something like that? I looked it up. No, it's not that expensive. So this is my original, I mean the things like 380 bucks, something like that. And I've probably done 300 wash up with as far. Okay, maybe it was if you used D.I. and I as water for the entire car rather than just the rinse. Yeah, you have, yeah. I only do using other rinse. All of the dirt off the tank. Go in my wash buckets and I'll use a bug sponge to get these heavier bugs off. I know it doesn't blow gas through or oil through the outlet. If my car had like a decent coating on it, then when he used that leaf flow, probably would have blown all the water off. I still think the cool thing about using the leaf flowers that it gets water out of a lot of places where a towel wouldn't. Yeah. Like in those lug nut holes, there are lots of little like body lines and stuff. Yeah, especially like over the wheels, you know, getting all I can drive out of there. But you would think that you carwash, you wouldn't want to use it to help dry. This is kind of like the each duo garden gloss that out of those makes. Yeah, only this is wax. It's not them on car wax, for the users, those are drying it. So essentially what we want is, you know, we start some water on the paint. We want a layer of lubrication, right, to help it avoid any stalling marks or scratching. Now this stuff is a little trickier because it is a wax. So we don't want to, you know, we don't want to just keep this on. The more you put it on the harder it is to get off. Now another thing you want to do a little trick, even though my nice towels and a thick care of them, you still want to make sure that there's nothing in it. You know, there isn't something sticking out that could be a damage to the paint. So let's just a good practice to get into every kind of towel touches the car. You want to inspect it. Just spray it and then use the clean side to kind of like, yeah, I mean, you'll see it. You know, man, there's, you can still see some streaking. So I'm probably going to want to use a couple of towels. So all start on the trunk? Yeah. I don't think it smells good. I want to use it somewhere. I don't like it on the paint as much. But I feel like it does better in the dirty area of the car. And then these towels seem too good to be using on the dirty door cans when I love this application. Do you know anything about Bitcoin? Yeah. Should I buy Bitcoin? No. When it goes down? Never. Why? It's too late. You miss the party. You're probably still protected to go way higher. You know, it may. In general, with investing, you know, buying speculative things like that. I don't know. I think you need to really get immersed into it and really follow it and become sort of an expert on it. Otherwise, you just leave it alone. Now, this is a like a hybrid coating slash cleaner. It's called the most awesome glass cleaner protect. Put the cute windows and clean them this walk away. Oh, the, uh, the top. Right. See, you would think this is not really designed for windows. But it does such a great job of, I don't know, one grabbing in their bugs or anything like that. But it also is pretty heavy GSM, the Grand Spirits Square meter. So it's heavy enough that it, it, it soaks up water pretty well. So we're hitting the tires with some cargo pearl. I don't like shiny tires. No, it's pretty requisite number one. When it comes to sort of the last step, I think this makes a big difference in what you're, what your overall car looks like when your tires look clean. And so this will go on pretty satin. And what I'll generally do is after all that it's set for, you know, five minutes or so by the time I get around all four tires, and I'll come back and I'll wipe a little bit. That's smart because I hate it when it flings. Right. And we deal with this in Florida more than other places. But the humidity, you notice all the rust on your rotors. Yeah. I have another product called hides that I would normally spray on. The BBS wheels mask it. I forgot to, forgot to do it. But here is the finished product. We now have a properly washed car. I didn't go into crazy detail, but that is Matt's thing. Matt is going to be making a video of what we did today. And he goes into way more detail in terms of talking about the products and why he uses them, etc. So if you're really curious to learn a really in-depth knowledge on how to wash cars, detail them, everything I highly recommend checking out Obsess Garage. There will be a link next to your head or somewhere on the screen. We actually actually have shameless plug. I've packaged. I've been getting hit up so much for exactly what products, like everything that we use in this is packaged. So I now have is there's the car wash package and then the wheel cleaning package. Again, if you don't know Matt, you're probably wondering what the deals with is S2000 over here. This is Matt's actually just got this car. It's the S2000 CR. CR means club racer, right Matt? Yeah. So it's like a super rare special edition S2000. He's already super charged it, did a full correction on the car. He's got wheels, brakes coming. How much power does it car make? And when are you going to let me drive it? Why? I think this is going to be a nobody drives car. Yeah? Nobody would be a drives car. Is it because it's faster? Is it because it's your baby? You trust me with your GT3 in the Smoky Mountains? Yeah. This one's a little bit more insane. While I'm out in this area, I decided I would stop at a very conveniently located place that I have the fortune of being near. And it is in Juku Racing. I've got a bag full of stuff. Mainly just maintenance stuff. I'll show you guys later for my 240. But it's super convenient having them local and just being able to go and pick up parts. Especially when you're always in a rush and everything has a deadline like me. You guys aren't going to imagine what I'm about to drive up next to. Can you see it up there? It's hiding. Goals. I chased the owner down and he's actually going to let me drive it. Would you look at that? I get to drive it. It's actually really great to be able to practice driving on the right side again because we're going back to Japan super soon. It's not so cool. I showed you guys before that sample of the poster that we were going to do. We decided to go through with this photo. You may have seen me posted on my Instagram. It's from Seams legit. So we bought the rights to the photo off of him and we were producing these prints, posters, whatever you want to call him. I definitely wouldn't call him a poster though because we went with this really heavy, it's almost like postcard material. It's really thick. And what we're doing, I thought it would be cool to do only 300 sign ones. And then maybe every month we'll do a different print. So I'm going to sign 300 of them and those will be on the site probably sometime like tomorrow. We've had requests for posters or something like this forever. So I'm really happy that we're finally doing it and I have a photo that I'm stoked on. And then I think Nicole and I are also going to sign a couple dozen in addition to these 300 to give out to people who order all three of the new shirt designs that I will be showing you tomorrow. That will be released tomorrow. More details coming soon. Nicole's killing it with the numbering. 58, 158. I got to catch up. Tomorrow's going to be super hectic because we got to do a ton of packing for good life. And I don't have my car yet back from paint. So there's a lot of last minute stuff still to do. So these are the ones that will be sending out with orders. They get all three of the new designs. Not nearly as many. If you get the one with the extra heart, just know it wasn't the video. For whatever reason I really like playing blue style leads over like metal style riffs. So that's what we're going to do. Thank you guys for watching and I hope you enjoyed this video.