 How does the land survey affect the price of the property? This is a very old county. We actually every now and then, when someone wants to sell a piece of property, the property could have been in the family for 50, 100, even 150 years. We will see handwritten deeds that are by description and don't even have a survey. So it will say where the old oak tree is or where the big white rock is. We've had surveys to say that where the tractor axle is in the stream. And there really will be a tractor axle in the stream. So these are significant monuments, but this is not a survey piece of property. When these properties convey by deed and description, it's very natural for there to be gaps in a survey or overlaps. And these are problems when your neighbor thinks that they own the same thing as you or it's a problem when there's a gap between you and your neighbor that no one owns. And there are lots of gaps in the county. So when you get a survey that clears it all up and it gives a color of title. The newer the survey, the better. So if I have a client come in and they have a survey that's two or three years old, I'm thinking that we're in really good shape. If we have a survey that's 10 years old, it may or may not be a good survey. So if it's 10 years old out in the country and nothing's been happening, that might still be a good survey. But if it's 10 years old and it's in an area where a lot of things have been happening, and Jobab is building a workshop right next door and the other neighbors building a fence and another neighbor's building a barn, there's a chance that somebody may have gone over and encroached upon the property. The survey comes in and makes sure that there's no overlap of these structures. The newer the survey, the better. If it doesn't have a survey, we're in trouble. And if it has a really old survey, we can be in trouble. The last thing that people really need to know about is a remainder track. And this is very, very confusing to a lot of sellers. They'll have 100 acres or they believe that they have 100 acres. They have 20 acres surveyed out and they sell that to someone. And it's clear because there was a survey that that was 20 acres and it conveyed and that's done. But because they believe that they had 100 acres and then they surveyed out 20 acres, they, because they didn't want to spend the money, they didn't survey the remainder track. And so they assume that if you have 100 and you cut out 20, then you have 80. That's not necessarily the case. They really should have bucked up. They painted themselves into a quarter when they sold that 20. They most definitely should have surveyed that 80 so they knew exactly what they had. What happens to the other 80? Well, it's a remainder track so it is unknown. When someone comes to me and they say, all right, you know, mommy and daddy gave us this 100 acres and we sold off 20 and now we want to sell the 80 with you. They're, they're, they can be very put off when I say, okay, well, you need to get that 80 surveyed as well. And they're like, no, we surveyed the 20. And I'm like, yes, but you have to survey the 80 because I don't know that it's 80. If they think it would be 80, but there are a lot of things that can happen. And so that remainder track is actually an unsurveyed piece of property. When you cut off the arm, we don't know what's left. You assume what's left, but it is an assumption. It doesn't always add the only way you know for a fact is if you cut off, if you survey the 20 and you survey the remainder and it's called a remainder track. Okay. The remainder track is an unsurveyed piece of property and that is something where the public might not have a whole lot of knowledge about it. And I don't like being the harvester of bad news, but I say, you know, what is it? What can you have to do to affect the 80? Well, it's just, it might not be 80. Okay. And that's where there's a lot of hard to do. Okay. So if the 100 acre track was 100 years old and we know we survey off the 20, I am confident that that new survey is 20. Right. Not confident that the 80 is 80. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.