 Come on in here. We're gonna make some cabbage and hot water cornbread. Come on in the kitchen. I'm only using half cabbage because it's just us and we're not gonna eat that much. Well if you watch this morning video, I showed you all how to make breakfast on a bun. I had gone away for the weekend and when I returned, you get my little carrot here, baby. My stuff, my husband had bought some bacon. So right over here in this pan this morning, I fried some bacon and I kept my bacon drippings. And I'm gonna put my garlic, onion, bell pepper, all the stuff that I froze. It's gonna make a taste real good. Put some of that in there and then we're just gonna saute this cabbage just a little bit. Come on right over here, baby, please, Mr. Camryman. Once before, you may recall, I cooked cabbage and I had it in a real big pot and I boiled it. When we're gonna do this one, we just gonna steam it. Woo-hoo-hoo! I have went down the road. We just gonna cut this. You know, this is gonna be really good because I'm making it just a little bit. We're gonna saute this. I want to get it going first and then we're gonna start on the hot water cornbread, okay? Alrighty. Half ahead. If you got a bigger family, just use the whole head. See the last time when I cooked that whole head of cabbage, I was expecting more people. And we didn't have that many who came, so I gave the rest to my cousin Edmond. And of course, he didn't mind the toll. Now let's take this cabbage. Shred up my water over here. I got my water boiling from my hot water cornbread and I got my fire over here and then get that a little bit higher. Okay, I'm just gonna put this, I'm just gonna put this cabbage in here. Just like this. If you didn't fry any bacon, then you can put a little piece of meat in there, some ham, some, um, some turkey, some smoked turkey. My cabbage cooks quickly so you don't need much in there, okay? I'm gonna turn that up. Oh, excuse me, Mr. Cameraman. I put my seasoning right here. I got some black pepper. You know the usual. I got a little Tony Shashiré. I've got some garlic salt. And I've got some sugar. Just a little pinch of sugar. Put a lid on here and guess what? Guess what, babe? I'm done. We don't let that cabbage cook over there. That's it. I am done. Now, my hot water's boiling. Let's come over here and make this hot water for the bread. Oh, I have some carrot. Babe, don't let me forget to put these in there when they're almost done, okay? Oh, Trump. All right. Let's come over here and let's get started on this hot water cornbread. This is a recipe that I have finally perfected. I would make hot water cornbread and sometimes it would turn out right, sometimes it wouldn't. And then when it turned out right, I couldn't remember what I did. So I started remembering what I did. And if it didn't turn out right, then I would just forget. Now, the old fashioned way to make hot water cornbread is just cornmeal and hot water. Simple as that. But let me show you what I do. This is one time I do measure. Folks from the country don't measure. And I'll tell you why they don't measure because it was a crime to teach a slave to read or write. And so my grandmother, take my grandmother for example, her parents were slaves. So they didn't know a half a cup, a whole cup of tea school. They didn't know any of that. You had to remember how to make something. Now, the one time I will measure is now because I never can't remember how much is in one box of jiffy corn mix. It's one cup and a half, okay? So this is what you do. You use two of the one, two parts of jiffy, one part flour and one part cornmeal, two parts of jiffy, one part flour, one part cornmeal. So if we have a cup and a half, then that would be what? Three quarters of a cup? No. Yeah, three quarters. Okay. So since we have a cup and a half of jiffy, we're going to use three quarters cup of flour. Let me get my measure cups. Just so you can see it's going to come to a cup and a half. We're going to measure this time two thirds cup, one half cup. I think there's no three quarters cup on here. So let me get a quarter. All right. I'm going to round this way. And we get two. Okay. I'll put this back together later. Since I'm doing three quarters cup flour. Okay. It's got one quarter, two quarter, three quarters. Now let me do three quarters cup. Because you want to use twice as much jiffy as you do flour. Twice as much jiffy. Oh, no, this is sugar. As you do cornmeal. Oh, here's my cornmeal. I have another one. Right here. Whoops. Sorry about that. Okay. One, and remember what Cudmau de Rue said. She said that the white cornmeal has a little more flour. So let's use less. Okay. This should come up to three quarters. Okay. One and a half. We got a little bit more than one and a half. But I'm going to put. Okay. So I used, uh, do you understand that, babe? Yeah. Okay. So twice as much jiffy as you do flour and cornmeal. If you were to use, um, a cup with jiffy, you would use a half cup of flour and a half cup of your, um, cornmeal. Now we're just going to mix it together just like this. Mix it really well. Let's see if I have a zip lock bag. So I can really mix it really well. Oh, the right side. Okay. That's okay. We're going to, oh yeah, cabbage over there cooking. Okay. If you have a zip lock bag, put it in your zip lock bag so everything can mix well. I'm going to use that. That's okay, babe. I don't like it anyway. I'm going to do it like my mama would know. She would have put it in here. Stir it up a little bit and then she would put it back in here and then she would put it back in here. They look like it started up y'all. I don't think it looks like it's good to start up. Now how much do you use? This is going to be my batter. I'm not using all of this. Whenever I'm going to put this in a zip lock bag and whenever I'm ready to make hot water cornbread, what I'm going to do is use equal amounts of cornmeal and water. Equal amounts of cornmeal and water. I shouldn't put that in there. Okay. So let's say I'm using, let's say I'm cooking, hold on a minute. Equal amounts. So if I'm going to use, it doesn't matter how much. Cut one cup, two cup, three cup, four cup. If I'm using this much of my mixture, I'm going to use the same amount of water. Okay. I'm going to use as my daddy would say the same as much. I'm going to use the same as much water. And we're just going to take it and mix it. You can add an egg if you like. I make mine with an egg. My daughter makes hers without an egg. See how it is? Thickening up like that? Okay. It's ready. That's it. No, but your fire can be kind of tricky. Let me come over here. Mr. Cameron man. What's my time? Almost 10 minutes. Almost 10 minutes. Okay, let me knock this out. We'll only have 15 minutes. Okay. I had this up a little bit too high. Some of my liquid cooked out, but I just want to saute it. I don't want to boil it like I did last time. I just want to, ooh, it is looks good. I just want to do a quick, mild good bag. Honey, this is country style. Country style with that herb. And what I'm going to do is let the residual heat finish cooking this because I don't want to overcook my cabbage. So I'm going to turn this off. Okay. Get those carrots worked in there. Turn that off. And now let's make this hot water cord right before my time is up. I'm not going to light. Okay. That should be hot enough over there. Okay. Now in the country, what you do, when you try to pat this, it's going to be cold. I mean, it's going to stick to your hands. So you want to rinse your hands in cold water just like this. And then pat it. And it won't stick. See? I'm not going to stick it all. Pat it out like that if you want. Let me see if that's ready. It's possible. Yeah. It looks like that. I put some more cold water on my hands. Look. Do it like that. Yeah. I'm just going to, let me see. Let me see if I'm not going to rinse my hands. And let's see if it sticks. Although my hands are still kind of wet. But look, you just pat it out. However you want it. Just like that. Make it kind of round. Flop it over there. I'm at 11 minutes. Almost 12. Almost 12? Okay. Flop it. Kind of hot. Maybe that's why they take you with cold water on your hands. Okay. I shouldn't be able to get about two more out of here. Let's see. Get another one. Okay. Drop that in here. Don't be afraid to drop it in there. If for some reason you think you're going to burn yourself, if your hands are wet, then water will. See? It's sticking to my hands. See? See how I was doing? Okay. If your afraid is going, you're going to burn yourself. Then this is what you do. Take it. I'm over here, put it on the spoon, and then just drop it. In here. Drop it. Okay. And let those cook. I'm going to put a little bit more fire over here. See how simple that looks? Okay. Let me know in a minute. Okay. Clean as we go. Now all this over here is my extra hot water cornbread mix. I'm going to put this in a bag. And whenever I'm ready to cook hot water cornbread, I just add my mix. It's already prepared. And however much mix I add, that's how much water I add. If I want to cook all this, actually, I will just add water to it. And you know, when you can always add an egg to it, I may cook. Maybe later, we're going to come back and I'm going to cook another batch. And I will add, look at that. I will add an egg to it. See how simple that is? Look at that. My cabbage is over here. Ready. How much time, babe? Almost 14. Almost 14. Look. I'm sauteing this cabbage. I'm probably going to go ahead 14. I thought I was going to go ahead and fry a little chicken to go with this. But you've seen me do that before. Now I'm going to turn this down. Okay. And flip this. These went in last. So you can look at the sides until they need to cook a little bit longer. But you just want to cook them until they are golden brown. And then we're going to drain them. To drain them. Right over here. Okay. That's my strainer. Put them right there. All righty. See the other side? Just need to cook a little bit more. That's not quite brown enough. Okay. All right. I'll post a picture you all. I'm going to clean the kitchen. See y'all later. Thank you for coming to the kitchen with yo-bo. See y'all. Bye-bye.