 On this edition of Steve's Cooking, I'm going to show you how to make classic chicken corn and blue. Okay, chicken corn and blue. Delicious, easy to make. A lot of people get intimidated by it because of the name. It's really easy to make. We're going to be using some fantastic sweet and gorgeous and some Swiss cheese. Okay, the first thing we need to do is cut the breast in half. So lightly, gently, just cut in half. Fingers flat. Now place plastic wrap on the chopping board, trim, place chicken in the middle and fold. Now gently flatten it out. I'm using the meat back. You can use a rolling pin, just as good. Okay, so that's about where I want it. Nice. It's the first very important season, some salt, ground black pepper. Again add plastic wrap to the chopping board, trim, place chicken in the middle, add ham and cheese. Then the plastic wrap roll tight. Now twist to make it all nice and tight. And that goes in the fridge for 30 minutes. So now add in your flour, just enough to coat, and your egg, and then whisk, and your break crumbs. Add a touch of salt to the flour, and some ground black pepper, and then mix it. Now place toothpicks in the chicken to seal. Now coat the chicken in flour, remove the excess, egg wash, and break crumbs. Add olive oil to a pan, add chicken, and seal on all sides until golden brown. Look at that, it's like a block, all the sides are sealed, it looks gorgeous. So now what we're going to do, we're going to put it in the oven and cook it. Now place in a 350 degree oven for about 20 minutes. So while the chicken's cooking, we're going to make a nice pasta sauce. So finally dice this a lot. Turn, mine your fingers, dice. Look at that beautiful, finely dice your lot. Same gee garlic. Now pan, add olive oil and shallots. Now you just want to lightly sweat these for about 5 minutes. Next you garlic, and then cook out for 2 minutes. Next plain flour, and just cook the flour out for 2 to 3 minutes, just to get that green in itself. Next add stock, and some white wine. Now still well, and we're going to reduce this by half. So that's reduced, now adding cream. Now mix well, now bring the cream up to the boil, then reduce 1 to 2 minutes. Some fresh parsley, and then just roughly chop. Smells so fresh, I love it. And just give it a good stir, look at that, looks fantastic. So let's taste, need salt, ground black pepper, some mix good, let's taste. Perfect, gorgeous. When the chicken is rested, slice. Once the chicken is sliced, with a pair in knife, take out the toothpicks. So there you have it, a simple version of a tasty cordon blue that you can try at home for free. Look at that beauty, what's gorgeous? Some white to token, let's have a bit of this chicken. Mmm, that chicken is so moist.