 It's important to sometimes meditate on the struggles of those who fought to sever the chains of oppressive governments. At one point, Great Britain ruled 30% of the people on the planet. Over time, they lost their empire to a cascade of secession movements before ultimately submitting themselves to the European Union. On June 23rd, 2016, the people of Britain chose to seize their freedom and voted to leave the EU. Throughout human history, men have struggled for the right to choose their own destinies. India rejected Britain. The African National Congress cast off the Boers. The Confederacy renounced their Yankee government oppressors. What you fight if you had to? You mean fight with arms? Yes. With the rest of Canada's fight to keep Quebec in... I don't know. Against its own will, I know it won't. Because I think the rest of Canada, first of all, has no illusions on that score and second is civilized. Today, we're making authentic English cucumber sandwiches. Peel the cucumbers, leaving just enough skin behind to impart a pleasing color to your sandwiches. Once peeled, slice apart the cucumber like it's a coercive and artificial confederation of nations. Pat the cucumber slices to dry. Do it gently and don't crush them. They're not the European Parliament. Smash, then mince, a French garlic clove. Chop one perpollonion, paying no mind to EU knife safety regulations. At a dash of salt harvested from the North Sea. We have now taken the best parts of the ingredients and blended them to create a delicious filling for our sandwiches. Marble and how the ingredients have achieved the height of their glory through assimilation into our English cucumber sandwich spread. Cut the edge off a lemon and squeeze the juice over the cucumbers. Squeeze it like you mean it. Straighten to the eye of a bumble-y euro crad. Place fresh dill on top and now assemble the sandwiches. Red crusts are a European invention, so cut them off. As the British Empire lost its lustre, it succumbed to the bureaucratic ways of the mainland. However, the UK has risen up to cast out its forward rulers. Budica proclaimed as her forces routed the Romans at Colchester. Behold the proud display of war-like spirits and consider the motives for which we draw the avenging sword. Now, we cut off the last suffocating crusts of overbearing regulation and break our bonds to the hellish continent, slipping through the fingers of the EU's despotic fist. Now that your sandwiches are done, it's time to consume them and celebrate. The cucumber pairs very well with the London dry gin, followed by dancing with your fellow Britons, closest and pointed angle files. You don't want me to help you out, you say you can make it by yourself, but I can defeat when you know what's what I like. You'll be as I let out the chill, today it dies. You know you think you're fooling, baby, nobody but yourself can't you leave, it's not a force you are in, baby, nobody but yourself, baby, nobody but yourself. You need love is your game, but you can't play with any name, so don't tell me that you can never win, and you know you won't be fooled if you're done again. You do think you're fooling, baby, nobody but yourself can't you leave, it's not a force you are in, baby, nobody but yourself, baby, nobody but yourself. You say you can love anymore, because you're not as strong as before, but I can defeat when just the other night, you ask me to hold it before and die. You do you think?