 We're going to make garlicy roasted spatchcock chicken using all these great vegetables, carrots, brussel sprouts. We're going to make a delicious garlic lemon time butter. The great thing about spatchcocking or a butter flying of the chicken is that it ensures you have really crispy skin and a juicy, juicy chicken in a lot less time because you're opening it up, lying it out. It's really great, very classic. First things first though, we're going to make our really yummy garlic butter by using some chopped garlic and a little salt on it which is going to keep the garlic from really moving around a whole lot while we make it into a paste. And then we have some fresh time, lemon zest, citrus, loves chicken. You're essentially butterflying it. You're opening up the chicken so it can cook a whole lot faster. You want to find the backbone and just cut on either side of it. It was bones of very brittle around the backbone. You should not have any trouble using a good pair of pastry shears. Just cutting that right out. We have to flatten this out to further the spatchcocking method. Support to have a big enough pan. For one, we're going to have all these great vegetables that we're going to be adding after our chicken cooks for a bit. And it's good to have a nice rim on it because you're going to be getting lots of natural juices from the chicken as well as these vegetables as they start to cook. Okay, we have our butter mixture. We want to reserve a couple of tablespoons of our butter for later use and then we're going to rub the rest of this butter all around our bird. Now our bird is now ready to go to the oven where it's going to bake at 450 for about 10 minutes. We're going to drop our oven temperature down to 400 degrees and we're going to add our potatoes around the chicken. And after that cooks about 20 minutes, we're going to be bringing our brussels sprouts and carrots. Right in these vegetables and stages from what is going to take the longest to cook to what is going to take not very long to cook. Now the potatoes are going to take a just a bit longer. So that's why we have them on now. These brussels and the carrots not so much. So they're only going to need to go and find another 20 minutes before they're nice, intender and delicious. And we reserved two tablespoons of our lemon, garlic and time butter. And I'm just going to rub it around the breast meat. Go ahead and put a little bit down on the legs and thighs as well. And then this is going to go back in the oven. So our chicken is out of the oven. As you can see, it is just beautiful golden brown. The butter has made for a nice, caramelized skin. You see the potatoes are good and brown. Brussels sprouts and carrots are tender. Now our next step is to just drizzle everything with a little lemon juice. It is delicious and it is ready to go.