 Let me make a quick video on how to eliminate maps, kind of a poor man's elimination. What I've got here is some nautical maps, part of my get home route. I'm going to eliminate them using contact paper, transparent, clear, matte contact paper from Walmart. This rolls like, I don't know, four or five bucks. What you do is you put it on both sides and you'll get a really good lamination. It's not that hard to do. It just takes a little bit of time and effort. I saw on YouTube some guide used packing tape. That's crazy. This is much better. So, let's do it. You cut the shelf liner and then you start it to corner and you peel off the paper backing. And the stuff's not real strong adhesive, so you get a little bit of a play, a little bit of time to play with it a little bit of forgiveness. So, you peel it off. I'm doing the worst job I could possibly do. If that happens, you just stop and you peel it up and then pull until you get the tear to line up. Now, I have the shelf liner laying there adhesive side up and I'm just going to eye it and I'm going to lay the map down. I want the middle of the map to land first and then I'm going to spread from the center out. I'll hold it one piece and spread from the center out. It's very forgiving. Yeah, I little had a little bit of fold there. I'll pull it back up and I'll start it again. It's not real strong adhesive, so it's pretty forgiving. If you have a little squeegee, something that's not sharp, strong and firm, you can squeegee, you always squeegee from the center out. All right, I've already done one and it was a map. It actually was printed front and back, so it's just one piece between two sheets of acetate and I asked to, I'm sorry, shelf paper. Of course you want to have the shelf paper go farther out than the paper that you're laminating, the map you're laminating so that you can get that water tightness. The neat thing about this inexpensive shelf paper is that it's a matte finish. It's not glossy and I think that's just much more readable. I have two done. On the last one, I have two maps that had advertising on the back of each one. What I've done is I've taped them together back to back with just regular old double-sided tape and I'm going to laminate them the same way using the contact paper. This way I'll only have three maps until within instead of four once they're laminated.