 Hello, today I'm at my friend's house, I'm in her lovely kitchen and we're going to learn how to make fairy cakes. Now we're going to make them look like the ones of Sex and City and really pretty beautiful ones and very good, so popular of everyone and they always make people smile. So whether you've got a friend birthday coming up or you just want to eat 12 self, no, we're going to teach her to make them. So Susie, we're ready. This is so easy. This is a kitchen. You're going to do everything. Yep, so we have got, that's all, I've got the butter out of the fridge, it's unsalted, so always use unsalted for baking. I've got 200 grams of butter here, and that's been at room temperature, so we're going to put them in the bowl, butter. Now I've also got 200 grams of castor sugar, now with fairy cakes at most fun cakes, normally all the quantities are the same of the butter, flour and sugar, so again I've got 200 grams of butter, 200 grams of sugar, castor sugar as is. And then you're just going to whisk that basically, so you just whisk it into it slightly like a cream. And then stand back. You don't need any kind of quantity like to make quick mess, you don't need to be on it, we usually need to fold and spoon, if you don't want to do little mix it, it makes life look good. See what Susan's doing. So just keep going. So now the butter and the sugar have gone a slightly lighter white colour, I don't even see it actually very clearly there, it still looks quite yellow, but it has gone lighter, so it's now very soft, so you want to kind of beat it to that consistency. Thank you very much my lovely Susan. And now all we'll do, hold on, I don't know if you can see me, but anyway, now all we'll do is we add the eggs a little bit at a time, Susan, yes come back. Two drops too. So we're just going to add the eggs, like one at a time, there's three eggs there, and then we're going to blend it as we go along, so pour a little bit in, that's right, and now we'll blend it again. You can do it with a blender, yeah, it'll either save your own. Thanks Susan. And the system is here, oh it's here, yeah, let's see, just keep blending the cake mixture with the egg, and then we'll pour a little bit more in as we're going along. So just do the egg little by little, there we go. Now we're just sifting the flour in, we've added all the eggs, sift all the flour in, and also 200 grams of self-raising flour, so you just blend that all in, and now with the mixer again. We can't use a mixer, so it's all done. So we're going to need one teaspoon of vanilla essence. Lovely, your mixer should be looking roughly like that now. If the mixer gets a little bit too thick, then you can always add a couple of tablespoons of milk, so I'm going to add, I'd say, about two to three tablespoons of milk, and so you keep whisking. The mixer is mixing like that, it's fairly soft, and now it's pretty much ready to go on the oven. Good? Please, don't forget to take the other milk and get one egg. Of course, hold it. So now the fairy cake mixer is all ready, we're just going to spoon it into the cases. You need to get a tin, which is like a muffin tin, which is quite deep base there. I've got a muffin cases, because you want to make a fairly big, sub-dante fairy cake, so they're kind of nice and a little pitty ones. So I'll just show you, yeah. That's it, yeah. Just till about that level, that's fine. So till about halfway, and that'll make a nice decent-sized fairy cake. Fairy cake, so in there, ready to go on the oven. The oven is on, um, Gassmott 180, oh sorry, 180 Celsius Gassmott 4, so, and they just take about 12-15 minutes. And which, okay, the middle shell. Yeah, because you've got pan ovens that are fine, so pop them in. Yeah, pop them in. Yeah, pop them in. Yeah. Lovely. It's smelling good. Mm, you need some other vision. Smell of vision, that'll be the next thing. Okay, so fairy cake's ready, now to test that they're done. You can poke a skewer in and make sure it comes out clean. Or if you just touch them on the top, and if it springs back, that means that they're done all the way through. So, it's first of all, now for the fun bit. So now I'm going to make the icing. So I've got 175 rounds of unsalted, very soft butter. And so make sure you leave it out. Do the, you're going to put them in. So you're going to wait for it. And then I've got, it's 350 grams of icing sugar. So that's the go. I think I'll put it in half at a time, because it'll just blur the room, otherwise. And all we're going to do, basically, is just whisk it until it all goes smooth and buttery. I think I know where we're going last time. Like, see the icing sugar. You said it. Yeah, that's fine. Yeah. Definitely. And a Susie's sticking point is the icing, so this is very crucial for her. Yeah, so stick it in there and then we'll just blend it. I'm going to watch out for you. Oh no, unfortunately, we've had a little accident and I've broken her whisk. Yeah, I'm really sorry Sus. Oh, my God. I'm so sorry. Oh dear, I'll buy you a new one. Okay, so now I've wrote the whisk, as you can see. So it's back to the old fashioned way of beating everything as hard as you can with a wooden spoon. And that's why I've got some big muscles there. And you just have to keep beating it until it goes white and creamy and soft enough to put on the cakes. So now we've fixed the icing. If the icing is too thick, you can always pour a little bit of hot water or milk in to make it a bit more easier to handle. So yeah, you just drop a bit of cream on here. So I think it's a little bit. Always better start off with less and you can always add more if you want to. It's not the right colour, but the shade. It's a bit light, isn't it? I can't see that. It's all in. So now you've got all your colours ready. All you need to do is get an icing tube, which has got a nice nozzle on the end. Now it really depends what kind of effect you want to have. Now I want to make quite a thick kind of ripple effect. So I've got a little nozzle there, which has got quite a wide ending on it. Or wide shopping. So what you do is put the icing into the icing bag and then where you go. Get a big spoonful, try and get it right down to the bottom as far as you can. Put it in there. So the icing has gone in. And then we have to squeeze the top of the bag until it starts to ooze out on the bottom. Like so. So you can see. Can you see? This is really fun. This is the exciting bit. So now you get your fairy cake. You can't see. You get your fairy cake there. And you basically just want to squeeze to the bag from the top until you go all the way from there. And up. And there we have a little fairy cake. This is Suzy's first proper icing. And it's going marvelously. This is our gone wrong purple colour. But we're going to make it more purple in a bit. Wow! That's like a Mr Whippie. Well you will see her ice cream one. Got a bit carried away then. That's going to be sick of me, too. Wow. But it looks good. So hey. What can I say? Well we're going to finish the red. So now all the fairy cakes are iced and just the final touches is putting these sparkly decorations on. And here we have got. We've got these blue sparkles. I don't know if you can see them so well. But basically they're little sugar flakes and they're coloured and they're probably full of ecolourings but they look very pretty which is why we bought them. We bought Muffie and Smith from, I think it's cakecraft.co.uk. They do fantastic icing little bits. So just take a picture and sprinkle a few on and we'll show you the end results in a minute. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. That meant to happen. Oh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Yeah, you can sprinkle them all around. It's all good. Get all 100 in there. Suzy, are you happy with your result of your fairy cakes now? Absolutely, it's real. Thanks, it's stunning. Especially Mr Wippy in the video. It's good to play with Mr Wippy. Oh wow. They look fantastic. Well done. Thank you. Thank you.