 I need a stranger. I just got the internet. He got it ready? Where am I going? John Westroom? Oh, somebody told me when to rip my notes of the day. I just got the internet. I just got the internet. I just got the internet. I just got the internet. I just got the internet. Yeah, well his pump broke down. Wow. So, I got a stream, maybe 20 or so by the line. So, any calls be back? I got an hour later, he goes, hey, who works on your pumps? When they break down, I said, I do. And I told you guys, I got a swing. The only guy in town who works on swings, I said, probably that is I said he died. He got a monkey too, so. Oh, you're charging down there, and my mic comes in here. Right, down a minute ago, what's up? Hey, good. Hey, good. Hey, good. Hey, good. What does everybody else do about J-Bulks? You came up with that idea with the board. Did they just stick them in there? Well, see, I didn't know how thin this is. The mix was going to be. I want a four foot rebar on there. I was afraid they were going to settle down in there. Well, I was a good idea. Now they're all jacked. You ain't got to worry about it. You know what you got. They know I have a shim or... That's a general idea. Dread, we've thread a bit more. Measure twice, cut once. How do you think they're the guy with a towel and he's setting poles and stuff? We're going to have a bit extra here. You think I guessed you're right at 26.5? I guess too much. I don't know. You're all 12, right? Yeah. Well, that's what appears there. It's 12 feet up the line of line. Well, I used there some concrete website. I used the top of it. I got the way to the lengths of walls. And knocked off maybe a quarter to a half. We keep the front one and the skews up a little bit. That's the dough. Oh, that's bad. I see you. Oh, I can see it. Look at the kids getting very much. You You You The go all right you just feel That thing will always buy for that buy a little. Yeah, I know, I think that's really nice. It's a picture of a cow. Because I might have to bring it down on my belt. It's pretty simple already. You You Okay, now this is hard. Hi, hard. Thank you for helping us today. You're welcome. It was fun. And he has something to show us. He has battle scar, see? Hey, hard is completely metal, man. Hey! Yeah, right. Hi, so, working on the, see the wind is kicked up considerably. So that kind of put it into our aerial shooting with my drone and our helicopters. I think he brought like five of them over. They flew every one of them. But anyhow, they give you a quick go-around on what we had to do to get ready for the contractor to come out here with that pump machine. And one of the things that we had to do is, for example, with the foundation vents. You know, we're using 12-inch block. But to make our vent you just lay an 8-inch block on its side and flush it up to the outside perimeter. Well, that leaves you a big gap right here. And if you try to pour the, pour the grout fill in there, it would just run right out the bottom. But at the same time, you have to leave these holes open so he can fill in this all the way down to the bottom. So it was a bit of a trick, but I came up with an idea that worked really well for him. And the contractor guy was reasonably impressed by it. He said usually they have apprehension when they find out they're coming to a homeowner job like or project like this. Because most of the time they're not ready and they don't realize that you've got to plug all the holes and all that sort of thing. Thankfully, my step-dad did construction. So I learned all the tricks and stuff to avoid the gotchas. So we did all that and we got all our all our pores full now. So it doesn't have to be pretty. The stuff they gave us that they used was actually like the super duper high strength grout. I was expecting it to be just a cement mix with no aggregate or rocks in it. But this is apparently there 4,000 pound concrete mix. And they were able to run through a popsicle. This wall will be here after the second coming is the one guy said. So it won't settle or crack. So we're going to be really happy about that. And then we try to smooth it off as best we can while we're doing it while it's wet. But once it finally dries and sets up, just drag a trowel across the top of it to knock all the high bits off. And then we'll be ready for the silplates down. Which brings up the other bit, the J-bolts for the silt down. And if you recall from my previous posting my video, we extended these J-bolts so they go way down to the bottom of the footer. And I cut these boards here so that when we put these things in, we're able to center them by the way the board sets. So as long as the boards anywhere here lined up with the edges of one of the edges of the block, then the J-bolts is perfectly centered in the block. And the thickness of the board. Okay, with the nut, by setting the nut just where we want it, and by pushing it down to mate with this board, we know that the J-bolts are sticking up far enough or not sticking up too far to where it's just a little bit too slow. Just a little bit of juice in the tray. Just make life a whole lot easier for the down the road. And then of course for our heating and air conditioning, we want to use a geothermal system. So I have to have a way to get my loop lines out of the house. And it's a whole, whole, much better idea to go ahead and set your holes and put PVC pipe through right here. When they're filling the core fill in the block so that you can run your lines through. You see there's six tubes running through the wall. And of course each one's running through the hollow portion of the block. So, we'll draw a hole here, here, and then here, and here, and here, and then you run the PVC pipe through. And you cut your hole just the right size. You stick that PVC pipe through and it fits nice and snug. And when they pour the concrete in it doesn't all run out. So then that's two inch PVC pipe. The geothermal loop lines are going to be one inch. So they'll go right through those tubes real nice and then we'll spray a spray spooge, expanding foam in there. And that'll keep them from rubbing against anything and getting, you know, rubbing a hole in it causing a leak. So we have that. And we'll just take a look around and give the camera back from my master camera person here. And we'll just go along and see how we've got it filled. Oh, I guess I'll make sure one thing because those of you with a sharp aisle pick it up and say something about it. But these little bits right here, there's not sure land significant because this little skinny hole here lands on a one of these, the center web. You should, you should picture of that, a center web of the block below it. So I mean, you can fill it or not, you know, we just rake the extra down in there to fill those up. But you'll see some of those aren't filled up all the way. And that's why. Because they don't really need to be there. They're just in place to spray the excess. They're out of date. They maybe come. And you know, you always hope to cast just little tiny bit of extra, you know, because that's a whole lot better than guessing not enough. And all you need to pour it down in a hole somewhere. And that's all the extra we had. So we were, we calculated it pretty darn close. So now that we have a nice solid foundation, all our peers are done, then we'll get ready to start freeing the year. So anyway, thank you for watching. We're watching this on our journey to building our own home. There's a lot of work, but you know, we also save a lot of money too. I'm not having to pay somebody a bit of a lot for us. Now, we're just doing it there with concrete up. So where's every penny? You know, I mean, we couldn't have rented the concrete pump and done it ourselves for what? You know, these guys charged to come out here and do it. They did a heck of a fine job. They were in and out. You know, they didn't doubt it. They got the job done right. And, you know, of course, it came highly recommended. Anyway, thank you for watching. Feel free to comment. We always want to comment. So, yeah, questions ready? Comment section below. Leave a comment below. I wish you a good job. Thanks again. See you next time.