 Hello, it is Ironhead 41. Today's Sunday, July 12, something like that. Anyway, we do want some cannon. You don't like this. We're cannon some Okre and paints. You don't really want to put Okre and court jars. I mean, who's going to need a court Okre at one time? I don't take about half of this paint. When you get ready for some of it, I put in some soup or bowl, lid or water. What I did was, I was taking the jars, I packed them tight with Okre. Then we put a teaspoon of vinegar, a white vinegar and teaspoon of plain salt. Clean the rim real good, tighten the lid and jar, lid and ring up. Water bath these for about 20 minutes. That's all. Once the water bath starts to boil, turn the heat down, 20 minutes. Turn it off, take these jars out, let it cool a little bit, take the jars out, tighten them up a little more, flip them upside down, leave them till tomorrow. I will, I'll leave them out here outside, about a full side, until tomorrow. In the morning, I'll pick these up, flip them back over, you know, carry more of a storm at. I think this is pint number, what do you say it was? 16, pint number 16. I'm going to put some water in there, and I'm also pickling some Okre, with Hullapengus, like I'm hot. These same way, except these here, I feel these halfway up with vinegar, cause I really want them, so I want them pickled. You can feel them completely up with vinegar and don't put any water in them. But, that's pretty strong there. But I like them half and half a little mild. But Hullapengus really make them hot, water bath these same way, 20 minutes. Water balls, turn the heat down, just easy bowl, 20 minutes, cool them off, take them out, tighten them up, flip them upside down tomorrow, do them all, don't even touch them. Tomorrow I'll put them up. Alright, I think this is pint, about the same thing here, pint number 16 of these. Now, this don't include the Okre that we're doing, cut up, but freeze, freeze was full, so we're going to start. Can. Well, look at this, I think this is 30. Can. It's just gorgeous. Man, what the lot of does? Wash them out. If you got any bad spots on them, throw the whole miter away. I wouldn't even take a chance on using it. If you got a spull of spot or a bug bit of water, throw the whole miter away. Don't even use it. Take this, take the miter, wash them off good. Boil some water, scouting. Watch you, they're forming a sink. They're warden of sink. And then dump the maters in it. You want to scow the skin. Because you want them skin in here. And it might just jargo bad now. Peel the skin off and then cord the miter. Don't chow it before you scow it. Because if you co-ort before you scow it, you'll lose a lot of juice out of that miter. So you want to scan it, scow it, co-ort, pull it up, cut it up into quarters. And just like, just like what I said now, shall pack these jars for the maters. And then you should have enough juice in your big bowl or your dish pan or whatever you use to fill these the rest way up with the natural juice. Ain't no water in here. No water, that's all miter. It's all miter juice. It's all made turs. And teaspoon of plain salt. No, not diced, plain salt. Except these all water bath these for about 50 minutes. That's how long it takes. But you want to water bath them real easy. Once the water starts boiling, turn it down, turn it way down. You just want the water just to barely boil. Because if it boils too hot, I'll tell you what, it'll, it'll die going to miss your leaves up. The inside of the bowl is fast, and it can't kill the oxygen. It's inside all you want to do is kill the oxygen. Ain't that just something? Ain't that just neat? Well, that's it for our head. We'll do some more videos when we get, get some more cannon going. Did, we shared a bunch of peas, or a butter, a speck of butter beans yesterday, planting four rows, 20 foot long, you see all seen in some other videos. It's good. And, uh, I think I planted about, not quite a half a pound of seed, which cost about a dollar. And, uh, we got about, probably six, eight pound of, uh, speck of butter beans. That's pretty good. Invest six, eight pounds at the grocery store, cost fifteen dollars. I probably got maybe two dollars invested in the fertilizer that was in it. Plus my time. And, plus, you know, it's organic. You know, die of gun. You can't beat that. No pesticides, no actives, no preservatives. None of that stuff. Uh, I did plant seven more rows today, 20 foot long, probably get about 12 more pounds sometime mid September, late September. All right, would I see it for our head? Uh, you know, you don't have a, uh, wonderful weekend once left, other than hypercand.