 Greetings Gastronauts, this is Keith Cooks, I'm Keith and today I'm going to do a very very traditional British dessert, bread and butter pudding. So this is actually a sensational thing, it's very cheap and it's a great way to use up leftover bread, stale bread. And the reason I'm doing it, it's a dedication for Karris who has been married to Craig Jessup for just over a year and quite happily apparently. And bread and butter pudding is one of her favourite things. And the reason that I'm doing that is if you've been following my videos and you know why not if you haven't, you'll be aware that a few videos ago I had a disaster with my microphone. Whereby the end of the audio jack that plugs into the camera detached itself from the audio jack and was stuck in the socket of the camera. So I managed to get it out and here it is. So also shout outs to a few people who suggested the method for doing that, that's Mr. Kraska and Dean Sweatman. And the method is you get something like a skewer, wooden skewer with a nice square end, just dip it in glue, I use guerrilla glue, stick it in, let it dry overnight and then yank it out. And it worked for the first time, brilliant. So thanks to Craig for fixing a new jack on my old mic in the meantime I got another one. So now I've got two of these little babies so hopefully you know a backup is always good and these always break. So yeah, anyway I digress. Bread and butter pudding, delicious, let's do it. Okay, ingredients for bread and butter pudding, bread, butter, some of that stuff to make custard with really. So I've got eight slices of bread, I've got 75 grams of butter, three eggs, 200 ml of milk, 100 ml of heavy cream, double cream, three tablespoons of demorayor sugar, 60 grams of sultanas, sprinkling of nutmeg and a splash of vanilla essence. So the bread, any kind of bread you like really but you know traditional tasteless white bread is pretty much perfect. Sugar, any kind of sugar but I like the kind of richness of demorayor and the fruit, currents, raisins, sultanas or a mix, whatever. Okay, let's do it. So first things to do is deal with the bread. I said 75 grams of butter, the actual concierge need is just enough, meaning just enough to butter each slice of bread on one side and also to butter the dish that you're going to make the pudding in. So there we have a large pile of butter, the stale bread, yum. Now we need to arrange one layer of the bread in the dish, in the bottom of the dish and just try and overlap each slice and then just sprinkle on about half of the sultanas and just a sprinkle of nutmeg and then another layer of bread and butter. Oh, I can smell the nutmeg. Oh, oooh, oooh, no. Okay, that's the second layer and just pop the rest of the sultanas on. Not like that, spread them out. And more nutmeg and then just the last few bits of bread and butter. You don't necessarily want to overlap these, they'll just kind of be more of a feature on the top. Right, now we need to heat together the milk and the cream. And you want those quite hot but not boiling, absolutely don't let them boil. While that's happening, we'll mix together the eggs and the sugar. And the sugar. Okay, that's hot but not boiling. So we'll pop that over the eggs and sugar and give it a good whisk. Add some vanilla essence and then just carefully pour it over the bread and butter. Try and get it everywhere fabulous. And you might want to just press it down somewhat. Just get rid of any spaces in there and just make sure that your bread is getting well soaked in custard. Now, you can leave that for about 10 minutes or so while the oven is preheating, you want it to be 160 degrees Celsius if it's a fan oven, convection oven or 180 if it isn't. Nom, nom, nom, can't wait for this. Thank you, I forgot. Just sprinkle a little bit more of your sugar on the top before you put it in the oven because that will turn nice and golden brown and a little bit crunchy. And that goes in the oven for 40 minutes. Okay, time's up. This is looking... oh, spectacular. Oh my goodness. Oh, just amazing. Look at that. It will probably sink but yeah, I declare myself impressed. Okay, I told you it'd sink. Oh, this is Mrs. Keefcoach! Yay! That made it red sandwich. This looks lovely. I know it's turned out to be you guys can see it. I want to see it lovely. I want that lovely. Oh, those childhood things. Oh yeah. I should have cooked across stuff though. Squidgy and crispy. Nice, crispy and crispy. Wow. Oh that's nice. It's not too sweet. Like me. When my mum used to make it, it used to be wetter than this. I think I prefer this. There you go. Good pudding. Do you like it? Yeah, that's fine. Okay, red and butter pudding. There you go. Mmm. That's really good though. Oh, stop it. And that's that. I hope you enjoyed it. Now please do the usual. Like, share, comments, subscriptions, donations, patronage, all that good stuff. Or just some of it. Thank you for watching and see you next time.