 Okay, so today we're going to learn how to clean a flute. First you're going to need a dollar or some minus paper is something that's similar to a dollar. You're going to need a cleaning cloth which can just be ripped off piece of shirt and a polishing cloth. So minus weight, some of them are just regular polishing cloth so you get what jewelry you need, your cleaning rod usually comes with your flute and you need a flute. So first what we're going to do is if you have any excess accessories on your flute just go ahead and take them off. You're going to take your foot joint off, your head joint and then you have your body. So first that you're going to do is take your clean cloth and thread it through your cleaning wand. And you want to fold it around the top of it so that there's no wood sticking out on the top. So first that you're going to need to take the body of your flute, you can put it on either side of this matter and just sort of twist it. I should all the way through and just take it out and make sure that there's nothing inside of the flute, no residue or condensation. Then you're going to take your head joint and do the same thing and this is when it's important to make sure that the cloth is covered over the top of it because you don't want to hit the top of your flute with it. Just clean it out, just around a couple of times. Make sure it's clean. And then your foot joint which really doesn't get very dirty to be good with. You don't have to push it all the way through since it's so short. Once you're done with that, put it all to the side. So something you might notice whenever you're playing a lot is you hear like a sticky sound in your keys. So that's what the dollar is for. You can just take it and slide it under your keys and press down and then just sort of pull the paper out and then you won't be able to hear any more of that sticky noise. Make sure your foot joint also. Okay. Once you've done that, you can take your polishing cloth and just open it up and you want to make sure you get all of the finger prints off. You don't want oil just sitting on your flute. Make sure you clean the inside, this hole in turning your mouthpiece because that can get gross. Clean the body of the flute. You want to get as far into the keys as you can. Try to get as much of that dust and oil out of there. But obviously you can't get it all. That's why you should probably go get your flute cleaned like annually, professionally. Next, your foot joint. Make sure it's all clean. You're going to go do performance. You don't want people to see your finger prints all over your instrument. Once you do that, you just put it all in. Put it back together. Everything should slide in nice and smooth. It's all clean. And there you go. That's how you clean your flute. Now you have a beautiful flute to go perform with. Thank you.