 Hi everybody, it's Mickey from my Vashville Life and in this video I am going to show you what has been cooking in my kitchen all week. I have creamy chicken and rice soup cooking in the crock pot. I found this recipe on Pinterest and it is really so so good. Check the information section down below for the full recipe and the link from Pinterest. So while I get this, I'll plate it up. Here's what I had for dinner this week. For dinner Monday I have my own version of the Blue Plate special. It's our meatloaf, mashed potatoes and peas and carrots. Tuesday night we have our very cute chicken sandwiches from the crock pot, salad and corn. For dinner Wednesday we are having another one of our favorite crock pot meals. This is a recipe that I got from Kimmy from She's in her apron. It's called Pesto Ranch Chicken. We're having it over or so with some mixed vegetables. And if you're interested I will try to remember to link that recipe of Kimmy's down below for you. Thursday night dinner is Crescent Chicken, Peas and mashed potatoes. And for Friday night's dinner is creamy, chicken and rice soup. This soup is really so good. It's full of vegetables and it is perfect for a rainy night like we're having here today. If you would want videos for any of the meals featured in today's video, please leave me a comment down below and I would be happy to put one together for you. So that's what I've been making in my kitchen this week. Any of the links or the recipes that I have mentioned, I will put in the information bar down below. If you have enjoyed this video, please give it a thumbs up and leave me a comment. I love watching meal planning videos. I like to see grocery haul and what everybody's making for their families for dinner. So if you would like those things too, I can put another video together in a couple weeks so you can see what has been cooking in my kitchen. So thanks so much for watching today and I hope you will remember to subscribe because there will be more videos coming your way more soon. Until I see you in that next video, I hope that you love the life that you have and I will see you again soon. Bye!