 Good morning, Chef Ivan Flowers from Beautiful, Beautiful, Sunny San Diego this morning. We are doing a Mazatlán prawn and fresh Alaskan crab fondu. Fando, fondujo as they would say in Brooklyn. Fando you, I'm not making any fondu. You know how, it's too, it's difficult. Melting cheese, it's got a hold. Then what do I do? I'm going to show you a trick. I'm very excited about this dish. I woke up very excited this morning. This is simple. Here we go. Take the pan. Get the pan hot. I'm going to go in with Chardonnay. Probably about half a cup. Now I'm going to go in with the juice of a lemon. Into that Chardonnay. And then I'm going in with garlic puree, a little bit of garlic clove done with olive oil. Probably about half a tablespoon. And I'm going to let that start to go. Here is the secret. I've been cooking for 25 years. I learned this from my wife. I must admit, so I have to give her credit. The bowl, the cheese. I'm using sharp English cheddar. That a cup. That's coming to a boil. Here is the secret, the magical white powder. Corn starch. I'm just going to go in with a little sprinkle. And it's going to just dust that cheese. You're just going to dust it very lightly. Now I'm going in. Rubber spatula. You can see, as the cheese is starting to melt, the corn starch is starting to work that cheese and let it come down at a very, very smooth level. You just keep working it. Turn my heat down a little bit. At this point, I like a little salt and pepper. Now, you can put a lot of other things into this. Roasted chilies. Cumin, cayenne, anything you want. We're just talking about the base here. So again, I'm going to work it. I'm going to hit it with just a little more wine. So I can get the viscosity that I want. And it's just starting to come alive. That sharp cheddar. And what you've got happening is you've got with the lemon juice and the garlic and the corn starch, there's a little bit of a reaction going on. So this actually stays stabilized. So if you want to put it in a fondue pot, with a little pot with a candle, you see how smooth and beautiful we're getting. There we are. At the fondue stage. Just perfect. What's better than melted cheese? So there you have it. You've got mazzanlone prawns, or you can buy shrimp, fresh alaskin king crab, done with a nice, sharp New England cheddar fondue. Simple, simple. Go out, do it tonight.