 Hi friends and precious and you're welcome to my kitchen. In this episode I'll be showing you guys how to make baneers to flee. This is one of my favorite things to eat from the bakeries in Cameroon. It tastes like cake on the inside, slightly crunchy on the outside, so so delicious. Let me show you the ingredients we need and then we can start cooking. You need 500 grams of flour, 4 cups of flour or 500 grams of flour, 1 cup of whole milk that's equal to about 240 milliliters of whole milk, then half a cup of oil, 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon of baking powder, half a teaspoon of ground nutmeg, half a cup of granulated sugar, a pinch of salt and 4 eggs. So to start off we are going to heat up some oil because this goes really fast. So we want our oil to be hot and ready. Come on now. So I'm going to heat this up on high heat for about 8 minutes. Then before we start frying we are going to turn it down to medium. Okay guys, salt to our bowl we are going to add in all of that oil. Shake shake shake so you get everything out. Then the sugar and I don't put a lot of sugar in my beanings so it's just because I don't have so much of a sweet tooth but if you want it really sweet feel free to use up to 3 quarters of a cup or 1 cup of sugar, it really depends on you. Let's just give this a nice little whisk here to make sure it's incorporated. And to this we are going to add in our eggs. That's a lot of eggs. Then vanilla extract. And we are going to give that a nice whisk. Add in the milk. I almost forgot about the milk. So. Give that gently, gently precious, gently. Now whisk everything together. Basically you are just mixing the wet ingredients and you are adding the dry ingredients. This thing is so easy to make. You could make this if you have guests in your living room and you want to serve them with something really quick. Just going to your kitchen and make them so easy. So easy. Ready in on that 30 minutes. And now we have our wet ingredients mixed together. I am just going to retire my whisk here. Then going to add in our flour. For a baking powder. A nice pinch of salt. Our ground nutmeg. Then I am going to use a wooden spoon. She just slightly combine everything to form our butter. So our dough is butter rather. It's perfect. Nice and combined. So you are just going to let this rest here and wait for the oil to heat up. Then we can fry. Oil has heated up. So I am going to turn down that heat to medium. Then we can fry. So easy. I am going to be using my hands to drop the butter into the oil. But if you are not comfortable with using your hands, you could use a tablespoon rather the tablespoon used in measuring. You could use that or you could even use a small ice cream scoop or a cookie scoop. And then you drop that into the oil. So let me show you guys how to do it with your hands. Just grab some of that butter. It's fairly thick so quite easy to grab. Then I am going to turn my hands like so. Then I am just going to try to make a little bowl with that. Drop that into the oil. Your oil shouldn't be too hot because if it is too hot it is going to get brown on the outside without getting cooked on the inside. Now let's mix some more. Now these are going to cook for about 4 minutes on one side and I will flip to the other side and cook for about 3 minutes. So about 7 minutes in all, let them take their time in that oil because if they don't stay long enough in the oil, they are not going to cook. Cook probably on the inside. So 7 minutes is a good range of time for them to stay in the oil. Just let them stay in there for about 7 minutes. Veneer soufflé is almost ready. Can you see how much they have grown? They tend to grow in the oil because of that baking powder. Remember to get good veneer soufflé has to be cooked nice and slow. The oil shouldn't be too hot. She just takes a time and cooks from the inside out in that oil. Oh my goodness. If you've ever had veneer soufflé in Cameroon, when you look at this, you know that I mean this is veneer soufflé. So I'm just going to take these babies out, starting with those ones that are much darker than the others. Please them on paper towel to absorb the excess oil. Now we are going to put in the next just by dropping them with my hands. Just lightly with my hand. Then we're going to grab some of that butter. We're going to drop that into the oil. Now that's all done. Let's take them out. All done. This is looking so so good. And it happened in less than 30 minutes. This is like magic you guys. I kind of went to going, I already tasted one confession time but I'm going to going with one from the first batch that I fried. I just want to show you guys what it looks like on the inside so you can see that perfect look at that. That is perfection right there. Probably cooked on the inside. Now let's give this a taste. What can I think? Well I need right now is a glass of orange juice. This is so good. It tastes like plain cake on the inside. That's so much better you guys. So easy to make. So definitely get the ingredients and go make some. So so so good. I hope you guys enjoyed spending time with me. For the full, be sure to go to my blog, preciouscau.com. If you liked the video give me a thumbs up. Also subscribe to my YouTube channel if you've not done so already. That way you don't miss any of my videos. Thank you guys so much for watching and I'll see you in the next video. Bye bye.