 the light on the litusma plus deloni espresso machine it's suggesting that I run a D scale so I'll I'll do that shortly. Alright so if you've had a deloni litusma plus machine for a while you probably would see this light here and that's not saying that there's anything wrong with the machine it's broken or anything like that all it needs is a simple D scale so if you hop on the Nespresso website or if you go into the Nespresso store you could buy one of these D scaling kits. Alright so basically what it is it gets rid of the lime and the calcium buildup that goes inside all your machine and makes you coffee taste a little bit funny I haven't really noticed a bit of a difference in the taste or anything like that but it's telling me I need a D scale it so we'll go ahead and D scale it. So any one of these I've already used one of them before and this kit you get two satchels so you can do the D scaling class and the instructions now the instructions and for the litusma plus machine here therefore the litusma premium and the litusma. Alright so there's some slightly different instructions on how to do this but basically what you want to do is um in front of the machine here you'll see a little opening and you'll pull this little part out. Alright and it goes here where your milk container, your rapid phomer or whatever it's called usually goes so we're going to do we're going to pull that out, kind of click him in and you'll watch the buttons they'll change so now it knows that it's going to be in a cleaning mode. Alright so I've got a Chinese container here that's one of the larger size ones because basically what you need to do is fill up your water reservoir here and add the contents of this satchel. Now it's like a uh it's an acid it's a lactic acid um so it's not the same as like your CLR cleaner which is uh I think that's a sulfamic acid um so it's best to just use what they say to use. I mean it's not an expensive kit I think all up it's about 10 or 12 Australian dollars for a um for a two-pack kit so as I said you can do it twice. Alright so I'm going to go ahead and add the satchel with the water I'll have to put the camera down for a minute. Alright so that's the contents of one packet in there and what you want to do is fill it up to the maximum level of on the um on the container there and uh and add it to the machine. So we've got our solution mixed in the container there and the water reservoir and now as a book if you've got a different machine it has you know pushed these two buttons wait for them to flash do this do that blah blah as you can see as soon as I put that connection in it has that that button flashing there which is your um your uh cappuccino button uh make sure there's no point in it night with the button. So what it's going to do is alternate between out of here and then out of here and it's going to repeat that process over and over again sort of flashing it one way, flashing it another way until that reservoir is empty. So this process can take about 10 minutes and so um so don't be in a rush to do just let it do its thing. Alright we'll come back later. Alright what I didn't show you there guys was um it went through and left about that much in there that light started flashing orange again so I pressed that and it began to come out there as you just saw quite rapidly. So it drains the rest of it out of that and shuts off automatically. Alright so what you want to do now tip that down your sink probably give the sink a good clean out too. I'd give this a good rinse out with um you know running water give it a good good good rinse out and repeat the same process just with fresh water in there let it run through your whole system and um I mean just to be on the safe side I mean you don't really want to be drinking that acid too much um I'd probably just run it through just as you would normally run a coffee but with no pot in there and just push a couple of lungs or shorts just to run some more fresh water through it but um other than that it's um it's almost done so we'll go ahead and wash those out fill it up with water and carry on. Okay so the last step is um clean him out as we've just done fresh water in there put that back in it'll reset back to the um the descaling mode and push a and it's going to do this whole process again but with fresh water. All right so after that's finished we're um basically good to go enjoy.