 So this is how I super clean my tires after being on the trail. What you're gonna need is bucket of water, a couple of towels you can throw away. I've got some degreaser, which is what's in this spray bottle, that's what I prefer to use, and a heavy-duty brush. And you can make your wheels go from this to this. So I don't bother rinsing it down or anything. I just go straight in with the degreaser. I spray that on there, and I'm just gonna let it sit for about five to ten minutes. Let it soak in, do its work, and then we'll screw it down. You don't need to be shy with this, just gonna get in there and it's gonna do its thing. And you can already see on the ground, it's already doing this. Do what it's supposed to be doing. So now five minutes are up, I'm gonna give it another square, and then we're gonna do a heavy-duty brush. And heavy-duty gonna wash your car, it's always good practice to do your wheels first. Just because when you're scrubbing like this, the flexor water that get in everywhere, go all over, and they'll get back on the bodywork, and you don't want to wipe it off or wash it twice. Now, I'm just giving these a rub because I'm here. I don't really care that the ring is a dirty. I just blotchy it, so I'm gonna get new wheels soon anyway. Like I said, one of my previous videos, which I'll link up above, I really want to get those Toyota bead-lock wheels. Eventually, I think they look so good. Come in below if you think I should get those. Alright, there it is. Look at these are in soft now. I'm gonna get the hose down. And then what I like to do, my last final step, is just take a bucket of clean water, nothing in it whatsoever, just a clean water. And I get in the grooves when there's no soap on there, and I'll go north to south, in all the grooves on the side wall, and I'll also go east to west, just so I'm making sure I'm getting in there and getting everything off, because I want these tires to look good. So now, I'll take my cloth that I don't really care about. Like I said, these are good dry off. And I never, ever use a dress in, because the dress in just gets caked up in mud. The mud just sometimes just seems to love the mud seems to love the dress in. It just sticks to it. But there you have it. That's how I super clean my wheels. You guys can see how good you the water gets. Let me look at that. That's just black. Let's discuss it. There you have it guys. That's exactly how I clean the wheels. And not to mislead anyone here, I did do mine twice. So there's the finished result. Like you see my plastic did coming off. A little top tip, if you're interested, is if you're ever going to use your truck to go off road, don't bother plastic dipping your wheels. It just comes off straight away. I mean, I drive this thing pretty hard, so it's a waste of time. If you like today's video, give it a thumbs up. You can click up here to subscribe. Over here to catch up on our latest videos. I love you. Catch you on the next one. If you like this video, please feel free to subscribe. You can click here. And you can catch our latest videos here.