 Hi guys, and I've talked an awful lot about Mulberry Alexa and therefore I promise I think this is going to be the last one for now. At least on this side, I do have a little one, a mini Alexa which I might do with you on at some point. But there's one more thing I wanted to talk about and that's really because I've been asked to talk about it. And that's not about what's in the bag. It's more about the outside of the bag and it's about the straps. Now most people buy the Alexa and I certainly did because it comes with a nice long strap. It's a nice, such a shape and therefore you can wear it cross-body. And that works really well. However, you might also like the versatility that I'm about to show you. And it's two really simple things that help you transform the bag into a totally different one, not totally different. You'll see what I mean. Or maybe you know these already. Anyway, so the first one is we can make a backpack out of that. All we need to do really is we don't have to do that. We just unbuckle it up on it, feed it through the top handle, loop it around one more time and then we'll just pull until we're about the same amount on each side and put it back on that. So we've got two loops which now, we wish I could do this elegantly, allows us to wear a lexie. There's a little backpack. There you go. I don't know. Well you can see that very well. And as I never watched my videos back, if you don't, I will really not know unless you tell me. So you better tell me. So anyway, little backpack, a lexie, which is quite nice. Maybe a festival type, so you know whatever. The other thing is we'll undo this quickly and reverse. If you would like to shorten the strap so that you can essentially wear the lexie look across body in a normal shoulder bag because if you do it like this, this is on the shortest, it hangs rather low. So if you want to have it higher up as a shoulder bag without putting in loads of extra holes, there's a neat little trick you can do. And that basically goes like this. You can do that buckle. Straighten this out. You then pull this bit like so. And the end bit, you feed through that bottom buckle. There we go. Pull it back off. And now we've got the strap basically in three layers here. And then the left of a bit here, you're feeding through there. You just go to the first hole. Pop the prong, I think it's called through. And then you can pop the end bit underneath that little loop. And then when you pull, you'll do all the nice, quite flat. And you've got a nice, neat little shoulder bag. So maybe that's quite handy if you take the lexie and you go somewhere where you have pickpockets or whatever, you would like to have it closer to your body. So yeah, nice little trick for versatility of the lexie. And as I said, unless you say now, oh gosh, we haven't seen this about this fantastic mulberry bag yet. I'm going to stop talking about the regular size elixir now. So thanks for watching. Let me know what you think. Bye bye.