 Hi Tom, thanks for coming out here today. Well thanks for having me. I like your house. It's very nice. Thanks. We've been here for about two years. We renovated the entire first floor. Painting the walls, put in new hardwood. Walls look great and I love the floors. Thanks. And part of it was we renovated the entire kitchen. Wow. So the old kitchen layout was there was a door right here to the back. Y'all. And we filled it in with these two windows. That's great because it gives you more countertop space and cabinet space. And then my dad and I actually hung the cabinets. Oh that's great. But we're having some trouble with how to finish it and how to fasten crown molding to the top of this cabinet. All right. Well I think we can solve that problem. Do you have the crown mold? Yes I do. All right. So why don't we get some tools and we can get the crown molding in. That's great. All right Brian, here's a sample of what your cabinets are right here. And these are actually called full overlay doors. All right. When I open the door you can see that the opening and the door is away from the opening. But it also gives you a little reveal on the top and on the sides. Okay. So the problem with this is that little reveal at the top doesn't give us enough to take and nail our crown molding to. There's not enough meat there. All right. And it also puts the crown molding deep in behind the door. I like to be out proud with the door like that. So to solve that problem I've taken a piece of five quarter material and I cut a little rabbit in it right there. So when I place it on top of the cabinet like this I now have the filler sitting flush with the edge of the door and I've also created a small space above the door. Now when I take the crown molding and I put it on the filler keeping it even on the bottom that puts the crown molding right where I like it to be. All right. And we're going to do the same thing on the side but the difference with the side is we don't want the overhang so we're going to mount it this way and it'll be flush with the side. Oh okay. All right. So now we'll just measure our cabinets and cut our pieces. I'll start by making my rabbit cuts for the front filler pieces. We'll paint the exposed sections of the filler with spray paint. Then I can cut the side filler pieces and mount everything to the cabinet. This gel glue will let me hold everything in place until the wood glue dries and gives it a permanent bond. Right now we're ready to start installing the crown mold. Okay. First thing I've done is I've cut three pieces for this cabinet and I've cut them a little bit long. So I'm going to take the one that's for the side and I'm going to hold it against the cabinet the way it goes. Push it tight to the wall. I want to make sure I hold it relatively square with the cabinet. So now with the molding into position I'm going to take my pencil and I'm going to hold it flat or tight so the point is tight to the face and mark the back of the crown molding like that. I take it down and I'm going to mark right even with my mark that I placed here when I come up and I'm going to go this way because that's the way I want my martyr to go. All right. I'll do the same thing on that side. Now the challenging part when cutting the crown molding is the orientation on how you hold it to the saw and holding it to the saw safely. First of all let's look at the crown molding how it goes up. That goes this way. Tight to the ceiling, tight to the wall. Actually these two are 90 degrees to one another. Let me show you with my frame and square. So if I hold it against the ceiling and against the wall when they come together that's 90 degrees. All right. So now if I hold it against the table like that I could cut it but that's dangerous because I can't really hold it firmly. I won't get an accurate cut if it's not held at that right angle. So what I'm going to do is take this frame and square the ceiling and the wall and I'm going to flip it upside down. So here's the wall and here's the ceiling. When I take my crown molding and flip that over and push it against the saw so it's tight to the wall and tight to the ceiling now I can hold it firmly when making my cut and the cut will be really accurate. Now to make sure that I hold the crown molding in that correct orientation every time. I'm going to glue two blocks one on each side of the saw blade. All right. So now I'm going to make my cut on this piece right here and that's the mark that I made on the back and this will be the short of the miter because I have it going in that direction. So I'm going to place it in the saw against the blocks against the fence in the back and I'm going to turn my saw out of 45 degrees and I'm going to position this mark to the edge of my blade but I'm going to cut it a little bit long to make sure that I'm right in the back. Bring it down, slide it over just a little bit, hold it tight to the saw and make a cut. All right. So now I have to slide it to my left just a little bit. Hold it firm, make a cut. All right. Right on the mark. Perfect. So now let me show you what we have with our sample cabinet right here. If I take the mold and I put it on the end like it will go, that's a 45 degree. This makes up 90. Now we have to do the sister cut on a front piece that we've cut long also. So that's going to go like that and I know that the angle is going to be opposite. So I now turn my saw 90 degrees to the other 45 and lock it down and make a cut. And now we have the sister cut for our side piece. Go together just like that. Oh, it looks amazing. All right. So now what I want to do is nail this together, take it inside and mark our lip. All right. All right. Now this is the last two pieces of chrome mold and this is going to go up over this cabinet and return here is going to have what is called an inside miter. All right. And this is what I've made up. I've made up this piece that's going to go up here. And first of all, on this end right here, that's going to terminate at that wall, which means the chrome mold is not going to come out. It's going to stop right there. So we're going to do a straight 90 degree cut. Okay. On this end right here, the chrome mold is going to come down and come out. So what we have to do is an inside miter. We have to turn the saw so we cut the miter into itself at 45 degrees. On the short piece, it's going to come out and we're going to turn the saw in on itself at 45 degrees, which now gives us a 90 degree inside corner. Oh, okay. All right. And then we just have the outside corner that's going to meet up with that. Now this piece is cut the exact length from wall to wall. We're just going to slide it up and nail it into position. The final step is to cock around the top where the chrome moldy meets the ceiling and fill all the nail holes. All right, Brian, the chrome molding is all up and it's complete. What do you think? It looks amazing. Thank you so much. My pleasure. I'm glad I could help. Thanks for watching. This old house has got a video for just about every home improvement project. So be sure to check out the others. And if you'd like me to see, click on the subscribe button. Make sure that you get our newest videos writing your feed.