 Hey guys, so welcome back to my channel. So for today's video, I'm going to be making pudding slime. The things you will need are one fourth cup of pudding. So this is instant pudding mix. I have vanilla and chocolate because I'm going to be making both because equality. You're also going to need one cup of corn starch and a third cup of warm water and that's literally all you need. So I have my water here and I have my corn starch and I have my instant pudding mix and I have my bowls, my measuring cups and my students. Let's do it. So this slime is actually the first slime I've made that's actually edible and I don't know how good it's going to be. This is my first try making it. So let's just hope for the best. I will try it after but well you're going to have to wait and see until the end of video to find out how good it tastes. Okay guys, so I'm going to be starting with the vanilla one. I feel like that would be nice. Let's do it. Okay, so I'm just going to take the set of the bag and you're going to be needing one fourth of the cup of the instant pudding mix. Oh, this one smells like cake batter. Okay guys, so I'm just going to be pouring this in. This is a one fourth of a cup. So we're just going to be putting that into the bowl and then you're going to be needing one cup of corn starch. Keep in mind guys that you're not going to be using the entire cup of corn starch at once. You're going to be kind of pouring it in a little bit at a time. So we're just going to pour a little bit in now. Then the final ingredient is just warm water. So I have one third of cup in here and we're going to pour that in. So now we're just going to be mixing these ingredients together. So now that it's like a chunky consistency, we're going to be adding some more corn starch and then mixing that in. And so this is the same from the one we'll cut before. We're just adding it in small things at a time. Okay, so at first it's going to look really dry but it's not so don't give up. Keep doing it because on this channel we never give up on our dreams. So we're going to be adding the rest of the corn starch in here and then mixing it together and then once it's like kind of forming one, we're going to be mixing it with our hands. So now I'm just going to be picking it up and mixing it, smushing it with my hands. And you're just going to have to knead it for as long as you need. I heard that it generally takes about two to three minutes so that's what we're going to do and I will let you guys know. A few moments later. All right guys, so I made the vanilla one and the chocolate one. The chocolate one is definitely more wet. If that makes sense, this one feels more like Play-Doh. I made them the same way so I don't really know. Maybe it's like the flavor difference, like the difference in the chemicals and the flavor. I don't really know. I'm not a scientist but I know that these honestly feel really cool and this is DIY that I didn't 100% fail at. So thank you. So I'm going to roll this out and see the art I can make with it. Fun. Okay, so I'm making this very long because I'm going to be making the poop emoji but this doesn't really look like an emoji right now so I'm just going to try my best. Okay guys, so I tried to make a poop emoji but this does not look like the emoji at all. This is kind of this kind of looks like what my dog Malibu loved in the backyard. That's all I have to say. Anyway, let's make an ice cream cone now. Okay guys, so the next thing I'm going to be making is a pudding slime ice cream cone. So I have a cone right here and I'm trying to use self-control and not eat the home. I've rolled the chocolate one and the vanilla one out and now I'm just going to be twisting them together. So it's swirl ice cream and then I'm going to be putting it on my cone. So now I've put some in and then I'm going to make the top swirly thing so it's going to look really cool. Okay guys, so this is my slime pudding slime ice cream. Honestly, this looks really good. I'm not going to lie. Now I really want ice cream. It's kind of going sideways. But we can fix that. Fine. I'm actually proud of this way. Okay. Okay, so I ripped this little piece from the back and I'm just going to take a taste test. I put the two together but it's pudding, so it should be fine. It tastes like dough really with just a weird consistency. I think the main reason that this is made edible is because if you have like a young child making this and they eat it on accident, then it's fine. It doesn't taste good but if someone happens to eat it on accident, then it's totally fine. Yeah. So this is an ice cream. What's up? Anyway guys, thank you so much for watching. Make sure to give this video a big thumbs up and comment down below if you like chocolate or vanilla or whatever flavor of ice cream is your favorite. And I will see you guys in my next video. Bye!