 What's up everyone? Be man here. Gonna make another batch of homemade wine. I'm just gonna do a small container this time. I just got this at the store and washed it out. Just a clear plastic container. I'll go ahead and fashion some kind of pressure device to this at the top. Whether it be a rubber cloth or whatever. And then just got some plums here. I'm gonna slice them off on the peel oranges. Got that. Folders can for sugar. And I don't know exactly how much is in there because sugar weighs more than coffee. And fast rising bread yeast. Seemed to work last time. What I had was it was really thick and kind of a and sediment. So I did there was a lot of filtering done. But I think I just used too much last time. So I'll cut it down this time. And it was well over 15% alcohol content. What I've got here is plums and oranges that I. Just I didn't peel the plums, but I did peel the oranges. And I kind of diced them up in the pores. And put them in a big good sized container, you know what I mean. And I'm just gonna mash them down with a potato masher. And then just like that. And then just like that. And then just like that. And then just like that. And then just like that. And then just like that. And then just like that. And then just like that. And that's probably pretty good. You ain't got to have it perfect. So long as you get some of the juices falling from all of it. I imagine by the time they're in the piss it'll be pretty strong since it's a small container. I just want to create the example of how to do it in a video. That's pretty much what I've got now. Now what I've got here is this coffee can. This is my other ingredient, my yeast. But there's a trick when you're going to add this yeast, which you're going to want to get. I'm just using great yeast. And I know there's a lot better yeast out there that you can use. Like, the other yeast and all that. But this is what I found at the store. It's just an experiment. And what you're going to want to do is boil it, about a cup or two of water on the stove, and then add it to your mixture at the very end. And then go ahead and cap everything off. But I don't know how much sugar I've got here. I've got enough to do what I'm doing out there. And that's pretty much one cup is a pound of sugar. So there's one. There's two. Pretty much this three pounds of sugar. So that'll work. What I got here is my hot water. We just came off the stove from boiling. And also half a tablespoon of yeast that I activated on the stove. So we go ahead and add in my water. I had my yeast. Like I said, it was just half a tablespoon out of a package of yeast. I only use that much because of. And I ain't even going to use all that. I'm going to leave a little. And I'm going to top it off with some more water. I'll leave a little bit of room for pressure. I don't need to mix this up. So I got this. I'm going to share everything is nice and even. You got to want to liquefied it. Right now. I'm going to smell it. Smells pretty good. Almost like a cider right now. This is finished product as far as the kick goes. What you see in the bottom is rice. I actually added rice for starches. I did some fish tank tubing surgical tubing attached to rubber gloves with just electrical tape. I tied it in an out around the house too. Whenever this starts producing pressure, it's going to fill this glove up. I'll pinch the top and poke a hole in it. Keep the glove constantly inflated while releasing enough pressure. If not, then I'll just put it into another glass of water. So no air can go back. That's the main goal. Do not let air get in here once you've got everything firmening. I went ahead and taped the top shut as well. This is all super glued. It's not just electrical tape. There's a really tight seal on there. I made sure before I attached everything. It should be done in about a week. Maybe four days longer than that. I don't know. That's how long my last batch go was a week. It came out strong. We'll see what happens this time. Updates you when I'm going to filter it. And I'll make a video of that too.