 So the hoodie for the longest time was always established as the un-stylish piece of clothing that guys just throw on when they're feeling lazy and they just want an easy everyday look. But over the last, the course of the last couple years the hoodie has become now a stylish essential that should be in every man's closet. What most don't know is that it can be dressed across various styles to suit different scenarios and that's what we're going to be talking about in today's video. So before we get into it, I do want to thank our sponsor for today's video which is Original Grain. Original Grain has to be some of the most unique watches out in the market, mixing metals and wood together to fuse what I think is pure perfection. Personally, I love every time we're in Original Grain watch and how it just diversifies my outfit overall because it's a piece that most guys probably aren't wearing. It's also a great diversification piece across my watch collection because how many watches do you all actually have some wood in it. Now my personal favorite are the minimalist which I've talked about before and it's because it looks like a regular watch but it has that very thin wooden bezel that no other watch has that is completely unique to your watch. Every single wood bezel is unique because wood in and of itself is unique so not one original grain watch is going to be like the other. So I'm going to have them linked down below so you guys can check them out with the discount code that they gave just for you guys because you are a viewer they also have a chronograph series which is really nice it's a little bit bigger a little bit more gaudy but if that's what you're into definitely check those out as well. The first one is with a jean jacket. Now you can keep your overall look nice and relaxed and kind of laid back by pairing your hoodie with a light color denim jacket. Now when you're going for this approach you want the denim to be the center focus of your overall outfit whether it be the denim jacket or the jeans that you're wearing and instead use the hoodie as a compliment source whether it be for coloring or the overall style for the look you're going for so you can go anything from a bright colored hoodie if it's spring season or something more dark or muted or neutral like an olive or a beige. Either way pairing it under a denim jacket has to be the easiest way to style a hoodie and a casual scenario. The number two is probably the most modern and mainstream way to do it it's probably the coolest way to do it and it's to layer it under a bomber jacket. Now this could be a little bit tricky because the neck area of a bomber is kind of tight and thin so layering a high thick neck like a hoodie might be a little bit tricky but honestly the trick is to always wear your bomber either unzipped or unbutton when you're pairing it on top of a hoodie and you should be great and get an interesting layered look without feeling bulky. Now bombers by nature are usually a little bit more puffy so you're going to want to keep the hoodie thinner than you would normally so don't go for something super thick. Number three is to layer it under a leather jacket. A leather jacket is pretty much a must in every man's closet. There's something that every guy has to have. It's such a cool piece to add an interesting kind of like a bad boy edge to any look that you're going for and with that I recommend you keep your colors muted when you're going for this certain look so go for a black hoodie, a dark gray or some sort of dark navy under the leather jacket to keep that sleek overall look. You can pair that with some black slim jeans and some white sneakers, black sneakers or black boots and you will be rocking that hoodie harder than almost any of your peers. Number four is probably the dressiest you can get to a hoodie and here is when you layer it under an overcoat. So if you really want to dress up your hoodie I recommend you layer it under an overcoat. If you want that ultimate sophistication when it comes to a hoodie pair with an overcoat. Some dark wash jeans and a pair of Chelsea boots and you'll have a smart look that most of your peers won't be creative enough to pull off. That exact same look if you want to dress it down or bring it down a bit you can pair it with some light wash jeans even with a couple of tears here and there and some sneakers and now you'll have a second look that it's equally sophisticated but way more casual. Number five is the sporty approach. Here's kind of where it's just natural. So pair this with some joggers, some nice trainers and you'll be pretty much good to go and just a simple t-shirt underneath and finally number 16 last and easiest way to wear a hoodie it's by itself. Prepare with some jeans and some sneakers and you got an easy everyday look or look that you required no thought but since everything fit right it looks great. If you want to go more for a trendy street style inspired look you can obviously layer like a long tee underneath. Personally I will go for the easy everyday look I feel it works best for my style. So that's it for today's video guys I hope you enjoyed it if you did don't forget to drop us a like down below and guys don't sleep on the hoodie this is a versatile piece that you can wear multiple ways and also don't forget to check out our sponsor original grain I'm gonna have these guys link down below with that special discount code so you guys can check it out that's it for me today see you next time