 Hey guys, Buddy Velastro here and today I'm making a user's requested cake. Celé has asked me to make a Ferrero Share Cake. So Celé has this one for you. I love Ferrero Shares so I figured why not make a big one. It's a cake. Something that you know, maybe 30, 40 people. So I start with a little bit of spray. I have my balls here and I'm going to take some chocolate cake. All right. I'm just going to kind of turn the top here and cut some layers. I'm not really worried that the edge cracked off because I know that I made the cake a little bigger at the fence I'm at. Okay, so I'm going to take my layer, put it inside and I'm going to go in. Don't worry too much about the cracks because this is going to be all layers of chocolate, ganache and cake. Once this is all together, you're not even going to know that the layer was cracked a little bit. This would cake instead of all ganache, like a real Ferrero Share because I thought it would just be too much ganache. So the cake is going to actually break it up. See where else we need a little bit of cake. Now that we're all covered, it's time for me to slather on some ganache. So I've got my ganache here. If you want to see how to make ganache, click over my left shoulder right now. So now that I got some ganache in there, it's time to throw some nuts in there. Now that I got my nuts inside, I'm going to go to the next layer, like a fold it in. This is like a chocolatey dream baby. All those layers are nuts and ganache. I'm using a bowl as a guide to get all delicious goodness in there. Okay, and I'm just going to keep going with this. I'm going to add another layer of ganache inside. And then I took a little bit of vanilla cake and I add a little bit of hazelnuts to it and I baked that in a spear. So it's going to act as our hazelnut center for Ferrero Share Cake. So I make two matching halves. I'm going to put this in the freezer, but this set up and then I'm going to put the two together and I'm going to show you how to finish this delicious Ferrero Share Cake. So don't go nowhere. So I got my two halves, right? And I'm going to pop one out. I'm going to put it here. I'm going to pop another one out. I'm going to put a little bit of ganache to make it stick together. I've got a big, but a boom. I'm going to put my other half on top. Oh, look at that. Now I'm going to put this on a gold board here. Woohoo, it's in. And again, my turntable. It's like my American Express Card. I never leave home without it. I think my ganache here. And I'm going to kind of slather it around. Fill this whole guy up. Any crevices, anything you got. Just put a little ganache in it. Just like a Ferrero Share on steroids over here. It's only 100 times bigger, right? People always ask me how to perfectly smooth around cake. Well, this is my trick. A little acetate strip. All right, so now it's time to put the nuts on. So now that we got our nuts on, I'm sure you have to finish this off. Time to pour my chocolate on. So you guys can see I'm going for the same texture of a Ferrero Share. We're now looking for a smooth texture. We're looking for a texture like a Ferrero Share, like this. Now I'm wrapping up my Ferrero Share. And it's beautiful, gold wrapping. Got a little bit of gold petal dust here or luster dust, rather. So there you have it. Ferrero Share, baby. Woo! Now it's time to cut this cake off. And I'm going to torch my knife here and get a little hot, because I got that chocolate shell that I want to get through. Now let's see how we did. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Boom! Ferrero Share, home-boken style, baby. So this is what happens when you tell me to make a cake. I try to take it to the next level. So lay up, baby. This one's for you. I mean between the gold and the layers of chocolate in there. With that hazelnut center, it's going to taste amazing. Again, thanks to Leha and thank you all for watching. I hope you enjoyed this one. I had a ton of fun doing it. Tell a friend, like, share, subscribe, leave me some comments, so I can make whatever cake you want. See you next time, guys.