 Hey everybody, it's Ron Henig's tattoos, I'm gonna show you how to make tubooli. Let's get straight into it. So the first thing we're gonna do is place a half a cup of burguil in a bowl and we're gonna top this up with two cups of pot water. Now we just want to let this soak for about 20-30 minutes. Now I'm gonna do this recipe based on six small-sized tomatoes. So what we need to do is very finely diced them. So to do that, slice them through the middle. You just want to take the core out like that. And then lengthwise we're gonna slice through and then straight across. Now they don't have to be too thin but the thinner they're better. So you want something like that. So now you just want to continue to do that with all your tomatoes. So you should end up with something that looks like that. Now we'll set that aside and we'll bring across one red onion. Slice it in half. We only need one half of this recipe. And slice along and we're gonna very thinly dice this. Straight through the middle. You want to try and get a thin like that and your onions should look like that. So we'll set that aside too. I'm just gonna bring across one bunch of fresh parsley. Now you want to take the leaves off the stems. Just like so. Just bring it all into one bunch. This will just make it easier to chop. And we just want to start to chop this. So you just really keep on going a couple of times until it's completely crushed up into small pieces. Now refrain from using a food processor because what they do is they actually just crush it and all the water comes out and just end up with a really messy salad. So just do it by hand. So as you want to end up with a result like that. Very finely chopped up. So put that aside as well. Now we just need one handful of fresh mint. Now the same fruits as I possibly want to chop it up as well. So now you just want to bring across a large bowl and we're going to pull our tomato onion and parsley and then straight into the bowl. And we're going to add some freshly cracked pepper along with a pinch of salt. Now by this point our bulgur should be ready. Now the easiest way to check is just to have a little taste. It should be nice and soft. But you can talk about looking at it that it's soft. So what we're going to do is just bring across a strainer and strainer. That's the trick is you want to push down as hard as you can. Get all that excess water up. And you just want to keep repeating that until the liquid comes out of it and we'll add our bulgur straight into our mix as well. Now adding about 2 tablespoons of olive oil and the juice of half a lemon. And we're going to stop our mixing this all the way through. And there we have it guys, simple as that. That's ready to be served right now. If you want to try this at a later time just don't put the olive oil on the lemon juice on yet. And hope you like that guys. Please like and subscribe. If you have any comments or suggestions just leave them at the bottom and I'll see you all next time.