 Yogurt, buttermilk, sour cream and creme fraiche are commonly used as ingredients in baking and in deserts. A few tidbits about these ingredients in this video. You would have come across buttermilk cookies, yogurt, tart, yogurt cakes and the kind. Buttermilk and yogurt give a gentle time to your cakes and muffins apart from making them moist. Yogurt or curd as it is more popularly known to us is something a lot of first set at home. When recipes call for yogurt you could use thick fresh homemade yogurt in most cases even if it is low fat. But in some recipes you will be required to use full fat yogurt. In such recipes the fat content in the yogurt makes a difference to the texture of your cakes or your tarts. This is normally specified in pound cakes, cheese cakes and the kind. It is plain and sweetened stuff and less specified in the recipe. But of course if you want to make some blueberry pancakes for your cakes then you could use blueberry flavored yogurt. You can drain yogurt in the refrigerator till it is really thick and creamy for a few hours. This is called as hung yogurt. And I gather Greek yogurt is also made in a similar way. Buttermilk is again something very common to us here. In recipes which call for buttermilk I whisked together two parts of fresh homemade yogurt with one part of water or milk to make buttermilk. You can also use equal parts of milk and yogurt whisked together to make buttermilk. Stick to whatever works best for you. It is extremely rare that we do not have yogurt at home to make buttermilk but just in case you are out of yogurt and you need to make buttermilk. You could also stir in vinegar into milk and let it stand for some time till it curds. And then there is sark cream. Sark cream contains 18 to 20% fat and it is made with light cream. This again is something which is not commonly available to us here in India. But I have read about people making sark cream at home using half and a half. That is half milk and half cream. But in most recipes which call for sark cream you could use full fat yogurt as a substitute. But please do not substitute sark cream with yogurt in recipes like puff pastry and ice cream because you might not get the desired result. In recipes like puff pastry and ice cream the fat content makes a lot of difference. And then we have creme fraiche. creme fraiche is 39% fat and it does not separate when heated so it is great for use in cooking and baking. So you can't really use yogurt in the place of sark cream or creme fraiche unless the recipe specifies that you can use so. But the good news is you could make creme fraiche at home and it is really easy to make it. creme fraiche is extremely versatile in use and is really delicious too. Coming up soon is my video how to make creme fraiche at home. I hope you found this video useful. Lots more recipes and tips coming up on cakes and more. Please subscribe. Please stay tuned.