 Alright, what we're doing now is creating stringers or carriages. There's a number of different words for them, but essentially what they are are the supports for the staircases. So these are going to actually hold the stair itself into place. There's both a rise and a run. So the rise is how far the stair goes up and the run is how far back it goes. Okay. These are going to be our runs right here. They're 10 inches long. Alright, so then we just cut those out and... Exactly. We have the support. Now what you're going to do is you're going to follow these lines into the corner, but once the tip gets close to the corner you're going to stop. With the greatest step in comfort, build stairs with a 6 to 7 inch rise and a 10 to 16 inch run. Yeah, there's definitely going to be a sense of pride in telling people that, you know, I made this. We're using a circular saw to cut along the lines and finishing the cutouts with a jigsaw. Hi! There we go. We got a stringer. That's right. When you're finished cutting out the stringer there's one more thing you have to do. You have to take the thickness of your stair in this case is 1.5 inch and remove it from the bottom of your stringer. The reason is once you put all the steps on top of each one, then your bottom step is going to be taller than all the rest of them. However, if you remove that inch and a half from the bottom, all of your steps will be exactly the same height. Once the stringers are in place, I cut the stair posts and attach them for support. I'm using two by six pressure-treated lumber to create the treads of the stairs and a router to get the edges smooth. What we're going to do, we're going to put the risers on first, which is the piece that goes like that, vertically, up and down. I need you to put weight on this because I'm going to bring this riser up to meet it. The reason I'm doing this is so that there's going to be a little space here, but then when we put the step on, the step is going to cover that space. We need to push the risers and treads tightly against the stringers, then fasten them with galvanized extras. The railing goes on next, starting at the bottom and working our way up. Don't forget to check local building codes before spacing the rails. We have steps. We have steps! Alright! Nice! What do you think? This is awesome. This is so great. Oh, guess what? You can do it now. Look at that. Look at this. What's that? What do you see? What is it? It's a step. You want to walk down them? Good on the steps. We've been using our back stairs a lot. We really love them. We use our stairs like every day. Now they look real pretty. They're stained and landscaped around, so we're very happy with those.