 I'm Chef Mike Moses and welcome to my kitchen. Alloing's coming and with that in mind we should cook something for all the zombies. How about brains? Oh no, okay. Better yet, how about brain food? Libberian onions coming up. If you like this video please don't forget to click the thumbs up icon and if you would like more of these please subscribe. I post new videos every Sunday. Libberian onions it's actually a very affordable protein and it's good for you. When sourced from healthy grass-fed cows liver is actually very good for you. It is absolutely loaded with a whole bunch of minerals, vitamins, iron, proteins and fat. It is particularly rich in the nutrients that keep our brains healthy. The ingredients for this dish are very simple. About 1 pound of liver should cost you two or three dollars. A couple of onions, a shallot, a little bit of brown sugar and we're good to go. Let's get to it. First thing we've got to do we've got to cut up our onions. Of course make sure your knife is nice and sharp though. A couple of swipes on the steel you have a sharp knife. You've seen me cut onions 50 times. Well not really 50 times, it's pretty close to it. So I'm not going to bore you with all the details. I'm just going to get these ones ready and then we'll get on to our liver. Okay the anatomy of liver. Basically this is what we're going to fry up. If you bind liver make sure it's fresh, not frozen. Frozen liver tends to break down when it gets kind of mushy. Fresh liver is about the only way to really cook it nicely. What we need to do is get our liver ready. Don't season your liver until the end. We're going for a really nice flavor here, especially if you like liver. If you don't like liver there's no convincing. There's nothing I can say that will make you try liver. However, have you had pate before? Alright let's get the frying pan out and we'll cook up some liver. Let's get our onions cooking. We're going to temper it up to about 200 degrees on our induction burner. Add about a tablespoon and a half of grape seed oil. Now we'll let our burner come up to temperature before we add the onions. Properly caramelize the onions. We're going to also use about a tablespoon of brown sugar. Our pan is up to temperature. Let's add the onions. We will season the onions with a little bit of salt. Some pepper. And we'll get those stirred around. The onions you want a nice golden color on them. It's probably going to take anywhere from 5 to 10 minutes so let's speed things up a little bit. I think goes the brown sugar. Stir it all around. It starts getting nice. Well the onions are golden brown and delicious. Not the final cook on them. We're going to put them back in with the liver. But we have to get the liver started. So, what I'll do is I'll take these, put them on a pan, put these aside and now, we'll put our liver into the pan. A nice sizzle. Make sure your liver is laying flat. And now we can season the liver. Unlike beef, you want a seasoning while it's in the pan. The salt, the pepper. Let it sit on this side probably for about two or three minutes just to get a nice crust on the top. Now we're going to flip the liver over. Beautiful colors. We're going to reduce the heat down to probably a medium low. Add my onions back to the pot. And now we're going to cover it. And let it cook for about four to five minutes until it's cooked all the way through. But not dry, not rubber. Our time is now up. It's been about four minutes. As you can see, the onions are golden. The liver is done. We can take it off the heat. But like any meat, we've got to let it rest. Now, what I'll do is plate it up. We'll take our liver. Some onions. And there is a plate of liver and onions for you. Now, I'll show you what I mean by perfectly cooked. Let's cut the edge off. Look at that. Just perfect. juicy, and also your mouth. You can taste the onions. You can taste the liver. But it's not like sugar. I hope you enjoy liver and onions. If you like this video, please don't forget to give me a thumbs up. And that post videos like this every week, so please subscribe. Also, if you'd like more information, head over to my blog, ThePersonalshaft.Blog. Where I post this recipe that you can print off. Thank you very much for watching. I look forward to helping you cook better. Eat healthier and shop smart.