 So where did 6 flags walking from the preferred parking area? Which I kind of assumed would be a lot closer. We've got a bit of a walk ahead. Thank you. So that's it. It is starting to rain, but that's alright because we got our season passes and we can come back any time we want. The package that we got had unlimited freight fast for a span. So we can come back as much as we want. Hey guys, subscribe to my channel and I'm not a YouTuber. We'll see you. Alright, so we're going to be back for freight fast many times throughout the season. And next year, so along with the pass, you also get Christmas season tickets or whatever where you can come see the live show. We've never done that before. We're all the way at the freight fast. So we came to check out the Halloween decorations. Now they're not actually starting the freight fast for about two weeks I think, but they've started putting out some decorations. None in the entryway. I was a little concerned when we walked in and there was nothing on the main street area, but they are putting it out in the park a little bit. So let's go ahead and take a look at what is out there. So we're going to have a look at the Christmas season tickets. We're going to have a look at the Christmas season tickets. We're going to have a look at the Christmas season tickets. We're going to have a look at the Christmas season tickets. We're going to have a look at the Christmas season tickets. We're going to have a look at the Christmas season tickets. We're going to have a look at the Christmas season tickets. We're going to have a look at the Christmas season tickets. We're going to have a look at the Christmas season tickets. We're going to have a look at the Christmas season tickets. We're going to have a look at the Christmas season tickets. We're going to have a look at the Christmas season tickets. We're going to have a look at the Christmas season tickets. We're going to have a look at the Christmas season tickets. We're going to have a look at the Christmas season tickets. We're going to have a look at the Christmas season tickets. We're going to have a look at the Christmas season tickets. Excited! Excited! Excited! Excited! Excited! Excited! Excited! Excited! Excited! So we got our first meal here at Six Flags. We both went with a double cheeseburger, and they have a toppings bar, so they had mushrooms and onions but let us into my dough and all that. Stuff I don't want on my burger. But it was very easy. We just went up, swiped our card, they gave us our green, our meal. We didn't have to do anything, didn't have to sign anything. It was just a bit. Yeah. I saw a poster of the hamburger when we came in. And I didn't think it would look anything like it, but it actually does. It's actually massive, almost 1500 calories. And we're simply the fries are extra calories. So I don't know, we'll see. It was actually the opposite effect, because we originally were going to go for the turkey legs and the sign made them look really small. But these hamburgers, I'm the sign, you know. I guess I've got a lot of them. They look really juicy and really big and the sign, and I'm kind of surprised that it does look really massive. How much was it? I think it was 1250 for the burger and fries. It's for regular fries and the drinks for regular fries. Almost five dollars, I don't remember. Pretty expensive. It's a bargain. Bargain with the meal plan, $4.50 a month. All you can eat. Well, that'll be two meals a day, lunch and dinner and a snack plus all you can drink in the members' cup through the rest of this year and the rest of next year. So that should be interesting, I can't see how much value we get out of that. How was the hamburger? It looked like a done time. It was good. I saw it in gravy. Now I know that goat 49 is here. Ok, we'll leave it for now.玩笑 I think we ate it at the time. Here I am. We're starving. Come on, let's go everyone. You have returned to work. Yes, yes. What are you doing? I want to pay, but come to work. I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you It's time! Hi Mark! Hi Mark! I'm so excited! I'm so excited! That was the longest line ever or different that. This is the size of the snack dip and dots that you get. You have to order it as the kitty size. It might be a little misleading because there's little indentation. Oh my gosh, I didn't see that. I guess that's it for us today. I hope you enjoyed the preview of 6 flags over Georgia. If you're interested in getting a membership, I think it's a really good value. They're currently having a flash sale through the end of this weekend. I hope you're interested in getting a membership on the website. I hope you enjoyed all of the Fright Fest festivities that are starting to appear. We'll be back later on in a couple of weeks with Fright Fest Officially Opens to show you more of the scare zones and the haunted houses and hopefully more of the decorations. I remember to subscribe to our channel next week. We're actually going to go to Universal Orlando for their Halloween Horror Nights. We actually booked the RIP tour and the behind the scenes haunted houses tour. That should be really interesting. I guess until next time. Take care guys. Happy Honte. Bye.