 As Mike from FiberglassSight.com, this video is going to be about basically about three different things. How to waterproof anything, basically, but how to waterproof plywood, how to make a waterproof box anywhere from the size of a drip tray all the way up to a 40 foot by 20 foot by one foot aquaculture pond. The second and most important thing that this is going to be about is how to make a swimming pool liner. We work with a lot of swimming pool companies and swimming pool repair companies that can take an old fiberglass pool, an old concrete pool, or any sort of pool and no matter what's wrong with it, you can re-line it with fiberglass and save it and have a line of that's going to last 15 to 25 years. This video is going to...you really should watch our other video first before you watch this one. In this video, we explain a lot about the resins. We explain to you why you should use certain resins when you should use wax, when you should not use wax. I'll try to remember to go over that as much as possible in this video, but in this video, we really want to concentrate on teaching you a skill that is really going to be worthwhile. If you know how to waterproof a box like this, you can make a fish box for your boat. You can make anything. Anything you can possibly imagine, in any shape you can possibly imagine, with the steps that we're going to show you, you can make a waterproof box that's going to last a very long time, or you can take any box or anything and make it waterproof for a very long time. Also that you were just watching was we were reinforcing the corners on this box. Most of the time when you're doing waterproofing, you're not going to have to reinforce the corners the way we did because you're going to wrap the fiberglass in this direction and it's going to cover the corners. But there's going to be some time, actually when you're doing much larger boxes, you are going to want to reinforce the corners from the inside. If the box is not strong enough to hold the amount of water that you're going to put in it, then you're also going to do want to do, want to reinforce the corners, all of the corners from the outside as well. What you just saw in that video was us and you saw how easy it was. We just cut the chop strand mat into six inch long pieces and we put it into the corners. Doing it that way, and that was two ounce chop strand mat. If you do it that way, you can just do one layer of two ounce chop strand mat and two layers of the gel coat and this will be a waterproof box for a box about this size. When you get bigger, and especially when you're doing a swimming pool, you're going to want to do two layers of 1.5 ounce chop strand mat sealed with two layers of gel coat. We've been working with pool people for years. This works. Third thing we're going to talk about is how to repair a large tank. If you have a tank on your farm or at your business that holds a large amount of liquid and you're getting pin holes in it, it could be 5,000, 10,000, 20,000 gallons and it's getting old and it's getting pin holes in it. No matter what it's made of, plastic metal fiberglass, we're going to also talk about how to repair that. We can't necessarily show you on this material, but we can teach you and tell you how to fix any kind of tank, a metal tank, a plastic tank, a fiberglass tank. If you can get in the tank, fix it from the inside. That's way, way better. If you can only fix it from the outside, we're going to explain how to do that as well. So let's get started. Now, we've cut the pieces of fiberglass long enough to go 5 inches on to the floor and a few inches over the side. What you do is you lay the fiberglass down into the box, get it right up to the edge and crease it right along the bottom. Just crease it there and bring it up and over the sides. And get all the slack out of it and bring it up and over the sides. And remember, these corners are already fiberglass, so we don't have to worry about them. The other way to do this is to cut the fiberglass to the height of the wall and do the inside. Then you don't have the overlap to the outside. So there's two ways to do it. We're doing it the second way. If you're doing a swimming pool or a very large box, you're going to be doing two layers of 1.5 ounce chop strand mat. As I said, we're going around and around. We're cinching this down. We did the primer coat. When you were watching before, we did the primer coat of polyester resin with hard and only no wax. We just used the polyester resin, so it's a little tacky and that makes it difficult, a little bit difficult to get the cloth all the way into the edges. But what you do is you see that the cloth will work with you. You kind of bend it, kind of push it in there, and it really is working with us. This is the final piece. We're not going to put in the floor piece yet because then there would be too many overlaps. So we're going to do the walls and then we're going to do the floor piece last. The longer you let the primer coat dry, the primer coat of polyester resin with no wax in it. If you let it dry, I only let it dry for like two hours. If you let it dry more, I mean, it's not really that tacky now. The more you let it dry, the less tack you'll be. The longest I would let it go would be maybe 48 hours. If it goes longer than that, it's not the end of the world. Okay, now what we're going to do next is, and what you're going to see me do in next is, I'm going to mix up polyester resin and hardener, and we're just going to take really cheap disposable rollers from Home Depot and we're going to roll the resin all the way around on the insides first and then we're going to get these outside flaps. And when that's done, we're going to do the floor. What I've done is mix polyester resin and hardener and we're rolling it on top of the prime coat. Now as this resin soaks through the mat and gets to the prime coat, the resin that's coming through the mat is joining up with the resin that's in the wood. Now the more resin that you get to soak into the wood, the longer this box, this repair, this pool, whatever it is that you're doing is going to last. Because as this resin that I'm putting on now goes through the wood, it's joining up with the resin that it's going through the mat, joining up with the resin that's already in the wood and they're becoming warm and wild horses couldn't separate them. So you see this side over here that we've finished already, it looks, you can barely see the chop strand mat anymore. That's because the whole thing has become one. It's one solid waterproof wall and as we go wall by wall by wall making each one waterproof inside. That's going to be the case. Now when we started what you saw before was I primed all the wood in here and the way I primed all the wood was by mixing up polyester resin and hardener and we primed the wood and the more resin that you can get to soak into the wood, the better the result you're going to have. Look what we're doing now. What we're doing now is we're rolling resin on to the mat and the resin that soaks through the mat is going to go through the mat and it's going to join up with the resin that is in the wood and when the resin that goes through the mat and becomes part of the mat joins up with the resin that's in the wood and that's part of the wood there's nothing that can ever separate them and the more resin that you can get to soak through the wood on that primer coat the better the result that you're going to have in the long run. So try to get as much resin to soak through on that primer coat as humanly possible. Now it's setting up a little fast today so we're going to make, we're going to do smaller batches when it sets up fast on you. You could do smaller batches. You can also look on the container and there's a maximum amount of hardener that you can use and a minimum amount of hardener that you can use where it's very hot out you can go down to that minimum amount you can't go below the minimum amount but you can go down to the minimum amount and do it that way and that'll get you a little bit more life out of your batch. Okay, when you're doing the floor an easy little cheat is to pour the resin down and spread it around much much easier takes a little bit more resin but especially where you have overlaps it makes things a lot easier because where you have overlaps you're going to need more resin. So it's a nice little. Okay, once again I'm going to get the rollers out of the acetone and we're going to do the corners first. You see the corners? We put a lot down, we put a lot of resin down on the bottom. We're doing the corners first and then we get the nice big flat roller. Shake the the ash. This was soaking an acetone behind us in a bucket with a lid on it of course wherever you have any white spots see how those white spots go away. Once you go back and forth, back and forth and once this gets gummed up once this roller gets gummed up you just go and switch it with one of the ones you have in the acetone and you'll see just in a minute these are all the white spots are going to be gone. This is the polyester gel coat that we sell. Now when you use it this is how we recommend that you use it. You do one thin coat and one medium coat. The thin coat you can thin it down with acetone even up to 20%. Your 15% is probably the best, 10 to 15%. The first coat you only put hardener and you roll it on very thin. The second coat you can either use it, you can use it full strength or thin down just 5%. But you add wax first then if you want to a little bit of acetone then the hardener. That's your second coat, that's your final coat. It will be as hard as a rock if you use this kind of gel coat which is commercial grade. It's 10 pounds instead of 9 pounds. Very very hard and if you use this to waterproof a box, a pool, anything it will be as hard as a rock. Now this is our gel coat and we're getting ready to mix it. We always recommend doing two layers of gel coat, one thin layer and then one medium layer. You look on the back and depending on the temperature it tells you how much hardener to use. Where we are today it's close to being up in the 90s so we're going to use the smaller amount of gel coat of hardener. When you get the gel coat from us you get hardener and wax. You use the hardener every time on the first coat and the second coat. You only use the wax and the second coat, very important. You follow the directions on here as to how much to mix in and it's very very simple. As long as you follow the directions you'll have a very very good result. Now one thing about gel coat, gel coat, this has a lot of solids in it so it settles as it's shipped so it's good to give it a little shake before you use it. Turn it upside down and give it like a three minute shake. Alright this is the box we finished yesterday. Remember this box represents any possible thing that you can waterproof. That you want to waterproof for fiberglass. We were not going to go through the whole list again. Anything that you can lay fiberglass on you can make water proof. This just happened to be wood. Remember if you do wood you must do the primer coat. The primer coat is polyester resin mixed with hardener. You get as much as that that soak in as possible. Remember that we reinforced the corners on here first because we were using two ounce chopstrain mat and we on the flat surfaces. So we reinforced the corners first. Then we did the two ounce chopstrain mat. We overlapped it over the sides. It's the next day it's still tacky and it's ready. This is our first coat of gel coat. As we say we thin it down 10% with acetone. I'm going to thin it down 10% with acetone so we can roll it on nice and thin. We've got this is 64 ounces. It's a half a gallon of 64 ounces so 10% would be six ounces. We have that here. We're going to pour that in and you get that mixed in first. Mix it slowly so it doesn't splash. We're going to use 18ccs for a half a gallon of gel coat because it's hot out. Okay so we have our thin down gel coat mixed and we're going to roll on a nice thin layer. All right this is the all important final coat of gel coat. We're going to add the wax first. Here we have the wax. It has the black coat, the black mark on top. It says wax on it. It looks different. This is a half a gallon. Wax is mixed two ounces per gallon. So this is a half a gallon. So we're going to put in one ounce of wax which is right to the top of here. And always shake the wax well before you put it in. Now you mix the wax in very well before you add the hardener because it's important to get a good mix on this wax. Okay the wax is mixed in. Now we're going to put in our hardener. Never ever use resin or gel coat without hardener. We've repeated that a million times. There's our hardener. We're going to roll a good medium coat for our second coat. Not as thin as that first coat that we did. But it doesn't have to be very very thick. Now the first coat has dried. It's still tacky. But this second coat because it has wax in it is going to dry to a non tacky finish. Very very hard. Okay here's a wrap up of what we did. We started out with a plain wooden box. We took polyester resin and hardener mixed that together and saturated the whole box with that. We saturated the wood. God is much to soak in as possible. Then on top of that we put chopped strand mat. With first we reinforced the corners with four inch strips. Then we put chopped strand mat and we saturated the chopped strand mat with polyester resin and hardener. No wax. Then we did two coats of gel coat. The first coat of gel coat just with hardener and we thinned that down with acetone. Then the second coat of gel coat we didn't thin down but we did put wax in it. You put wax first then your hardener. Then roll it on for your very final coat. If you're doing a box or a huge project or a swimming pool visit our website first. Watch our other two videos because those things in those videos that will help you with these projects. If you're doing a swimming pool or a box email us the square footage. Describe for us your project. Email the square footage and your city and zip code. It's very important because shipping is part of the cost. Email us the square footage of your project. Your city and zip code and our if you visit our website our email addresses are on there. Visit the website fiberglasssite.com. You'll see the links to our other videos and if you we keep them short so if you watch them you are going to become a fiberglass expert.