 Hey there, Lacey here with a sweet pea chef, and one of my most popular recipes on the blog is my banana nut muffin recipe. And one of the things that people have asked a lot is for me to add chocolate chips to the muffins. So, while I was updating this recipe, I decided to also make it clean. So let's go ahead and make some healthy banana chocolate chip muffins today. Let's get started. First, pre-key or oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit and grease a muffin tray with a little bit of coconut oil. In a medium mixing bowl, we're going to mash the right bananas using a fork or a potato masher. We're looking for the bananas to be evenly mashed and not chunky. The right for the bananas, the sweeter the muffins will be. Now add an egg and the vanilla extract and stir to combine. Then we're going to set this aside. In a separate mixing bowl, combine the whole wheat, spelt flour, ground cinnamon, baking soda, and kosher salt and mix well. If you've never heard of spelt flour before, it's similar to whole wheat flour, but it's actually higher in protein and vitamins. And using it in baked goods gives a very light texture and has a little bit of a sweet nutty flavor as well. Add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients and stir until just incorporated. Try not to over mix at this point because over mixing will produce a muffin that's not as fluffy. Now, fold in the chocolate morsels. For your chocolate, look for a dark chocolate that has a cacao percentage of about 70 percent. Those are going to have the least amount of additives and the less processing. They're also going to have the maximum amount of health benefits for you as well. Now pour the mix into the prepared muffin tins, filling the cups approximately two thirds of the way full. You can use muffin cups, but it's not necessary. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until a toothpick inserted comes out clean and the tops are nice and golden brown. Then remove and let cool on a cooling rack. Alright, so now we have a clean banana nut muffin recipe with chocolate that we can feel good about eating because it has no refined flowers and no refined sugars. Plus, what a great use for ripe bananas. Make sure to give this video a like if you enjoyed it and download my free guide to clean eating. Subscribe to the channel for more tasty ways to enjoy healthy foods. Thanks, I'll see you next time. I didn't like that at all.