 Hey guys, it's me, LaMitria from Cuttin' Up Keto, where we slice and dice and serve up everything nice with no sugar and lots of spice. Now in this episode I have for you guys, a seafood dish that people that tend to get tired of beef and chicken all the time, we like deep-fish. So in this episode I have for you something I really enjoy making on Keto, which is some homemade salmon patties or a salmon croquette, depending on where you are. That's what I mean, I call them salmon patties, but the traditional name is salmon croquettes. Now traditionally when you make them, you use a bread crumb and some eggs to help it form together, but in this particular way, I'm gonna make it using some crowned up pork skins. The pork skins, they actually taste pretty good, especially with this being a fried dish. Sometimes you really want something good and crunchy, and those pork skins believe it or not, when they fry up, they make these actually really, really crunchy to me crunchier than they are when they're made with just traditional bread crumbs. I when I make them not Keto, I use panko bread crumbs, and I coat them on the outside with panko bread crumbs too. But like I said, what I found out is that using the pork skins and a little bit of experimenting, that it actually makes it a lot crispier. So I think that you guys that are into trying new things on Keto, you're gonna love this. You don't really take, depending on how much pork skins you use, you don't really taste the pork rind in it. And I would advise you to read the ingredients on the pork skins that you have. There are so many of them that have so many unnecessary ingredients. And I'm able to find some that are actually sustainably raised pork and abotic free pork. And also all these carries a really good brand that's just pork skins and salt. So you really gotta read those labels, look out for the monosolic and glutamator MSG, which that can raise your blood sugar levels, and look out for maltodextron, all those different added chemicals. They love to put in pork skins. I mean, they just take the opportunity to just load those things up, whatever they want to put to make it flavorful. But you don't really need all that for a good pork rind. Also to go with these salmon patties, I'm gonna prepare for you guys a creamy dill dipping sauce, which it just sets it off. I'm telling you, it's delicious. You can use this dill dipping sauce for different things like vegetables, or just to dip some chicken in. It doesn't really matter. You can even dip pork skins in it if you prefer to do that. It's really easy to put together, and it just really makes so synim patty something that is just so, so, so good. I love a nice creamy, just something to dip, dip whatever kind of meat in. I just love creamy, dippy stuff. So, you know, I think you guys are gonna love that too. So I'm gonna actually put a link in the description box to that because I know some people are not gonna want to watch this video just to get how to make the creamy dill dipping sauce. But like I said, I'm gonna put that in a separate video, and I'm gonna link it in the description box below. So, you know, without further ado, we're gonna get started with that right now. Okay, so here are my ingredients that I used to make this lovely salmon patties. I'm gonna go ahead and use three cans of this wild caught, a laskin pink salmon. I'm using this many, like I said, sets you guys before we eat this as dinner. So you can do pretty good with just two, but this will give you plenty of leftovers and whatnot. I have here some old-bay seasoning, some onion salt, some dill weed, onion powder, Himalayan salt, black pepper, some pork skins that are raised out antibiotics. And I have here about six eggs, and I have the juice from about half of a lemon, and I have here some onions, and some chopped green peppers, and chopped red bell peppers. So that's all you really need here to make some really tasty salmon patties or salmon croquettes, which I prefer to call it. So we're gonna go ahead and get started assembling this right now. Okay, so now we're getting ready to go ahead and put the salmon patties together. So first, I already put my cans of salmon in there. I went on ahead and took some of the bones out, and then I, of course, drained it. So I'm gonna go ahead and flake it a little bit now with this fork here, but when I mixed the whole mixture together, I actually just use my hands once I'm trying to make them into patties. So I'm gonna go ahead and get started to season. So I'm gonna go ahead and put some old bay in here, and I just eyeball it, and then I'm gonna add a little bit of pepper, and add some onion salt to this. There we go. Now, a cute amount of old bay is kinda on the salty side, so you don't need to use a ton of it to get that flavor. Gonna add just a little bit more of Himalayan salt, because I told you for that onion salt is not very salty. And I'm gonna put some onion powder, and I'm gonna add some garlic powder, and then finally, I'm gonna add some dill. Okay, don't remember that that's like a glob of garlic, because I'm gonna mix it all up. And then I'm gonna add some of this chopped dill weed. I'm gonna go ahead and just pour it in, because you want it to have a nice flavor. Now, let me take off my rings, because I'm gonna have to go ahead and really mix this stuff up. But right now, I'm just gonna stick to stirring it up. Get it good and mixed up, and then we're gonna add the pork skins that I put inside a ziplock bag, and crush those really well, so that they're kind of like a fine, crumbly breadcrumb light consistency. There's still a few chunks in here, but I'm gonna try and work my way through them. But you can see the texture though, that still a few big chunks, but you can see the texture of it. So I'm gonna go ahead and give it one more big pound with the onion powder here. Hope to heat out some of those big chunks. There we go. Okay, that should do, because at the bottom of it, there is really ground up good. So we don't really want any chunks of pork rinds in the salmon patties, but you know, this isn't going to throw them fancy plates, this is just for us at home. There we go, that makes that really good. Now see that, that looks good. So I'm gonna go ahead and add my vegetables to the mixture. So I'm gonna add what is roughly a quarter of a red bell pepper. And then I'm gonna add to that a quarter of an onion. And that right there is just a yellow onion chopped up. And I'm gonna add some green bell peppers to that. That I'm gonna add the juice from half of a lemon. And then to that, I'm gonna add, I'm gonna start with half of these pork skins. I'm not gonna put all of them in there, unless I need to, unless I notice that the mixture is not sticking together well. That's typically what I do. I'll just test it out and see first. See how those looks just like break from. It's amazing. So I'm gonna add some of those. It's amazing. I'm gonna get stuff that you, these work great in meatballs or meatloafs. And eventually I'll get to making that stuff from the show too. But we're gonna go ahead and crack these eggs. I'm gonna start off with, we're gonna start with four eggs. And then we're just gonna test the mixture and see. Now this is the part where I start to use my hands. I can stir up a little bit. You can actually combine your eggs first, probably the smart thing to do. But you can, I'll go ahead and stir it up and then after I get a bit of good stir, then I'll go ahead and use my hands to get in there good and mash out some of these big chunks. That looks like it's going pretty good right there. Alright, that looks pretty good. Now I'm gonna go ahead and add a little bit more seasoning to it. I'm gonna just add some more old bay to it because that's kind of a really all around seasoning. And then I can easily just look at the texture of it and see if it's gonna stick together. That looks pretty good. Now obviously it's not gonna be that tiny, but you can get an idea of how your patty is gonna stick together or not to defried up. So let's see if we test out one. That's the reasonable size. Try and roll it into a little ball and see. That actually looks like it's gonna stick pretty good. That looks really good. So I'm gonna go ahead and heat my skillet up and we'll be back in just a minute. Right these babies up. Okay, first I'm gonna put some olive oil in the skillet here. Let that heat up. It's already kind of hot. Yeah, it's pretty hot. And then I'm gonna go ahead and just start adding these cratties so just shape it first and it's like a little ball. And then if it holds forming your hand, go ahead and put it in the skillet. And see here. And this is also really my favorite skillet to saute and fry in and bake. I got baked the keychain that. And this is a really nice, large cast iron skillet. It gives a really nice browning to whatever it is you're trying to fry. I'm gonna go ahead and put a link in the description box for this, the large cast iron skillet. For those of you that are interested. I really got into cast iron probably about six years ago. I just really enjoy that is more naturally to cook and these skills they last forever. I got so sick and tired of replacing my non-stick skillets. And so that's what kind of naturally just led me to cast iron. And you know, you can pass these down. A lot of people have had cast iron passed down for generations. And I just said always, I wanted to pass this down to my kids. So I got quite a little collection. And my nice blue enamel cast iron skillet or pot, Dutch oven or whatever it's called was a mother's day gift from my husband this year. He usually buys me cast iron for presents. So it's kind of sweet. And my mom, she got me started with a nice little setup too. So I have to thank her too for getting me a nice cast iron arsenal to cook with. There we go. So that's the little spool. And we're going to let these cook up. And I'm going to come back in a minute and flip them over when they're nice and brown. Okay, so I flipped over this one. I'm going to go ahead and flip this one over. The one in the center cooked the fastest obviously. But I'm going to try and cook them over. You really got to be careful because if they're not ready, they'll fall apart. Like these right here are only kind of cooked a little bit. They're like cooked half and half. So I'm going to try and move them in a little bit. But they're going to be here. Okay. Okay. I'm going to have to probably move them. They're falling apart a little bit. But for the most part, you see when they're good and brown, they stick together like this one. So we're going to let them continue to cook a little bit more. And then we'll come back in a little bit when they're a little bit more done. Okay. So now I finished these lovely salmon patties as you can see. And so I actually finished roasting the broccoli and the cauliflower with it to go together. And I put a little bit of that creamy dill dip in sauce on top. So I'm going to go ahead and give these a try right now and see how they taste. Wow. These are really good. And you cannot even taste the pork skins in this at all. It tastes just like a regular salmon patty, which is amazing. Wow. I really, really hope that you guys give this a try. I ended up using what I believed I said, that pack of salmon. I'm sorry, the pack of pork skins I used wasn't even a really big pack, but when it came down to it, when it was crushed up, you've made for the three cans, it ended up being like a half a cup of the salmon, I'm sorry, of the pork skins. So yeah, this is really good. Let me taste this roasted curry cauliflower. This is really good too. Everything turned out great. This is the perfect ketogenic meal. You've got salmon with omega-3s. You've got a nice fatty dressing to go with it. And you've got your cruciferous vegetables that are known cancer fighters and you've got some curry on there that has a turmeric also in it and some olive oil. And so this is going to be a favorite of you guys, is I'm pretty sure, you'll love it, you get like fish. So here we go. So guys, as always, if you enjoyed this video and you enjoyed what you saw for me today, go ahead and hit the like button and don't forget to subscribe if you're new to cutting up keto. And on that note, I'm going to go ahead and finish these delicious salmon patties and I will see you guys in the next video. But don't forget, I almost forgot to tell you, don't forget to hit the notification bell. So that way you will notify of every new episode I upload as soon as it's uploaded of cutting up keto. So on that note, I will see you guys in the next video. Bye.