 Hey, what's up guys, it's Mike Chen. So last week, I literally got humiliated. I got annihilated by a huge ice cream sundae. No bloody way. Oh my god, it's falling. It's avalanching right now. Oh my goodness. And just about four days later, here I am at the corner of Fah. I'm about to take on the ginormous Fah challenge. I feel like I'm just a glutton for punishment right now. I just, I can't get enough beatings. It's like I took up beating and I came back for more. But I am a little more like a tinkety bit more confident about this challenge because I love fah. And the ginormous Fah challenge is supposed to be a combination of three orders of fah. And I remember back in the days when I used to eat more than I do now. I will go to a fah place and order two orders of fah just for myself. So I guess today, I got a channel that young me. For me, that will go to Popeyes, get an 18 piece bucket and eat it all by myself. Okay. I think I'm ready. Let's go take down that fah. Now we're going to head back into the kitchen and see how my opponent is constructed. All right, this is, this is it right here. This is two counts of me. This is two pounds of meat. So what do we got? We got the trite, right? We just get the meatball tendon. Yeah, I bet it's good. Nice. This looks awesome. I'm excited. This is making me hungry. Here's the noodles. Are you just, are you just gaging? By eye. By eye, let's run like this. Okay, okay, okay. I prefer under. I don't know. That's going in. Oh, there's my bowl. Are you kidding me? Yeah, that's your bowl. Wow. That's about two pounds. Perfect. Wow, look at you. Holy cow, on this spot. Yep, about four pounds right there. I engaged my opponent in the kitchen. I signed my waiver. I would like to take this challenge. I am actually starving right now. I didn't get all day, which a lot people would say. It's not the best strategy, but I feel like this is how I can best tackle it. I keep your salt, two pounds of noodles. I think the noodles might give me some trouble, but I almost wish people more meat in there. And I mean, it looks good. Here it comes. Holy crap. How come that looks bigger now? Is that bro? No. No. No. What is this? Did you change your bowl on me? I'm like, how come it looks bigger? It is bro. It came out of the kitchen. You got bigger. How's that possible? Wow. Alright, let me show you guys what this looks like from my perspective. Check out this spoon. It looks delicious. It smells great. First of all, guys, I cannot move the foot without a lot of sriracha. So sriracha is going in. I might need a whole bottle of sriracha because I'm not sure. I'm also going to put some of this garlic, chili sauce in there. Nice and spicy. Alright, I'm ready. Alright, 50 minutes has started. Here's my strategy. I have to finish the noodles first because they're going to get soggy and nothing is worse than soggy fun. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It lost the red meat and lots of the meat in it. It lost the red meat and lots of red meat in it. It lost the black meat and lots of red meat in it. It lost the black meat and lots of red meat in it. It lost the black. It lost the black meat and lots of red meat in it. It lost the black meat and lots of red meat in it. It lost to red meat. It lost to red meat. It lost to red meat. It lost to red meat. It lost to red meat. It lost to red meat. It lost the black meat. It's a good one. It lost the black meat. It lost to red meat. It lost to red meat. Actually, I'm interested in making things. I want to make my love. You can make my love cook. Hey, my love. the part is a lot worse than the fights. And this challenge I'll show you guys right now. A lot easier than the ice cream challenge because ice cream after like a couple of scoops you're like so sick of it but this is so delicious. And this big spoon actually is really helpful because it's just grabbing the noodles from this big bowl. It's kind of challenging right now. I feel like I'm making a ditch in the noodle for now. Although they might not look like it because it's full. It's so big because I'm literally eating out of a real life swimming pool. Just to change up the texture a little bit. Sorry. I need some ratchets. It's nice and spicy from there and it needs to be spicy. My other strategy is to eat as quickly as I can. I gotta eat this before my stomach realizes that it's full. Ha ha! Get it? That is full? I'll tell you guys what. I'm going strong right now. I'm like really hungry. And this is so much easier than the ice cream challenge. Ice cream challenge after like a few bites. I know I was in trouble because the flavor, the texture was just... It wasn't, I mean you're not supposed to eat like two gallons of ice cream. But you can't eat a lot of fun. I'm slowly trying to make my way through the beef balls because they are very filling. Everything still tastes really delicious to me. That's a good sign. Alright, there's still a lot of noodles left but I feel like I'm making good progress. I'm going to start mixing a little meat with my noodles so I can get a little bit of flavor from my bowl. You know, eating challenges are like a relationship. You gotta mix it up. You gotta keep things interesting. This is a two way street. I am feeling the noodles in my stomach right now. I feel a little bit. But just a little bit. I'm still good. I feel like I'm at least two-thirds way through the noodles right now. It's not slowing me down much. Because I'm a warrior. I'm a warrior. The thought has apparently brought out a dark joke from within me. I am worried a little bit about the beef. I'm in thoughts right now because they are so dense. The split is pushing back around. But I am still on the offensive. Yep, the noodles are almost gone. I think there's only a quarter of a bowl left. I just thought at this point I am feeling the formation of a rough baby. I'm going to start mixing my noodles with the noodles. I'm just thinking, what do you even find a bowl like this? Like food challenges are us. The beef we've bought is definitely taking the top. You'll think they're so kind of being heavy. So dense. At this point, I'm pretty much full. See what I had to do. Oh my god, I thought we were noodles. They were hidden. It was an ambush. I thought I finished them off already and they came from behind. This is so unexpected. Oh my god, I feel like the food just got some reinforcements. I feel myself slowing me down. But there's not that much left. I feel like it took term both of the plus five power. But I am getting the dread of a football where I just have rotation more. I'm going to put it down. Only one bowl left. I'm going to take that out of it. Everything is still boiling hot. There's so much drop in there. I'm going to put it down. I'm going to put it down. I'm going to put it down. I love that he's really good. My favorite meat and stuff. I can see the light. It's so bright and sweaty. It's so brown. It's so brown. It's so fresh. The key right now, even though I want to, you cannot pause. You cannot get the fudge and the breed and the chance to cooperate. You've got to step on it, throw it, finish it off. When you let the noodles soak in the soup for too long, they suck the soup in. So you're eating more. So definitely if you guys ever attempt it, cover the noodles first. You can just add all of this to the soup and then add the fish, fish, fish, fish, fish, and fish. You guys can feel like I'm just fighting for victory. This is a look that way because there's still some nationality. I think you're not going to go with victory because there's some side strength. Oh, the dread of beef tenders. This is a little stomach stomach. Very gelatinous. Very dense. Super heavy. These tenders are fighting back right now. I definitely wonder if I could have just send it. I thought they could have beat all the defaults when the only thing I had to worry about. Now I was not sure if this thing was lurking but rancid. And now it's come on full frontal attack. No, it's so much of it. Oh my god. Is that everywhere? This is all beef tenders right here. Oh, these mootie burgers there, everywhere. They're in the bottom of the freezer. So heavy. Hold on. I'm not finished. These tenders are the only thing that can stop me from victory today. Oh, man. They're myself full now guys. I'm going to have to do something I don't want to do. I'm going to have to throw the broth. That's the only way to get the tenders some flavor. But this is also a very tasty move. I mean, the broth is heavy. More tenders. They're coming from. I feel like there's some familiar signs of the portal on the bottom of the bowl. Where tenders are just like freaking ants for a limited dimension. Another one. Sure, where are they coming from? At this point, I'm wearing a propattle. They're wearing a propattle. I'm wounded. I'm about my fighting spirits will not be wearing. Well, if it's better than I've been worn out. I can't believe this. He's fighting tenders everywhere. That's going to be the last line of the fence. I am definitely going to fight on to my last fight. But at this point, I need something smoother. The tendon has made my mouth covered in such a madness. So I feel like there's a layer of that in my mouth. I have to wipe it down. Hopefully my last fight. Maybe it's a test. Maybe it's still in the open. Still in the open. Still in the sixth ring. It's not going to be long. It's going to be long. It's going to be long. It's going to be long. I'm going to go with the natural order. That's full of those. That's full of those. What's the special order? I think I'm done. Stop 16. Oh, I think you're ready. Oh, there we go. Oh, my God. Wow. Oh, thank you, mate. I won the bonkers challenge. I got the shirt. I get my picture on that wall. Awesome. I've got to say it's nice to bounce back after you're actually mediating defeat by the ice cream sundae last week. Holy cow. So this is a good victory. The only thing I feel bad is physically. I feel pretty bad physically. But otherwise, I'm really happy right now. You might not be able to tell from my face because I'm crying for tears. So I guess in this video of Mike versus Food. Mike, for Mike. Yeah. All right, guys. If you like this video and you want to see me take out more food challenges, oh, yeah. They hit that thumbs up, but I'm loving that I'm going to come and say it all. Thank you all so much for watching. Thanks. Thank you all so much for watching.