 Hey guys, I'm Claudia from She Finds and today I'm going to teach you a few quick ways to get the odor and stains out of your clothes. So first thing I'm going to show you is how to get the odor and stains out of things like your cotton tops, your jeans, and even your wool sweaters. So all you're going to need is just a clean white cotton sock. I'm going to do the demonstration on a wool sweater so you could see that it really, really works. So I'm going to make a deodorant stain. You're going to put the sock on your hands like this. Okay, and all you're going to do is you're just going to rub that deodorant out of the sweater. Rub, rub, rub until it's gone. Circular motions are best. Eyvuela, no more deodorant. I suggest keeping a clean white sock in your desk throughout the office for these situations. So the sock method works in most things, but more delicate materials like leather, sometimes you're going to apply an extra step. And I'm going to show you how that's done. So what you're going to need is a bowl of lukewarm water, some gentle soap, a clean sponge, something to swish your little mixture with, and of course you're going to need your sock. So we're going to make a mixture of lukewarm water combined with a little bit of gentle soap, and you're going to swish it around until it's nice and foamy. So now you see my deodorant stain. The first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to put my clean white sock back on, and I'm going to try and rub out any excess deodorant that I can. I mean, the majority is out, but I, you know, I'm a perfectionist and I see that there's a little teeny tiny stain left. So I'm going to go ahead, I'm going to dip my sponge into the foamy part of the soap mixture only, and I'm going to just rub the stain out. And then I'm going to put my other motions up and down. And definitely I'm going to dry it with either a towel. I'll use my clean white sock to have dry. You could even finish it with some leather conditioner. It's always a good thing. And look, all gone. The internet is filled with tips on how to remove deodorant stains from your silks. Never put alcohol or anything else on your silks. Look what happened to my shirt when I tried to get a deodorant stain out. So it may be a little bit hard to see on camera, but the silks started to fade and actually a little disintegrate a little bit on the shirt after I tried to clean it with a white vinegar. The shirt started to fade over here and there, but you should definitely only take your silks to the dry cleaners and have them professionally done if you get a deodorant stain on them. So if there's anything you took away from today, it's that you should keep a clean white cotton sock and your desk drawer. For more, check out our YouTube channel, she finds media.