 Music Hello, Rose, did you take in? Do you know why the chicken crossed the road? No, why did the chicken cross the road? Oh, to get away from your salad. I have bombed. Hi, yo, they're right there. Hey, everybody. Welcome to How to Feed a Loon. I'm Chris. And I'm Wesley. The bad joke telling Loon. Well, you're usually the one that tells jokes. I know. I just say them louder and more time. With much less laughter. But anyway, I'm the Loon. Yes, yes, yes, yes. And so we are so excited because we are going to show you today how to make our most popular dish of all time. It is so hands down. Rotably yummy. These are my hands for today. I know. And mine are two. It is our best ever chicken salad. Okay, so let's do it. That's so exciting. It's so delicious. You know, this recipe, it's so unbelievably popular. I can't believe it. It gets thousands and thousands and thousands of you, immersing away. Over a million. I know. And what's the tool, me? I know. And what's great is we get so many comments from people. And they're all really, really glowing. And I know, I know, it's good because we've got to get a bad comment. Yes. Because people use it for like baby shower or a bridal shower. And you were eating it in the shower all the other day. And anyway, so let's not talking. Let's make it. So let me tell you, of course, it's chicken salad. So it's got to start with some really good chicken salad. Which I just say something real quick. Well, I don't think I could start. You have a lovely meason ploss. Thank you. See how smart I'm getting in the kitchen. Meason ploss mean everything is in place and it's all mixed up a lot easier. It really does. Especially for me. Yeah. When he puts his meason ploss. It's right now and then I have to put you in place. Yeah. But that's a lot of. I'm part of his meason ploss. Meason misploss. Anyway, let's get going on this. So let me tell you how I prepared my chicken. I think that if you're going to have good chicken salad, you've got to have really good chicken. Yeah. So I love to roast my chicken. So I get about four pounds. I usually get like the split chicken breast and skin on bone in because that's the flavor. Well, I actually bought the chicken breast. And it's called chicken breast skin on bone in split. Which is exactly what I just said. Oh, anyway. So then what I do is I then I take about two tablespoons of good like quality olive oil. I rub it on there and then I get some liberal applications of kosher salt and fresh grass. And for lobes that chicken up. And so I get it really good season. I have my oven preheated to 400 degrees Fahrenheit. And then I stick it in and I roast it for about 50 minutes. But how smells amazing when you roast it. It does smell so good. And I have a little instant read thermometer that I keep in there and I get it to about 165 degrees. Not about at least 165 degrees Fahrenheit because you want it to be fully cooked. Let it cool. Take off that skin. And then you'd pull the meat off and you kind of chop it up. And you've got the most flavorful chicken you're ever going to have. It's so moist and delicious. Of course, if you don't feel like doing that, which I really encourage you to do it. You can do it in advance. No problem. You can get a rotisserie chicken from the supermarket and shred that. That's still really good. The ones that have been there just rolling and rolling and rolling. Rotating. Yeah. But this is going to produce even much, much superior taste. Okay. So if you're in a hurry, use it. You can do that. Yeah. Just don't do that. Don't do the canned stuff. That's where I have to draw the line. But anyway. All right. Okay. So we have, we've really talked a lot. Okay. So this is of course our incredible homemade mayonnaise. You can go with a good quality store bought. That's not a problem either. Yeah. I've got about a cup of that. Now let me just start adding these, these, all of these different elements. And again, another thing that I hear back so much is that people say, you know, I loved it. But I'm not a big fan of say, almond. So I went with something of pine nuts or I did wall nuts or something. You can adapt it to your own flavor. Yes. Likings. Use the nut you love. I guess those are words to live by. Anyway, so but I love, and I have to tell you, some of these people like, I don't really like almonds. And I don't really like grapes. I've got a cup here of seedless red and green grapes. But they say, my gosh, I went ahead and tried it. It really is good. Crazy. Crazy town. This makes it believer out of so many people. Now, if you don't catch him, what he's saying with the exact ingredients, you can get them online. Yeah. How to feed a leaf dot com. That's right. Thank you. And then I've got a few ribs of celery that I finally chopped. I don't, I don't want my celery to be so big that you're like, you know, chopping into a, too big time. But it's, it's good. This is one of my favorite ingredients of all time. This is fresh dill, two tablespoons that I've chopped. And I think it's really, really good. And I think it's one of the things that makes this, what? Really of special dill. No, you always say, this is the real dill. Dill, dill. I know, you didn't say that. Well, I sort of said it. And then now this is a, this is a fresh parsley that I've chopped about tablespoon. This is three scallions that I've chopped. And I'm going to put that in all of this is just a little scallion. I think it's soup. And then this is a really nice flavor enhancer. This is a teaspoon of dijon mustard. Let's do a little. Dijon or you can use spicy, right, or the, what do you call it, dill, mustard. Yeah. Yeah. So, and then this is really important. This is of the juice of one lemon. I'd say that's about a tablespoon, but this is again lemon. The citrus always brightens up of whatever you're cooking with. So I always recommend that. Well, citrus. And then we've got, this is about a teaspoon of salt. What I would recommend is go, maybe start off with a half a teaspoon. And then, now you're tasting, if you think it needs more than a little more. Is this kosher salt? It's kosher. I love people's salt. Of course, you can. I love cooking with kosher salt just because it's got a little more texture in the flavors. Sure. Okay. And then we've got about a cup of that mayonnaise. Oh, that may have been a really good mayonnaise. This is mayonnaise. Now, you want to use, you know, your judgment on this. I don't like, I just am not a big fan of those chicken salads that are, it's like mayonnaise with a little bit of everything else. It's like, wow, it's a mayonnaise mix. You know, so I think that the ratio here, a little chicken with your mayonnaise, please. Yeah. Can I have a little chicken salad with my mayonnaise? Look at that. Doesn't that look great? Yes. And I'm telling you, the presentation is gorgeous. You can serve this over a bit of lettuce. People can have it as a salad. It's so good just by itself. The flavor, the flavor is really incredible. I just, I can mind horribly if we put a little, another pinch of black pepper in there. Sure. I like a little pepper. Well, pepper is your life. That's for sure. Okay. So now this pepper. Okay. Okay. So this is really, really great. Consistency. Yeah. I just, yeah. I'm going to go ahead and think about it. Just give me one of my own here. Thank you. So now what I would recommend, what I would definitely recommend do is, put this in the refrigerator. You can cover it with some plastic wrap. Put it in the fridge for an hour. It's really going to be nice. Yes. Flowers are going to be more. Those flavors are going to start to flower together. The meld and it's going to be super delicious. But I'm telling you, it's so gosh darn good that you could eat it right now and you'd be really, really happy. Well, then I'm going to eat it right now. I have a piece. Because I have a croissant. I love croissant. I love croissant. These little croissants that you can buy at the store. Usually they have them in the bakery. Yeah. They're great on a croissant. And they're not like the full-fledged ones. They're kind of like little sandwich croissants. Perfect for this great chicken salad. Now of course, you could add some lettuce to this. You could just talk in the hammer. Well, you talk a lot. So I'm trying to do. I'm a talker. All right. Oh my gosh. I'm talking to that. That's taboo. Chicken salad going in my mouth. Mm-hmm. Meeting it like a taco. Chicken salad taco. Oh, that's a good idea. Mm. Mm. Is it good? It's amazing, isn't it? Oh, man. I can't. I can't explain. But I'm going to try. Okay. The dill and the grapes. And that also, that homemade mayonnaise. Yeah. Just, it's something that, and then you get a crunch of that, that, um, all of the celery. All the, um, but it's not too nothing. No, it's, it's, it's like God said, you know what? This is the perfect chicken salad. Let there be chicken salad. So horrible that I just did a comparison of God created. Well, it's, it's, it's heavenly. It's that good. But I also tell you that I think that the, the roasting, the chicken that way, the chicken is really moist. It's hands down delicious. That is 100%. Lunaproot. I had a pretty good idea that that was going to be Lunaproot. Now you can give this recipe and many more on howtofitloon.com. That's right. And be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel so you can get recipes like this. And many, many more. And join in on all the fun to subscribe. Yeah. I got to eat those. It's not delicious. Oh, chicken. Across the road. Across the road. Mmm. Across the road. They have jerked in the front of the road. That is going to, um, what do you want? What do you want me to buy?