 Hello, I'm Gemma, I'm from Pramsandorities Cupcake. I really want to show you how to make some awesome cupcakes. The first thing you need to do apart from having cupcakes obviously is to learn how to make perfect buttercream so we're going to do that right now. Buttercream obviously has butter in it. You're going to need 200 grams of this. You want to make sure that your butter is nice and soft. This one's straight out the fridge so like if I tried to use this it would be really difficult whenever I take it out of my mixer. I'm maybe my soul. I'm going to use this free standing mixer. I'm just going to turn this on and we're going to have it going on like a medium speed. If you don't have one of these you can use like a hand blender. They're ones with the two prong mixer things that go in. They're pretty good actually for small quantities. If you're really old school you can do it with a wooden spoon but you know get ready to pump because that is hard. As you can see it's so much paler than a wooden it went in and it's like fluffed itself up. Now it's ready to have some icing sugar put in so this is 450 grams of icing sugar which I've sifted. I'm just going to sling half of that in. Starting on a low speed which is really important because if you don't you're going to end up with a face full of icing sugar which has happened to me in many times. Let's get this stuff in. And just do exactly the same thing as you did a minute ago. Just start slow and increase the speed. People always ask us how we get our buttercream to be so white. The only trick to really pale and really lovely soft-smooth fluffy buttercream is time. A lot of people just rush it and end up with something really thick and stodgy and kind of like plaggy. This doesn't make a very tasty cupcake so just give it some patience. Patience is a virtue. Now we're going to add some milk to make it really lovely. Right down to the minimum speed. Two tablespoons for this amount. No matter how good these mixes are, they'll always be a bit it can't reach either at the bottom or around the side or both. So you get your spatula in there and give it a bit of a poke around just to make sure all of that stuff is getting next up as well. I want to put some vanilla extract in. For this amount of icing maybe like half a teaspoon. Use the good stuff. Don't use vanilla essence. I don't even know what that is. It's gross. Buttercreams ready. Oh yeah. Really soft and velvety and fluffy and gorgeous and yummy. I should also taste good. Hopefully there's no way it's not going to taste good. So before you start just get your utensil whatever you've got. I'm using a spoonula. It's kind of like a spoon, kind of like a spatula. It's a spoonula. But you can use anything really. Palette knife, skid or even a teaspoon would work. To cover a cupcake with buttercream you want about this much to start with. Like a squash ball bounce. Grab your cake. We're going to plop the icing on and then we're going to bounce it around at the same time as turning the cake like this. So here it goes. Plop. And then plop, turn and bounce. Kind of like tapping your head and rubbing your tummy at the same time a little bit. But once you have a few goes at it you'll probably get the hang of it. So you've got to cover the whole cake but be mindful that you're not splushing it all over the sides. And then once you get to the top just give it a little flourish like that. You want to make sure that your buttercream is still wet so don't wait too long before you sprinkle it. And then when you get around to sprinkling it just grab some and just from my height just kind of sprinkle. So there we have it a beautifully hand iced buttercream cupcake for you to eat or share or just eat.