 METALIC Hello guys, today we prepare another sure mint that we have in Italy, in the center of Italy. It is called copiette di meiable. The literally rosloite is pork's capels. I don't know why it's called in this way. You need 500g of pork loin, 150ml of water, 13g of salt, 1 tsp rosemary, 1 tsp garlic, 1 tbsp fresh oil, 1 tsp paprika. After you will need the chili or the pepper, it's up to you. But you will see this in few days. Now we should take the meat and remove the fat and cut the meat in spring, like your small finger of the end. And after you put in the mix, like in the jar, in the fridge. Every day you take the jar, you mix again very well the meat with seasoning. And after you put in the fridge again for 3 days. So now I prepare all the ingredients after I cut the meat and put in the fridge. See you in 3 days. After 3 days in the fridge, we can take our meat, we can remove from the liquid and put on the baking pot like this one. I will make half in one pot, half in another, because I will dress one with the chili pepper and one with the black pepper. We put up the salad and tomorrow we will turn our meat. So in 2 days we will be dry enough. But we will see if you do this in the winter, you can put on the heater in the past, past years. When they make these in Italy, they put in front of the oven and they dry in few days. Or when they add the wooden oven, when they are finished to bake the bread. And they always start to become cold, they put the meat inside in this way they dry the meat. But now, I don't know if you have this opportunity, but I am that the sun, you are sure that the sun is strong enough to dry our meat. Ok, let's do it. Ok, we chill it and we black pepper. Now we put under the sun, if it can be that the fly is rather inside can go on the meat, you can cover with an egg. See you in 48 hours. So today I forgot to say that when it's night you should put the meat inside. If not outside is too much humid. After 12 hours we put the meat under the sun, we can turn and put the pepper and the cheese on the other side. Naturally, tomorrow morning we put the game under the sun. Ok, after 2 days and half, under the sun and during the night I keep the meat in the oven. Ok, after 2 days and half, under the sun and during the night I keep them in the fridge with the baking pot directly. You can put and keep in a jar like this one with something that close the jar, automatically. Because if not, if you put open in the fridge they will be more dry and become like a stone. You can keep like this maybe 2 weeks but when you start to taste it you will finish in a few days, maybe in few hours. Now I prepare everything, I open one of my own beer and I will test it for you. Very yummy, let's try with that own beer. Spetagra together, that's perfect. Ok guys, remember to subscribe to the channel, to leave me a like to watch all the other videos. If you subscribe, you will receive all these information and all these recipes, especially the Italian ones. Because many ask me to make Italian foods so that they can make all similar country. If you have some requests, please let me know, write me a comment. Bye bye.