 Hey everyone, welcome back to Pents of Chile. I hope you guys are doing good. Today I'm going to share my version of chicken spaghetti with you guys. It's a very simple recipe to be honest, but I just love it and I wanted to share it with you. So let's get started. I start by taking some veggies. Now here I've used carrots, spring onions, bell peppers, green and red, and some sliced mushrooms, and one big green chili finely chopped. It's totally up to you to be honest. You can use any other vegetable you want, but this is what I have and this is what I'm going to use. I here have one piece of breast fillet sliced, one teaspoon of salt, one teaspoon of crushed red chili flakes, and half a teaspoon of black pepper powder. For the sauces, I have one tablespoon of vinegar, one tablespoon of soy sauce, and one tablespoon of fairy-paris sauce. This is my favorite brand, but you can definitely choose whatever you want. Then I have around two tablespoons of roasted semi-dried tomatoes and garlic sauce, and two tablespoons of tomato ketchup or tomato sauce for whatever you guys call it. We start by taking about a teaspoon of garlic paste in some oil in a wok and stir it till it is slightly golden brown. You then add the chicken to it and keep stirring it till the chicken has changed its color and it's not totally raw. When you think you're done, then start by adding all the sauces. In goes to vinegar, the fairy-paris sauce, the soy sauce, and all the dry ingredients. Just make sure you do not add the roasted tomato and the garlic sauce at the stage. We add all the dry spices, the tomato ketchup, and the soy sauce, the fairy-paris sauce, and the vinegar, and stir it well. Once you think that you have incorporated all the ingredients in the chicken by stirring it well, cover it with a lid and let it cook for around 15 to 20 minutes till the chicken is done. Once you think the chicken is done, take it out and add in the same wok, the sliced mushrooms, and stir fry it at around medium to high flame until the mushrooms are done. This is the point when you add in the remaining of the veggies and again stir fry it at medium to high flame until the rawness has disappeared. They are a bit soft, make sure you do not overcook it because that's not what we're looking for. We want the fresh veggies and the flavor to still be there in the dish. When you think the veggies are done, add in the cooked pasta and the cooked chicken and stir it really well. This is the point where you add the sauce that I didn't ask you to add in the beginning of the recipe. Now is when you add in the 2 tablespoons of roasted tomatoes and garlic sauce and give it a good stir until it's all well incorporated in the pasta. Oh my god guys, you really have to give this one a try. It's super easy, super simple, and amazing and taste. I would love you guys to make this. tag me at Pinshav Chilli on Instagram and leave me comments in the video below. Please subscribe to my channel. Thank you for stopping by and supporting what I do. I will catch you with a new recipe very soon. Till then, take care and happy eating!