 Hi, Aloudisha and today I'll be teaching you an old wonderful dessert for the holiday season. Today I'm going to teach you how to make it's a banana split. It's a famous American dessert and was created in the Tso, Pennsylvania in 1904, the Dr. Strickler of pharmacists. Will you be wondering why? Why would you create this wonderful dessert? Well, he watched young people enjoy soda pops and floats and inspired him to make this creation that a nearby college students would crave. It was a hit. They spread the word and started coming to his downtown pharmacy for the tree. He loved his creations so much that he went and had a local Pennsylvania glass cupiddy create this banana boat dish to hold his Sunday. So before I make our banana split, we're going to learn a little bit about the place they came from. Pennsylvania State Capitol is Harrisburg. The State population is about 12.3 million. The State Bar is a mountain moral. The State bird is a rushed gross. The State model is virtue, liberty and gender purpose. So let's hop right into this. So this dish you're going to need a banana, one scoop of vanilla, chocolate and strawberry ice cream. You're going to need your pineapple, chocolate, walnuts and mercino cherries. And then for your sauces, you're going to need Hershey's strawberry syrup and Hershey's chocolate syrup. And for the top, you're going to need your whipped cream. So we're going to cut a banana in half like the wise. Okay. So you have your banana sliced and half you're going to place it in the boat like this. Now we're going to put the ice cream. You're going to take one scoop of vanilla. Once scoop of strawberry and once scoop of chocolate. And then we're going to put the toppings on. We're going to put chocolate sauce on the chocolate. We're going to put strawberry on the strawberry. Once you put your strawberry on, you're going to take some pineapple. And you're going to put it on the vanilla ice cream. Just like that. Then once you finish with that, you're going to take your whipped cream. Take your walnuts. And then you're going to put your banana on. And then you're going to put your banana on the strawberry. And for the very last touch, you're going to take your marshy nut cherries. And you're going to put them on top. And then you're going to put the chocolate on top.