 My name is Mark Bauer with Bauer Small Engine Repair. I would like to show you how to clean an air filter on a lawn mower. This cover snaps on. There's a little tab here. You just pull that out and the air filter comes off. As you can see, this one's dirty. The way this filter functions is it pulls air from the top and comes out the bottom. As you can see, the filter is doing what it's supposed to be doing. It's pulling the dirt didn't go all the way through it. It's stopped right here. This particular filter is cleaned and oiled and the oil is actually what stops the dirt. Otherwise, it would travel right through the phone. It's knocked off the heavy stuff. Now I'll clean it in the sink with some soap and water. I like to use hot water. And it's done works well because it cuts grease, but any kind of dishwasher and liquid would work well. Make sure your rinse out all the soap. Squeeze it out real well. It came out really clean. Now I usually just take some paper towels and squeeze it hard. It gets off all the excess water. The best way is just to lay that out in the sun and let it dry. It will take probably an hour or so to dry in the sun. Now that our filter is clean and dried, put the oil on there and squeeze it out. If you want to avoid the mess and getting oil on your hands, you can just simply take that element and get a bag. Plastic bag doesn't have to be a zip lock. You can put about a teaspoon or so of oil in there. Then you want to just work that into the element. You want to squeeze that and work that into where the filter has oil going all the way through it. There again, the bag just keeps you from getting that oil all over your hands. Then you just simply throw the bag away when you're done. Once it looks like the oil is in there and saturated all the way through, then what I like to do is just take a clean paper towel and you just put it in the bag. Put it around it and you can just squeeze that into that paper towel. Now all this is doing is removing the excess. You don't want to have the oil to where it's dripping out of the filter. It'll drip down on the carburetor and cause you a hard starting problems. Once you're done, you can take it out. You have a nicely oiled filter and your hands are relatively clean. You just throw that in a trash can. Then just put your filter in the same direction. Make sure it fits in there nice. Nicely, it doesn't have a bunch of gaps around it. Then simply take your lid and there's a little tab on the back on this particular model. You want to pay attention to those little details. Make sure that is in that little slot like that. Then there's a little tab up here. It goes over and that's it. Make sure it's on there nice and tight. That's how you clean and service a lawnmower air filter.