 Hey, this is Chef Reming here at CookingOneOnOne.com. And today's recipe we're going to do a salmon pillo pastry. So what we're going to use in our salmon pillo pastry today is we're going to take two, six to eight ounce portions of salmon. We've got our pillo pastry and now you can find this in the freezer but you want to thought it really well before you start doing the recipe. We've got some feta cheese and we've got some spinach. So you're going to start off and lay your pillo pastry dough right here. Now I'm using a little lemon pepper, seasoning just for the, maybe a half a teaspoon on each one. And this just gives a salmon a little extra flavor in there. You can use whatever you want. You can use caging or seafood spice. And then you're going to take your salmon, try and put the thick edge to the outside and the thin to the inside. Just like that. And then you're going to take your spinach, break it up. Put it all in here. Like that. And then just take your feta cheese. And you can put as much as you want in there if you want a little healthier then you don't have to use as much feta cheese. Put the salmon in the spinach are quite healthy so this is a good meal for people that want to watch their weight. Okay, so we did about a half a cube there. And then all you're going to do, put all this up and fold it over. Just do it like a wrap. And you want to try and keep it as square as possible so that when you cook it in the oven and it comes out, it looks really nice. And you leave the end of the flap you want it down when you put this in the oven. And then you just take the ends and fold them over because you're going to get about two to three portions out of here depending on how much you like to eat. Okay, so on this final pastry here, you can see how thin these are. This is one sheet. Now on my final pastry here, my salmon pastry, I've used about six sheets. You can use anywhere from four to seven. It's pretty good, but six sheets you can see this is nice and firm. And the flap is ready here. You want to make sure that's down in your pan. I'm going to pan here with some parchment paper and that's all I'm doing. I'm throwing that in for 350 degrees for about 25 minutes. Okay, it looks like our salmon pie dough pastry is done. We've got some lettuce here and we're just going to set it on top of. And again, this is only I've got to cut the two pieces. You can make it three or four whatever you like. And that is your salmon pie dough pastry. For all you fish lovers out there, this recipe is guaranteed not to disappoint. Anyway, that's our recipe for today on cooking one on one.com. If you have any questions or concerns, you can reach us to the website. So this is Chef Ramirez and we'll see you next recipe.