 I'm Dr. Josh Jackson, welcome to my kitchen. Today we're going to be making salmon patties, which is one of my favorite recipes they taste great and very, very easy to make. So I'm going to walk you through right now what you need to do to make salmon patties. So the first thing you need is of course salmon. And what I do is go to the store and get wild caught red salmon. And usually it doesn't cost too much. You can find this in any grocery store. And what you're going to do is basically just take an opener here. Go ahead and get the can open. And you're going to put it into a mixing bowl. Okay, so I'll take the salmon here and actually just go ahead and put it right into the mixing bowl. Okay. All right, the next thing we're going to do is we're going to add egg. Okay, so we get organic free-range eggs. That's going to kind of help hold everything together. Okay, that's what we use the egg for making these salmon patties. So crack the egg open there. Okay. Next thing we're going to do is add in some onion. Okay, this is freshly chopped onion. Add that in the ingredients there. Then I'm going to take some dill. Okay, you can get fresh dill or where it's already chopped up for you. So quite a bit of dill in there. Shake it up there. And then a few more things. We're also going to add some sea salt. I just kind of sprinkle that in. And usually do about a half a teaspoon of dill. And then about a teaspoon or about a half a teaspoon of sea salt. And then one of the last things we're going to add in are crackers. Okay, and so what I actually personally get is what are called marries gone crackers. And these are made with flax seeds and with brown rice. And so they're very healthy again. You don't want to use that. I know growing up my family used to use white saltine crackers, which is basically like white goop. It's going to go to turn to sugar right in your bloodstream. And we use this gluten free marries gone crackers. And so what you're going to do is just take a bag here. And we'll take this bag. And you actually, if you have a rolling pin, you can roll over it. I typically make things pretty quickly. So I can grab a bag and get it again somewhere. And just kind of smash the crackers up in the bag like this. And then just kind of dump the crackers there. Just kind of empty them out right there. Put that back. And the final thing is we're actually going to start cooking them now. But I'm going to add some oil in the pan. I use coconut oil. Another great option is using grape seed oil. So grape seed oil, coconut oil, or organic butter are all good options for making these salmon patties. The next thing I'm going to do is go ahead and start mixing this up. And I just get my hands. You can do this with a fork as well. But typically, you really need to use your hands kind of get in there. Get everything mixed up. And so just take it and just start kind of getting it like this. Make sure that egg yolk, all of that's just mixed in together. Usually you'll mix it here about 30 seconds or so. And the next step here is making these into patties. Okay, that's going to be the next thing. So let's see here we got this all mixed up. And on average, I usually, this can make about three or four patties. And so next thing here, just going to kind of get it into a ball. Take it once I get it here over the skillet and kind of drop it in. Get it cook in there. Do a few more again. This can probably make about four patties. So it can feed anywhere from two to four people. All right, welcome back. It's time to flip the salmon patties now. And one other thing, once you get them in the pan, it's good to get your spatula and just kind of press down there on the salmon patties. Just kind of getting them in the shape and getting them a little bit more firm. Now the other thing you want to do is cook it on medium heat. So anywhere from medium to medium high heat is the heat you want to cook the salmon patties on. So next step here, I'm going to flip these. So you just kind of get under there like so. Flip them in. You kind of wait until it's a nice kind of golden brown. And so you're going to want to cook these salmon patties about five minutes on the first side and about three to four minutes on the flip side. Okay, so total of about eight to ten minutes is how long you're going to cook these salmon patties. And when you're taking a minute and you express to you how beneficial these salmon patties are for your health. And so number one thing it has in it is salmon. And salmon is known for omega-3 fatty acids. That's why there's trends out there today where people are taking fish oil, condover oil, salmon oil, crude oil, and these different types of oils that are full of omega-3 fat. And there's a type of omega-3 fat called DHA and EPA. So EPA and DHA have shown to be really beneficial in terms of decreasing inflammation in your system. Also they found women who are pregnant need to have DHA. Very, very important for childhood development. Next thing we want to show that we put in there were eggs. And organic eggs are really good for your health. I know sometimes people have been a little bit worried about the benefits of, or actually some of the damaging side effects of eggs because of cholesterol. But truthfully, the cholesterol here isn't going to increase your cholesterol. If anything, it would reduce it because it has what's called a colon and lessethin. And colon and lessethin are found in the egg yolk and that will naturally drop down your cholesterol levels. A few more things we have here. Again, these mayors gone crackers. These have flax seeds in them. Another good type of omega-3 fat has brown rice, sesame seeds, and quinoa. And so it's organic grains and seeds. And so again, a lot of good fiber in here. A lot of actually pretty high in protein, good vitamins and minerals there as well. The dill is really just a great herb. I'm actually full of nutrients as well. Looking at, like we talked about the sea salt. The sea salt doesn't just have sodium, but also has this Celtic sea salt, has magnesium and potassium in it, which are great electrolytes, help your body recover faster. And then onion. And onion is full of what's called allocin and sulfur. And so similar to garlic, it's going to have a lot of antibacterial properties and help detox and cleanse your system. Okay, ready to serve. So I'm going to go ahead and just get these salmon patties off the plate here. Off the pan, under plate. And they're ready to eat. And there are several ways you can eat salmon patties. My favorite thing to do is actually use either organic, ketchup, or organic barbecue sauce. And they get organic, and these natural organic barbecue sauce here. And basically when you're looking at barbecue sauce, just read the label. You know, we see here as water, tomato paste, apple cider vinegar, stone ground mustard, cloves, sea salt. And so it has a really a lot of healthy ingredients in there. And you can pick up organic barbecue sauce at Whole Foods and Natural Health Food Store, basically anywhere you go. So we can salmon patties, do some, you know, anything you want to dip it in. They're great plain, but again, you do with barbecue sauce. You can do it with ketchup and serve it with a side of veggies.