 Hey, Brandy. Today what I want to do is we're just going to dwell on something we want to do and we want to do this for a while. We do like an alchemical kitchen, I think, because in our mind, we've had old food preservation techniques. Brewing, herbalism all led up into alchemy, the Renaissance period. Up to that point, people basically just preserved foods. That was a major thing in ancient times, there's a lot of attributes to them. They're probiotic. Somebody's a prep or stuff like that, being familiar with how to preserve foods or have foods that are fermented and care for them and culture them. It's a way of not only preserving it, but also not wasting stuff, which I guess is preservation. What we're going to do today is we're going to make sardine milk, which is sour milk. I've heard it call sap before we don't know if that refers to actual traditional butter milk, which is actually when you churred butter and a lot of European butter are made from sour creams that are slightly sourd. When you skim cream off of milk, when it separates, the milk has bacteria in it. If you store it in a root cellar and a cool environment like in the northern countries, it'll last a while, but eventually it starts to sour. If you were to have whole milk, which a lot of times I drink whole milk that's raw from a great A.A. dairy, which we don't have today. We can do this later. I'll show you how to make sour milk or sour milk from that. It's really better, but if you don't have that ability, what you can do is buy butter milk that's actually cultured, make sure it has live cultures in it, which this one I'm sure of because I buy it regularly, and I do make more butter milk out of it. I like whole butter milk. They don't sell whole butter milk. They give you 1% note fat, which I like whole. We're going to take whole milk here, and I've used this down to about here about a quarter, about here, and it's time to make more. I use these containers and just pour this milk in here. The thing with this, if you're really careful, you can just pour it in here on top of the other milk. It's a starter to continually keep doing this. The only thing that I can say about this is if you feel like these plastics are dangerous in some way, they're food-grade plastics, and you would like to do this in a sterile jar, you can do that as well. Make sure whatever you sterilize the jar with will not kill your bacterial cultures, or of course you're not going to go without butter milk here into some nasty. This shouldn't take more than 8 hours or so. They say overnight. It could take longer, but you don't want to fill it all the way up. Make sure you have room to shake it. We don't want to put this cap on of that. Put this one on here. You want to shake it up really, really good. This is basically all you're going to do. If you're shaking this up, and we've got it all shook up, and we've set it right here, we're just going to set it out somewhere where it won't be bothered. You don't want to get too hot, of course, but just room temperature. If you have a 70 degree house, 80 people complain to say hot, but it's not bad, we're just watching it more closely. As soon as this thickens up, and you can tell it's fairly thick, you can tell when you shake it. It's going to be time to test it. See if it tastes properly smell it first, look at it. We'll put it in the glass. We'll do that later when it comes back when this is ready, so I'll show you what it's supposed to look like and taste like. Anything else to say about it? About 8. It could be quicker. It depends on how strong your culture is. If we were to do this with raw milk, we would set it out longer, possibly, for it to thicken up, and then keep adding more milk to it and letting it thicken up until it's got a good strong culture. That's how you just make a culture like this. But this, of course, from the store, it's going to be one bacterial culture, but if you keep refurbishing it, making it, it may slightly change flavors, because you will get all the bacteria that are symbiotic that won't harm you that might start living in it. Because you've got lactic acid in it, and nothing bad is going to grow in the milk, because it's going to, if it's sour like it's supposed to be, it tastes pleasant, which may be a little sweeter than what you get at the store, especially using whole milk, it's fine. Because the lactic acid is what preserves this product. It's just like if we make sour crumbles, we'll show you how to do that later, and I'll show you how to make cheese and whey out of this, and we might even try preserving some meats and stuff from the whey, because that was done in the Viking era, in an early period by all of our ancestors that actually used milk products. But anyway, put this back in the fridge, leave this out somewhere, and just let it sit where nobody will bother it, you should be good. We'll be back to check it in a bit. Back, and it's been about 12 hours for throughout this milk. Seems promising, it sounds really thick and good. We did 12 hours. It might be already 7-8 hours, you want to know what consistency you want and the tartness you like, as long as it smells good, tastes properly like a fermented product should. You should have no problems. This will give you warning. If for some reason you take this stuff and you leave it out all night, let's say 8-12 hours, and it seems like just milk has been set out all night. It was a little tartness from what you added. The chances are your cultures are not very strong, or they're dead. So if that happens, you can leave it longer if you choose, but I would not go over 18-24 hours. If it's not thick, it's supposed to be in taste right. It tastes like just milk set out, just throw it out and start over. That's what I would advise. But we're going to go ahead and try this out here, and what else was I going to say about it? Oh, if you've ever had milk go bad in the fridge, you know how I'm putrid that isn't nasty that smells? That's because it's pasteurized. They pasteurized milk because they believe somebody back, and I don't know exactly what year got tuberculosis from cows when it was a big epidemic. And Louis Pasteur got a Nobel Prize for saving most people, but there's no proof that cows ever carried tuberculosis, nor gave anybody to tuberculosis. It was more of an idea that everybody came up with, whether it was true or not. But the thing I'm saying is it's basically, you know, it's all right to use pasteurized, homogenized milk if it's not going to hurt you. It will work, and we'll see how we got here, what it looks like. Pour some in a glass, it should be really thick. This is a used whole milk. This stuff's going to be extremely thick. I don't know what you're going to say, but I want you to see the coating on the glass. This is the thing you want to look for. I might reverse it here so I can just show you. But this is what you want to see. See how I'm doing this? And we're rolling it around the glass, and we got this nice thick coating. I'll give that one back to him. But in a second, I'm going to set that down. We're going to get a nice light and moat pattern that will start farming. They'll start streaking. It's beautiful. You know, watch it. I won't see it. So the other thing I kind of go by, I go by the consistency and how well it turns out. And if you look at this, you can see the streaking start. If we let it set a second, it will be more extreme. I want to taste it real quick while we're doing it. It's not bad at all. It could go a little bit longer for darkness, but I put it in the fridge and let it cure that way. Our ancestors would take this stuff and store it in a root cellar, or they would store it in a cool area if it was cool during that time of year, and just put a lid on it. Over time, if it started getting mold on top or something, we've heard they just scraped it off because it's like a cheese, and it's still drinking. Now, I don't know what advice doing that, but I'm just saying for survival circumstances, you might want to know something like that. Also, if you, before you guys freak out, you know that I do a low, a low carb high fat diet. That's why I used a whole fat milk. This is low carbohydrate. This is probably not five or six grams of carbohydrates per glass, instead of what this says, 14 grams. The government does not allow them to count what bacteria does to ferments like this, because it's not a, what is it, a process? It's not, it can't be judged exact. That'd be the way to put it. Depending on how long it's set on the shelf, you may have more or less carbohydrates. Like I said, it goes down to about three, four grams of carbohydrates per glass, depending on how hard it is. And this is fresh, so I'd say maybe four or five somewhere around, maybe six, I don't know. But it's very low carbohydrate. There's a lot of fat in it, so it's going to fill you up quickly. You'll see if we got those, that pattern going, you can see it, right? It may take a little bit longer, but you'll see it starts doing a streaking pattern on the glass. Because I call them lightning loads, and it's like lightning loads, so start taking the glass. But you can see how colorly glass this is very good. And you shall should try it out. If you're lactose intolerant, elgrim was, and it will easily assumed he was, because he's not going to be able to do that. He assumed he was, because he had a mild problem when he did dairy products. He started drinking real firm-minute cultures like this, and it actually reversed his problem. So if his stuff really really hurts you, I wouldn't advise you to, you know, and buy it, and then, you know, get sick by it. You take small quantities of this, and it actually helps you, it might actually reverse the, uh, reverse the problem. Try to think of one other thing I wanted to cover. Oh, it's good for your bacterial flora. Let's say if you just did a regimen of antibiotics, like I did on my hand, they made me take them. I know only don't take antibiotics. This is really good for your stomach, and it'll reverse a lot of problems, or your digestive problems you get from antibiotics making you feel weak, so. Alright, this is really, really good. We're going to start doing this for you all. We're going to show old food preservation techniques. They're good for purpose. What have you? People who are in historical recreation, reenactment. People just want to know about history, and what we want to know is what would you like us to call a program? Elgrim likes the idea of Fran can cook, but I always wanted to call it alchemical kitchen, or should we just label them whatever they are? Just let us know. Put it in the comments down below. If you'd like us to label these, so you know which these videos are, what we're doing with herbalism. We're talking about old food preservation techniques, bread making, al making, meat making. We'll have meat recipes, and we'll do them with wild yeast. Let me know. So what we'd like to know.