 Hi, I'm Manju. Welcome to Sharing Cooking Secrets. I wanted to show you a praline with mixed nuts. It's a cup of sugar and I've got half a cup of mixed nuts like I've got almonds, I've got pistachios and cashew nuts. So first of all we need to melt the sugar. Keep a high heat first and then we'll lower it. I have some foil paper here which I have greased with some oil and it's the shiny side up and also I have my rolling pin ready which I've greased as well. Keep that here ready. Keep stirring the sugar so you get a nice even colour and I like to lower the heat down at this point because the sugar is going to melt really fast and watch it carefully. As soon as all the sugar has melted I'm going to add the baking powder and the nuts. Alright the sugar has melted. I'm going to turn this off and I'm going to add a big pinch of baking powder. Mix it well and we'll add the nuts. Keep stirring and pour this on your foil paper. Now wait for a minute, not a minute maybe 30 seconds. Just let it cool down a little bit and then we'll roll it. Just have to be a little patient. If you start too soon all the sugar is going to stick onto your rolling pin. If the sugar becomes too hard then it's really difficult for you to roll it out. Be careful you don't get the sugar on your skin because this will really burn badly. Before this hardens you can make knife marks on it and cut it into squares. So you've got to work a little fast. And now wait for this to cool down. This looks so pretty. Again you can use this on your cake decorations and you can also use them just to eat just like that. And also you can add a lot of other things. Nowadays you get so many different types of seeds. You can add all the types of seeds you like. You can add sesame seeds. You can add some cardamom, some saffron. So the more you add the more beautiful it's going to look and it also tastes nice. So just waiting for it to cool down then I'll just break it up so it'll just break where I've made this the cuts. So let's see if this is cooled down. So these will break where I've made the knife marks. These are so much better than the shop bought ones. These are really nice to put on your cakes. I hope you like this and I hope you try it. And let me know how you got on. You can also use the praline in your salads. Break them up into smaller pieces and they give them really nice crunch to your salad. You can store your praline in an airtight container. You don't have to keep them in the fridge just in the normal room temperature. And if you're lucky they're last a week. You can even just put them in a ziplog packet like this. You can even just put them in a ziplog packet like this. And with your rolling pin just dash this up. There you are. Here's your praline. Okay that's easy.