 Hey I'm Curtis Stone. I want to introduce you to one of my favorite tools in the kitchen. It's this guy called a Japanese mandolin. It's got a little lever here with a razor blade in there. It sounds really simple and it is but it can help you get beautiful really fine cuts of vegetables. So if you're looking at something like a fennel for instance then you just trim it up and you want it really nice and fine because fennel is actually delicious raw in a salad. So what you do is you have that on a pretty close setting because you can this comes up and down so you can adjust it. Then what you do is you just run your fennel and you get these beautiful really fine little thin slices of the fennel like that. Now you'll notice I'm keeping my hand well away from that sharp razor blade and that's important and then you get all of this stuff that's just perfect to go and throw right into a salad or or something like that you get that nice crunchiness. Beautiful with seafood. Okay so that's one way to use it. You can use it for all sorts of vegetables as well of course so something like a carrot. If you want to do thin slices you just go like that and you've got beautiful thin slices of carrot. If you wanted to do a julienne and sometimes you hear this in a recipe and you think how on earth do I get a julienne. All you need to do you can do it with anything. So I'll show you what there's a keeni for instance and a carrot. Why not? A soft vegetable like this goes through really easy so you can go ahead and take your little I call them teeth. You put this into the back of the mandolin tighten it up on both sides and then it's going to give you a whole different cut. Okay make sure it's in there nice and tight and then you can go through with user keeni and it won't just slice it for you it'll actually cut it into beautiful long strips. Okay now you don't want to cut your finger so make sure you use the guard and just start from back there and then if anything happens it's going to actually hit the guard and not your finger so you don't have to be too worried about it. Okay so see how you get beautiful pieces as a keeni and of course that can be done with many different sizes you can do it with the extra fine one where you can do it with the really big thick one. So I think it's a really helpful little tool in the kitchen you can do everything from vegetables of course things like apples and beautiful little radishes even really thin slices of garlic if you if you ever want to do a really thin sauce or blusket or something like that there's so many different things to let the mandolin help you out in the kitchen with so get your hands on one there cheap you can you can pick one up pretty reasonable and I think you'll have a lot of fun with it enjoy.