 Hello and welcome to Raskar Papercraft YouTube channel. Today I want to show you how to make this 3D origami portrait. This is a dwarf or a dog, a husky dog or something like this. This is probably the most difficult model I have done ever so. It's made from above 2000 pieces. I will put in the description the exact number of the pieces. I make this one from small pieces. 64 pieces from an A4 sheet of paper. But I think that you can do this model even with bigger pieces. 32 pieces for an A4 sheet of paper. Alright, this model has 57 rows or is on normal rows. The third row has 41 pieces and then next one 40, then alternate one row 41 and one row 40 pieces. Let's see how to make this model. For making this model we need 3D origami piece. We need 3 colors, black, white and cream. I make this model from small pieces but you can make this one from bigger pieces too. I make this one from pieces that I will obtain 64 from an A4 sheet of paper. But you can make this model from bigger pieces. You will obtain 32 pieces from an A4 sheet of paper. If you do not know how to make this 3D origami piece, you will have a link in the left corner of the screen. I will put in the description an exact number of the pieces. Alright, these are the first 5 rows from our tiger. First 5 rows, first row have 41 pieces and then alternate. Next row we have 40 and the next one 41. Alright, now let's put the next 5 rows. Okay, after we put 10 rows we have something like this. Okay, now let's put the next 5 rows. Okay, after we put 15 rows we will have something like this. Do not forget to use glue. And now let's put the next 5 rows. Okay, after we put 20 rows we have something like this. Okay, now let's put the next 5 rows. After we put 25 rows we will obtain something like this. Okay, now let's continue to put another row. After we put 30 rows we will have something like this. Alright, now let's put the next 5 rows. After we put 35 rows we will have something like this. Alright, now let's put the next 5 rows. Alright, after we put 40 rows we have something like this. Okay, and now let's put the next 5 rows. Okay, after we put 45 rows we will have something like this. Okay, and now let's put the next 5 rows. Alright, after 50 rows I hope that we will look something like this. Okay, and now we put the last 6 or 7 rows. Alright, let's finish this model. Alright, after 57 rows we will have something like this. Okay, if you like my videos and my models please subscribe, rate or comment. If you have any questions please ask me here or to my blog, raskawregamy.wordpress.com. Alright, have a nice day.