 Hi, I'm Kristi at One Fun Mom and on Sunday nights our family eats popcorn for dinner and it's come to my attention that maybe not everybody knows how to make popcorn on the stove. So I'm going to show you how to do it. What I do is I cut out about a quarter cup of butter, cut it into four pieces so that it melts quickly in the pot. And this is our three-court popper or also known as our three-court fan. And first we'll put the heat on. We put the heat to the valve. I do it eight on my stove, just medium high. You want it to be warm enough to wear your popcorn puffs quickly. So you turn it on and then you pour in your oil. This is three tablespoons of oil for a three-court popper. Pour it in there and it just coats the bottom. For the lid on you can see it's just coating the bottom. You can turn this right off. And then you're going to use the test kernel. So you'll put about three or four kernels of popcorn in the pan. And you'll shake it to get them all coated with oil. So shake the pan. You can get it on its cover. That's kind of noisy so we shake it off the stove. And you'll put your lid on because you want to keep the heat in there and you don't want popcorn popping all over your kitchen. So you shake it again and then you just wait. And then once they pop, you know that it's hot enough to pop that popcorn really quickly. Okay, we just turned some of the kernels popping. There we go. That was the last kernel. You want to touch the top? You've got the test kernels popped. This is about a half a cup of popcorn kernels. We'll add them. They're shaking. They're going to start popping pretty quick. So you'll add your butter quarters. Give them time to melt. You'll cover it up and then you'll shake it. You'll wait and shake it again. You add the butter in there. You want it to get to melt and coat the kernels. And then they'll start popping. The butter brings the heat temperature down just a little bit. So you have to wait a little longer. I can't wait. Now you can really hear our going. You can see it. You want to keep it popping until it flows down. There's three seconds of parts. The popcorn is three seconds of parts. But you can see it's getting more and more in the outside. You can see it's coming out. And then there's still popping pretty quick. You put it back on the stove. Now you hear it flowing down a little bit. If you leave them on now for too long, it'll start to burn. So about this time, you want to take it off. And just pour it in. And there you go. Today, I'm feeling extra fun. I like to put M&M's in the popcorn, so I do it like this. And then the kids don't always know it. They get a little surprise in their popcorn.