 Hey friends, this is Robert and Daybird Avery's. I'm in my kitchen and my old farmhouse saying, now I am thankful that the wonderful, beautiful, lovely Mrs. Daybird and all of her Romanian emotions are still at work because she would flip out several times and have a fit. Look what I'm about to do. I have absolutely no idea what has happened to this rooster. Me, him and the other chickens and the good lord above will over know what exactly has happened to this rooster. I do believe that whatever did happen, he lost. Well look, I'm going to try to give him a bite in our kitchen sink. This is a naked net. The showgirl rooster is not going to be happy. I told you he is not going to be happy. I don't think this particular rooster has ever had a bath before. I have put a towel in the bottom to keep him slipping. I'm going to get the water looking more. Jeremiah is here. Jeremiah is here. He's helping. And I hope you can see this. I'm going to use a tearless, extra gentle puppy champion. This is what I use. I do think that he's taking this guy. Yeah, I'm sure he is. And I am a girl. You're scared because we have the chicken in the house. I am scared that your mommy might be able to pull it. Oh, this rooster's mad. These kind of make a terrible poor ass. Let me move this towel and make sure we don't. I'm going to put this thing. Not to sew. I give this baby champion a hug. Oh, I know. He is not sweet. He is sweet. You love her. Oh, I have no idea. I'm going to feed that. She bites me. I'm going to feed that. Yeah. Two times, he kicks me. Basically, he falls back and he falls down. Sounds like a normal brother sister, loving relationship. So, I'm going to pause this and I'm going to come back in just a moment. It may take me 30 minutes to get this chicken cleaned out. Now, look at this. This rooster. He is one. He lives in the clock inside my green cheek, conger, aviary. There are other roosters and lots of other pins in there. This is the building. But you saw me hang that big water bucket, the drinker bucket for them. And I'm going to want to play with a zero left right now. Now, he was, he was hatched here last year. His feathers are stained. That's just the way they're going to be. They look ratty. They're broken off. These are, these are his first adult feathers from where he moved to last year. He has some pin feathers coming in. So, he is currently molting these feathers anyhow and will be replacing them. He's getting lots of high protein feed as all of my silky chickens do. And let me tell you something. It was quite difficult to try to get all of the black mud off of a white chicken that has dark skin. Look at that. Look how beautiful and purple that dark skin is. Now, I know this, there's these feathers still at dirty underneath. I understand that. I'm not trying to make him look ready for a poultry show. I just want to some of that mud off so that he can stay warm and dry. Basically, just to give him a bath. And I think he's almost enjoyed his time here in our jacuzzi. I'm not quite sure how bad I'm not trying to anchor, or purmorphize him by any means, but he has been very calm. He's a calm guy anyhow. He's quite pleasant to have and to work around. Although he doesn't need to find a new home. If you're near Central Alabama and you're looking for a naked neck, silky showgirl rooster to add to your flock. Send me a message and we can get him to you. I have his mom, his dad, his aunt, his sister, you know. It's his time. He's ready for his own flock. Obviously, he's been in a scuffle in a fight with some other roosters, possibly even his own dad. Just trying to establish a pecking order, trying to establish his own dominance. And that's how he got muddy out in the yard. Poor guy, I'm going to wrap him up in the towel. Maybe you can get the hair dryer in. And I'll show you again what he looks like once he's all dry and fluffed up. Hey guys, now look at this. This is that same rooster that was dirty and kicked in mud yesterday. Now, like I said, his feathers are stained. He needs to moat. This is his first set of adult feathers. He was hatched here last year. He needs a new home. He needs to come and live with you. He's going to be bright, but don't get white once he moats out again. He probably wishes I'd quit turning him. Look at those giant elephant ears. Look, those pretty. Look, he spent the night inside our house. I don't recommend that. He started crowing at 4am this morning. It was not fun. So there you go. That's how we bathe chickens. We don't do it often. Only add the necessity. Well, God bless you. You all have a good day. Bye-bye.