 The log furniture how to the most all inclusive side of the net for log and rustic furniture fixtures into cold. That's log furniture how to dot com. Hey, we're just putting the finishing touches on this cool new log bench. Have you seen this thing? Check it out. Yep, this is a special project we've been working on for the City of Colorado Springs Parks Department. And you're here now just in time to learn about a special new product that we're going to apply to seal and protect this log as it sits up on one of our local trails. So give me a minute to finish standing this. Then we'll take it in there and I'll tell you all about this special formula. So it looks like we've got this thing all sanded down and ready to go. But before we can start putting it together, I want to take time now to individually seal each wooden part. And that's exactly what today's video is all about. Today we're going to be applying a new product. And if you've ever gone to your local home improvement store, you know there's hundreds of products out there that promise all sorts of good stuff. But today we're excited to announce we've got our hands on a scientifically engineered new product called ZR44. Now this zero VOC completely green sealer is so exclusive we could only get it from a local dealer and this little court can't. Now this stuff is completely solvent free. It's harmless to animals, plants and our environment. And if you want to learn more about it, you can click the link in the description box below or simply go to Colorado Springs Deck Restoration.com. So I'm going to get this thing opened up and we're going to start applying it right now. Now like many other water based wood sealers, ZR44 simply brushes on with a simple paint brush. So we'll spend the next few minutes and brush this stuff on. Then we'll give it time to dry and get this thing put together. And while this stuff comes in different shades, here you can see we're using the all natural which just brings out the natural beauty of the wood. Here let's set this base aside and we'll get started on the main log. And you can really see here how it just leads that log as natural as can be. So we'll get this stuff spread all over this whole, both bases and then we'll get this thing put together. Now I appreciate you taking time to watch this video. And if you haven't done so already, you need to be sure to click subscribe and come on back next time and see where this bench is headed. This has been Mitchell Duman reminding you to check out Colorado Springs Deck Restoration.com. We'll see you again next time.