 Hey guys, so I stuck the car full of horse bedding, guardian horse bedding. Right? It says it's eight cubic feet. I don't know what that means. So I got 10. Just throw it into the yard and break it in. So it's evening. We have a small backyard and we have a German shuckard. As you can see the backyard I do the best I can and I roto till it every spring and recede it and I put sand in it. This is really bad construction mud. But the backyard is just mud. So every time she comes in the house we have to clean her feet which is no big deal. She sets and she waits for us to clean her feet. But we're gonna put a bunch of this cedar shavings down. I've got the idea from watching some YouTube videos on pine flakes. These are cedar flakes. Link to where you can get them delivered online. From farm and fleet. And all the other places I'll post links. So I'm gonna open these and spread them out and we're gonna see what happens because this is just a swamp. So if you got swamp, weather and the spring. You don't want your dogs running through this. This might be good for you. I think we may need more than 10 bags. We'll see how it goes. Alright, I'm moving over. Next one. So much in one spot. I got about two to three inches. It's working pretty good. I like it. It's like a big gerbil tank. Alright guys, so here it is. We're gonna go and get a couple more bags. But 10 bags took care of this. It's like 800 square feet. It's... I know it probably looks weird, but look, she can run and prowl it and zoom. And there's no mud. Cedar chips. This is exactly what you would find in like a gerbil tank, which is... I was gonna go with the bales of straw, but I couldn't find any. A lot of people use these cedar shavings or pine shavings. These are cedar and it smells really good. So I highly recommend to check the link where you can order in the video description. We're gonna get a few more of these bags just so we can place it here. We got some muddy patches. See? This stuff will go into the ground, which is gonna be good for the grass. Will my grass come back? I don't really know, but for now it's gonna be really great because she runs through all this. See, look at that mud. The yard is really not a concern because we do take her to the dog park and we do take her for daily walks. This is mainly just for her to go to the washroom in. So that's it. Thanks for watching and subscribing and give the video a like. We'll see you guys next time. Bye guys! Bye people! Bye people!