 Hey guys, welcome to Kanax Kitchen. Today I will be showing you a flat, or one-wit Italian bread that is for Kashyah. It is an easy and wonderful kind of bread, which is topped up with lots of herbs and seasoning, which is quite similar to the pizza bees. This is my favorite Italian bread which is full of flavours in it and it's not also difficult also to prepare at home. So let's quickly run through the ingredients. First up in a large bowl, take the warm water and to this I'm going to add in the yeast along with the sugar. Sugar will help in making the yeast more active. Now it's been 20 minutes. You can see it is proved and you can see it has become frothy on top. This is called the Proving of Least. To this I'm going to add in the olive oil along with some salt and some mixed herb seasoning and stir well. Next to this goes in the flour and mix well with the help of the spatula first. As the dough will be sticky at this point of time. Keep mixing it until the dough has pulled together. And now with the help of greased hands, remove the dough onto a lightly flat surface and now keep kneading the dough with some more olive oil for around 5 minutes. Keep doing this and scraping it until it becomes little smooth and elastic. Now take the dough with your oiled hands and place it into a greased baking dish. Here I've got 8 by 8 inches this baking dish which I'm going to grease with some oil first and then pat it and spread it nicely to cover the baking dish evenly all around. If you want you can use some oil in your hands if you find the dough to be too sticky. Now once this dough is nicely spread it on this baking dish, cover this with a damp cloth and keep it in a warm place for around 1 to 1 and a half hours or until it has become double in volume. Now it's been 1 hour and 45 minutes. Let's check the dough. You can see it has become double in size and it has puffed up up to the top. And now with the help of your oiled fingers punch it or prick it this way all around the dough. The dough will be bouncy at this point of time. Once it has nicely prepped all over, now brush it with some olive oil or butter on top. And next I'm going to sprinkle some chili flakes, some mixed hop seasoning and some dried rosemary over it. Next comes the sliced onions which I'm going to put all around at random. Next I'm adding some colored bell peppers all over and some olives on top. You can use any topping you like. Here I'm using some green and black olives. And now again sprinkle very little salt over the veggies and now this is ready to be. I'm going to put this into the preheated oven at 200 degree Celsius for 25 to 30 minutes or until it's baked enough with good golden brown color on top. Now it's been 30 minutes. I'm going to remove this and check. Yes it's done enough. You can see the beautiful golden brown color on top. Now I'm going to brush it with some more butter on top. And now for serving I'm going to turn this upside down onto a tray. You can see how beautifully it has come out and again inverted. And then I'm going to cut this into pieces. And now I'll show you how it looks from inside. You can see this piece of focaccia. You can see the texture of it. How nicely it has come out with the thick and fluffy texture. And when I'm pressing it it bounces back which is the sign of its sponginess. So now my lovely looking focaccia is ready to serve. So my perfectly baked focaccia is ready with all the herbs and toppings on top. You can use a variety of herbs and topping of your choice. And you can also use some caramelized onions and cheese in it. That also works great with this dish. This is a great alternative to garlic bread and you can also use this bread as an accompaniment for your dinners and soaps. So do try this easy recipe and let me know how it turned out for you. Hit the like button and subscribe to my YouTube channel Kannax Kitchen. And if you enjoyed watching the video today, do share the video with your loved ones on Facebook and Watson.