 Hello internet world. I wanted to share with you guys my sorting straw because I have not been able to find anywhere that has really any good Suggestions on how to sort your beads other than a use your fungus. I don't want to use my fungus. So I got so tired of that. I decided to whip something up and this is what I came up with is a very simple straw with kind of kind of a one-way valve on the end. Basically you just take some clear plastic tape You take a stretch of it and fold it back on itself so that you've got sticky side facing sticky side Once you got that you take a straw and it's a decent size I think I got this one from Wendy's that is big enough to fit a bead that is laying on its side so Once do that you take your straw and you can see my marker on here from when I made it you set that down on the tape that you may stick aside to sticky side and draw a circle around it with the marker. Once you end up It was a piece of tape with a circle on it that you then cut into a cross type pattern You take that and you tape that to the end of your straw just lift up the sides and tape it to itself like I did You've got tape all the way around it and then take a sharp knife I used a ceramic knife exactly knives any kind of really nice sharp knife and you cut a cross into your tape and Basically what you're left with is a straw with a one-way valve on the end mine. You can't really tell because the tape From where I cut it the cut tape is been pushed up into the straw from me picking up beads But once you've got that all set up and you because the tape kind of hugs the beads while they're in there because they push in and You can just figure out a town put your beads in something that's hard that has walls on it because if you try to use it on like Piece of cloth or something I found that the beads kind of end up popcorning when you're trying to grab any of them They just kind of jump around a lot and it's a pain like I was originally using an ironing board and they just jumped all over the place Because I'm kind of vicious with it, but basically once you've got your straw You just go to town I'm gonna pick up dark blue beads right now because I want to sort these out of here And when I pick them up they just kind of stick in the end My tape got kind of worn down So I can't really always pick up two beads that are standing on end one after the other I kind of have to alternate between Standing on end standing on its side you're much easier to pick up when they're standing on the side when they're laying down. I'm sorry Because they're a little bit longer that way and I just go to town I'm sorry if I'm not quite Facing the bowl as well as I could because I do not have a tripod because I'm not that fancy But you'll see that they do build up in the straw after time and then you can just dump them where you want them and then go back to town I will point out though that there is usually one or two beads that stay stuck at the end because the tape is still hugging it And I usually just push those out when I'm done with that particular color With either my little tweezers or chopstick or something and if your straw isn't terribly straight You may always have to push them out with a chopstick. So try to find a straw that's relatively straight And you just attack everything. It's saved me. I feel like in a lot of time Then trying to deal with Picking them up one by one especially. I mean just look how many beads are in here and you can just tear through it without having to really dig around too much I'm sure there may be a better way of doing this I'm sure I could like hire an engineer and have them make some kind of contraption that sorts it by color But I'm also not that fancy and you saw one just kind of paying around you got to be careful because the edges of the tape What kind of sand beans flying but I also on at times use them to turn beads on their end? This one's not wanting to do it. There it goes and Keep going and I've already reached I don't always pay attention. So they start coming out the top dump it and keep going And that's what I do. So I'm gonna get these all sorted out Now that I've got a side that's relatively void of the dark blue just grab some of those out and Jump them over here and Keep going. That's what I do. I Hope you guys like it have fun internet people