 Hey guys, so it used to be that I got all my recipe ideas from cookbooks and cooking magazines, but now there are a million resources online and my favorite is Pinterest. But you know, it's not just for recipes, in fact, I teamed up with some of my favorite YouTube channels to bring you guys a playlist of Pinterest inspired tutorials. So stick around after my episode today to catch the other ones and you can also find the links below. My part was inspired by a pin from the blog Mom's Crazy Cooking. It was of a really delicious looking fried mozzarella stick. So today I'm going to be doing a healthier baked version with some marinara sauce to dip it in. I'm Meg and I've passionate about finding easy, healthy, delicious recipes for kids. Well do our baked mozzarella sticks first and it's really simple. First you're going to want to find some egg roll wrappers at the grocery store. You can find them in your refrigerated section. You want some low fat mozzarella sticks, which I've stuck in the freezer, and then just a little bit of olive oil and salt. And then we'll do our marinara sauce while our mozzarella sticks are in the oven. So the egg roll wrappers are actually quite large, so I've already gone ahead and cut them in half. And then I'm going to lay it on a flat surface, take my mozzarella stick to the triangle edge of it, and just start wrapping away. And then get near the end, I'm going to fold in the edges using a little bit of water if I need it to help the edges stick down and then roll it all the way. Once it's all the way rolled up, you're just going to brush it with a little bit of olive oil. And that's just to help with crispy. And then sprinkle them with a little bit of salt and stick them on my baking sheet. And that's really it. Let's get our last one on the sheet here. And these are really great snack because you can make as many or as few as you want and put the rest of the ingredients back in the fridge. You can brush this last one with some oil. So you're going to have a turn dip thing and then sprinkle with a little salt. And then they're ready to go on the oven. So my oven's been preheated to 400 degrees. And I'm going to bake these for about 10 minutes to check on them. They will ooze a little bit, but that part that oozes onto the baking sheet is extra crispy and delicious. So while our mozzarella sticks are baking, let's make our marinara sauce. For your ingredients, you're going to need some crushed tomatoes, some olive oil, garlic, salt and pepper, and then some combination of either dry or fresh herbs, so some parsley, basil, oregano, some Italian herbs. So I'm going to get the heat out of my pan. I'm going to heat some olive oil and then add some garlic to saute. So my oil is hot. I'm going to add my garlic, which is super, super fragrant already. I'm going to get that quick saute. And then once that's golden, I'm going to add my crushed tomatoes. So once your tomatoes are in there, you're going to want to add your herbs. Today, I'm using a little bit of oregano as well as some basil. And typically, I use fresh herbs, but these are just what I have on hand today for my quick marinara sauce. And then you're going to want to let this cook for about 15 minutes until all the flavors melt. Alright, so they're ready. Perfect. A little bit of oozing, just my favorite part. And nice and crispy. Now we're just going to let them cool. Now that they're cool, they're ready to try. And the truth is, I love these as much as my kids do, so I'm so excited for them. And they're really crunchy, just like the fried variety, really oozy, but definitely healthier. So hopefully these mozzarella sticks make it into your snack rotation. Thanks for watching guys, and don't forget to stick around for the other Pinterest inspired tutorials. Yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy