 Hey guys, today's the first video in our classic cocktail series and we're going to be making you much for love, Moscow Mule. There's lots of variation for the Moscow Mule. This is the one that I personally enjoy the most. It's a little bit of work, but when you taste it, I think you'll understand why we do it the way we do it. It's something that people have been making since the 40s. It's my understanding of the cocktail. So let's get started. As soon as the Moscow Mule is in a combination of vodka and ginger beer, some people like lime in there, some people like their own ginger beer, some people like bottled ginger beer. Me personally, I prefer to make my own ginger beer. I know it sounds really complicated and we get down to it. It's really, really easy. So we're going to show you. So to start the cocktail, it's going to be three quarters of an ounce of fresh squeezed lime juice into the shaker. Half an ounce, a simple syrup. Our simple syrup that we use is equal parts sugar water by weight. It's extremely easy to make. We're going to have a separate video on how to make that. And then next is the ginger beer. I know you're probably saying I have no idea how to make ginger beer. Ginger beer is super complicated. It's not. Our ginger beer that we use here in the house, one part, ginger juice, two parts, a simple syrup. Now, it might be saying, where the heck am I going to get ginger juice? Well, lucky for you, you go to Whole Foods. Anything you buy at Whole Foods, Whole Foods, will juice for you right there on the property. So take a little ginger, go there, have them juice it, juice it out. Hound is enough to make a few cocktails. So again, one part, ginger juice, two parts, a simple syrup. So we're going to do an ounce and a quarter of our ginger beer. And then, an ounce and a half of vodka, these are whatever vodka you want. Doesn't matter that much. You want to be super crazy? Use some pepper poplar sauce. We're just using tito today. And like I said, an ounce and a half of that. And we're all done. Now we're going to shake it. We have a little bit of soda water just to brighten it up while I'm at the end. And you'll notice I'm actually icing is a very last thing that I'm doing. That way as I'm making the cocktail, the cocktail is not breaking down. So we always ice the last. I might be one or fly. We're shaking the cocktail. I like the cocktail a little bit diluted. Just top a little bit of soda water. And then for garnish, you don't have to do this. Doesn't really make a difference. I think it just looks really nice. You want to please your guests. You want to have a house party and make them seem really fancy. This is a great way to do it. So we've just taken a little bit of candy ginger. It's skewered it through a lime wheel. And then to finish it off just because I have them. I got these beautiful crazy straws. They'll put one in there. And you're left with the most beautiful and most delicious Moscow meal we'll ever taste. It's great. The ginger really comes through. It's such a refreshing drink. It's great for summer. The thing I love about it, because it's fresh ginger, it's bright and spicy. It also works really, really well in the winter, which is where we're at right now. And you can also do this with bourbon. You can get your coffee meal. You can do it with gin and a London meal. The recipe is pretty much the exact same across the board for all of those. And you're left with the most delicious, most refreshing Moscow meal you'll ever taste. Thanks for watching guys. If you have any questions, leave them down in the comments. Be sure to like the video and subscribe. Thank you guys.