 Hey, what's up YouTube? Look at all these delicious fresh fruits I have here. Got some California grown cherries, red delicious apples, and two boxes of strawberries. Have you ever worried or wondered about the amount of pesticides or wax that goes on these? If you look carefully, it's kind of shiny and a little bit sticky on the apple, right? Same goes with the other fruits. So of course, pesticides are really harmful for your body if you consume it. So today I'm going to show you guys how to remove pesticides from fruits. So here I have some distilled white vinegar. Got some more marked big bottle of this, 64-full ounce cost like 182. So what you're going to do is mix three parts of water to one part of vinegar. So let me throw this in this big metal container or pot and see how much water I require that way I know how much vinegar to use. So this is about four cups of water. It looks like another two cups should fill it up. So now I know how much vinegar to use. So since I have eight cups of water, I'm going to need about 2.67 cups of vinegar. So we pour that in here. Stir it and let it settle for about 15-20 minutes. And then all the dirt, the nasty stuff, the wax and the pesticides would come off and then you could tell by a dirty brown color. Here's the thermochoxic. Let's make sure it's all covered. So there's another option of doing this is to put in a spray bottle and use the same ratio of three to one. So it's about 10-32 now. So let's say we give it 20 minutes, let's say 10-52 we've done. All right, the time is 10-52 should be done doing its thing. So as you can see, let me try to remove the dirt. The water is pretty dirty. Look at that, it's like light brown. Wow, this is going to joke. Look at all that crap. You have dirty water. It's like after a laundry wash, you know that dirty water? Hey, so that's all that insecticide wax, all that rest crap. So we're even doing the fruit. You want to rinse it off before you eat it. Let me try to make sure. Nope, it doesn't smell like vinegar once you rinse it off. That smells like vinegar. Now you have a staggered mind that is clean, ready to eat. So this is how to clean fruits using vinegar and water.