 We work with potatoes often in the Food 52 Test Kitchen and unfortunately with a lot of scraps we have to throw them away. But with this Focaccia Dill recipe we use the potato peels rather than throw them away as moisture, as flavor and we don't want to be throwing away food scraps we want to be using them as much as possible so it's a great opportunity. Here's what you'll need. Potato peels. Flour. Salt. Instant yeast. Olive oil. Butter. Now we're going to take our peels, we're going to cook them in some simmering water with a lid on and while they're cooking we're going to mix the dry ingredients. You can use any kind of potato for this Focaccia Dill. You come gold skins are a little more delicate and you won't really be able to see the color. I hope potatoes will give you more of a speckled, freckled color in the dough. We're going to take our cooked potato peels now and into the blender they go and the potato starch is what's going to help make the Focaccia Dill moist and tender. The temperature of this mixture has to be between 95 and 115 degrees. If you don't have a thermometer you can use a spoon and put a little bit of this mixture on your wrist. If it's too hot you're going to kill the yeast. If it's too cold the bread's not going to rise. Two cups of your cooked potato peel, liquid gets mixed in with the dry ingredients and that's going to form our dough. Once the dry ingredients have mostly absorbed the liquid it's okay to get your hands in there and finish it up. Now that you have your dough formed you're going to give it about three tablespoons of oil and let it rest and rise slowly in your fridge. There's a little voice inside me that says I'm sure more oil is better. We made this dough yesterday. It's been in the fridge for 25 hours. We did a little swap. Nothing wrong with that. We're going to butter and a little bit of olive oil. These pie pans we're going to separate our forcature dough into two balls and then ball it back up in the pie plate. We're going to let it rise for another two to four hours depending on how warm your kitchen is. When your doughs have risen to just about fill the inside of your pie pan that's time to take the plastic off and do the finishing touches before it goes in the oven. I'm going to use my fingers and make little dimples on the top of the dough. It's a nice flaky maldened salt and then straight in the oven about 25 minutes at 425. Alright, 25 minutes in the oven. Potato peel for cacha looks beautiful. I'm going to take it out of the pie pan here because we don't want it to sit in the pie pan. It could start to get like some condensation as it cools. If you want it to be able to breathe so it stays nice and crispy. It soaked up all that olive oil and a little bit of butter so you know it's going to be good. Alright, I'm excited to taste this. So good. I'm going to take a second piece even though I only have to really technically eat one.