 Hey everybody, I'm here today to show you how to cook eggs sunny side up. This will be a step-by-step tutorial and I'm going to be showing you the process for cooking delicious sunny side up eggs. Let's get right to it. The first thing that you want to do is put some oil or butter in the pan. Just like this so as you can see I'm just putting some oil in the pan just like that. Then you are going to turn on the element and the stove top element and you're going to turn it on to medium heat. Okay? So I have turned it on to medium heat and I'm just going to give it about a minute or two just to heat up. All right now that I have allowed the oil to heat up I am going to be cracking the eggs and putting them into the pan. Now it's very important to make sure that you do not break the yolk of the egg. Just be very careful when you're putting them into the pan just as I said before you don't want to break the yolk. So I'm just going to crack this egg just like that and I'm going to put it into the pan just like that. As you can see I did not crack the yolk just going to throw this up and you can put as many eggs as you want into the pan. So I just want two eggs so I'm just going to be cracking a second egg right here and putting it into the pan. Just like that just going to throw this up. All right now the key when you are cooking sunny side eggs, sunny side up eggs. One of the key factors is that the bottom of the eggs touch the heat and sort of get cooked but the top portion of the eggs does not touch the heat and does not get cooked. Now as you can see right here the egg whites are starting to go from sort of that translucent color to this white color. Now that's basically what you want. So as you can see right here we're just going to give the eggs a very quick minute or maybe minute and a half for the egg whites to start to turn white and we want to get this little translucent part over here. We want to get it we want to get the eggs to the point. We want to cook them to the point where that turns white. So I'm just going to literally leave them on here just for about a minute and sometimes what I like to do is just move the oil around just like that if you have enough oil in the pan. I just like to move it around just really spreads out the heat amongst the eggs. So I'm just going to give these about a minute to cook and I will be back. All right now that the eggs are at this point and as you can see they are almost finished you can go ahead and add your salt and pepper. So I'm just going to put some salt just like that and I'm going to put on some pepper as well. If your oil starts to sizzle like that you want to quickly raise the pan off of the burner and turn the heat down just like that just to stop the popping. So I'm just going to continue adding some pepper and I apologize if you can hear a slight clicking sound in the video because that is my toaster oven and I'm just making some toast off camera as well. So as you can see right here the sunny side up eggs are almost finished. You can see that there is not much more translucent egg whites around the eggs and basically you want the bottom of the eggs to be cooked and the top of the eggs to be just slightly run. And I think that as you can see right here the eggs have reached the perfect point. So basically I'm just going to be separating them with this right here with the spatula. Just separate them so I can really get them apart just like that and then I'm going to be taking them just like that and putting them on a plate just like that. Very simple and I'm going to just show you on the plate a few key things that really make great sunny side up eggs. If you take a look right here I'm just going to make sure it's on camera. If you take a look along the outside of the eggs you can see that they have this sort of darkened color. That is because the outside of the eggs is thin enough that they have been fried to the point where they have darkened. Okay and they're a little bit crispy on the outside. That's the way I like mine. But if you like delicious sunny side up eggs then just follow the instructions in this video and you can make yourself some delicious eggs sunny side up and that's all I have for you today. Thanks for watching.