 Hey I'm Todd, thanks for choosing to watch my video and if you would subscribe it like it all that stuff you know, that'd be great otherwise enjoy the video and I hope it gives you the information you need and is helpful to you. Take care. So I do get a lot of comments with people saying I have saved them a lot of money and I do get questions saying can I send you some money somehow and now there is a way if you so choose called fan funding to find out on the channel page right there. 2011 Nissan Rogue Rear disc brakes rear brake pad replacement 21 millimeter lug nuts. This does have a locking lug nut we got the key though was to take that off we'll just take the rest off you will want to leave the car on the ground and then break these loose left to loose and right to tighten once you've broken them loose a turn or so then you can jack the vehicle up and use safety stands protect yourself so the vehicle doesn't fall on you and take the wheel off right I think a screwdriver in here and collapse the piston 14 millimeter bolts here the tire off 19 20 got the tire off 21 millimeter lug nuts screw driver in here collapse the piston just pull like this check the slides they move freely 14 millimeter bolt 212 millimeter builds on the back 2011 Nissan Rogue. So we got a caliper off and our brake shoes. Our brake pads come with new metal clips so we can take the old ones out. Put the new ones on. Is that a grenade or a grenade for you sir? I can be on YouTube. You can be but you get it as well. This is Todd replacing brake pads on a brake pen. All right, love to work on first. SL all the time. For the love of life. Can you like a video of mom who's doing my face in that real quick? Is this light beam? No, with these people around here. What is that you feel? Pretty much. Pretty much. You got to take the other one out for a start. You just make it through the very water. Oh, okay. One's like, Todd, just stack up the tape and stagger. You still have a part of you glues on YouTube for your stuff? Yeah, just trust you, Mario. We replace rotors here, but you can have it machined also. Or if money is really, really, really tight. These are probably smooth enough because you probably throw some pads right on there without taking that caliper off. Just take the pads off. Put some new ones on and be on your way. But the right way to do it is to machine it or replace it. Unless you just slide off or use a little hammer and tap this off. Gently, make sure your emergency breaks off because the emergency breaks shoes are inside here. That's removing your stuff. You need to road around, transfer this little inspection hole plug. Just use a screwdriver and pop it in and out. Got a new bracket on here. Start all bolts by hand. Just pay me down. Do a little lubricant, a little caliper, brake parts lubricant. Put the pins that put them on the other pin as well for sliding. This is the passenger side we're doing actually. Here's my inner pad. Snug these down as well. Put the tire on, pump the brakes a few times before you drive it. Also double check the brake fluid level. Next, have to put the wheel on. Put the wheel on, put the lug nuts on and tighten them in a star crossing pattern. I'm going to save our 85 foot pounds if I'm wrong, I'll correct it. All right, lug nut torque spec if you're doing that is 80 foot pounds. You got a torque stick. That's what this is called. It's rated 80 foot pounds. So use our gun and put on the tire. And then we're going to put the tire on. And then we're going to put the tire on. And then we're going to put the tire on. All right, then we'll check the brake fluid level. Here's the brake fluid right here. Turn the cap a little bit. Also has a minimum and maximum on the side. Looks like it's right at the maximum. It tells you what fluid you use. You've only got three fluid from a sealed container. Brake fluid. It will absorb water, so make sure you use a container with a lid on it. Complete your brake job. Go for a little test drive. Make sure it's safe. Again, make sure you pump the brake pedal a few times and make sure your brake pedal is solid before driving. 2011 Nissan Rogue. I'm sure this will work for several other years. It makes on models of Nissan.