 Hello everyone, hot or y'all doing today? Today I'm getting ready to make some goulash. These are my ingredients. I have some garlic powder, onion powder, some salt and pepper. This is going to be just a simple basic, these are going to be simple basic ingredients that you can use here are my elbow macaroni. I don't know if I'm going to use both of these or just one. I'll just let y'all know. And right here you can see I'm getting my water, my water is getting ready to boil. I'm going to boil my elbow macaroni and I'm getting ready to add my ingredients to my ground beef. Okay? Okay. I got like a cup. I got two cups of onions and bell peppers that I'm getting ready to mix. I decided to show y'all this. I was getting ready to just cook it and I said I'm going to show y'all how I make my goulash. Okay? Y'all, I'm getting ready to add some onion powder. Okay. This is probably maybe a tablespoon each and add a little salt, maybe a couple of teaspoons or two, three times a couple of teaspoons. It's up to you whatever you want to add to your and whatever season you want to use. You can use it. Like I say, I'm just going to use the basic seasoning. Like this is the black pepper. Put some black pepper in it. You can add as much as you want or the least if you want. Okay? Okay. Let me turn this up. Let me get it. It's trying to follow the up. Yeah. Okay. Now you see, extend up. Y'all, I'm going to saute this and then I'm going to be right back. Y'all this maddy back there in the background. I don't know what you saying or what you talking about, but that's her in the background. Okay. Well, I'm going to finish sauteing this meat and vegetables up and I season it up and I'm going to be right back. Okay, y'all. I'm getting ready to add my macaroni and you're ready to cook them in the pot. I'm probably going to use a package and a half of the macaroni and about a pack and a half. I have already added some salt to this water, just a little salt. I don't know why, just a little bit. So how have y'all been doing? Y'all planning gardens, getting ready for the spring, planning flowers? What have y'all been doing? Y'all I love outside. When I get all my strength back, y'all I'm going to be out there doing out there outside because I love outdoors. As soon as I get a chance, I'm going to be out there y'all. I love outside. As soon as I get a chance, I'm going to be out there. Okay, y'all see these vegetables? You can cook this until the vegetables are, you can cook them by themselves. If you want to, you don't have to mix it well. I'm just showing y'all the way I take some of them. You can go ahead and I'll say, yo, mix them and add them so you're ground these that you want to. But this is the way, I'm showing y'all the way that I could. Okay, make sure you scrape the bottom of this pot when you're balling. Make sure they hadn't started back balling yet. Okay, y'all. Okay, y'all now, I'm getting ready to add one can. You see how I'm going to ask them this is. This is a 14 and a half ounce can of petite. I see petite, nice tomatoes. I'm going to add that. Y'all, this is the ground meat that I'm using with ground chuck. And so it didn't have much, it didn't have really anything at the bottom, no grease or anything from the ground beef cut systems. Pretty good ground beef. Okay, this ground chuck. Now, if you have a lot of grease that's coming from the ground beef, drain it, drain your, it's okay, but I didn't have to, like I said, I didn't have to. Because only, juu shall see down there is from those tomatoes. Okay. That's where it's from the tomatoes. Okay. And y'all see my parsley, boilie. Okay. I'm getting ready. Also have some tomatoes sauce that I'm getting ready to add to this. Okay. Okay, y'all. I'm getting ready to add, I'm going to add four of these cans. Y'all can see. I'm going to add four of these small cans of tomato sauce. It's two, three, four. Okay. Because I like my goulash to be, you know, saucy. I like that tomato sauce. If you want less, you can use less. And if you want two cans of tomatoes, you can use two cans of tomatoes. It's up to you. And you know, some people they use is, this is all I'm putting in mind besides the macaroni. But you know, some people put corn. I may put some corn in here. I don't know. Some people put corn in there. Some people put sweet peas in there. It's up to you what you want to put in yours, okay. Because you never know, I may end up putting some corn in here. Okay. I'm going to let this sauce simmer for a little while until the, until the, I'm going to let this, this mixture simmer. Y'all see, it's getting ready to simmer. I'm going to let this simmer for a few minutes until my macaroni gets ready. Y'all can see. They're getting ready. I'm going to let this simmer on like a medium, medium heat and until the macaroni get done, okay. All right, I'll be right back. Oh, okay, y'all. I am back. I'm adding my, getting ready to add my, this is super hot. Y'all, I don't know what I'm called myself doing. I'll try to pick this up. Okay. I'm adding my macaroni. I got some more. Now adding my second batch. Okay. Now, mixing it all together. Like I say, y'all, you can add corn to this. You can add sweet peas. Some people even add okra. I'm not going to do that. I'm just making a plain goulash without all the other stuff. I made, like I said, I made it at the corner. I'm going to have to see. I may just add the corn, but I don't think so. And you make sure you taste this. Make sure you taste and see if it has enough season. Some people can add oregano or Italian seasoning to theirs. I'm not going to do that. But you're welcome to do it. I'm just going to make a just a simple plain goulash. And I'm about to taste it. Let me taste it. Y'all, I'm going to taste this in my spoon. This is good. You just need a little salt, y'all. But this is good to go. I'm going to add some salt. You're ready to add a little salt to it. And maybe a little bit more black pepper. Okay. And a little black pepper. And you find my black pepper. Like I said, y'all, this is just a simple, simple dish. Do you ever remember this when your grandmother or your mother used to make this at home? And I may make a pan of cornbread. Do you ever remember this? If y'all remember this, let me know. And y'all don't even bring up the pan of cornbread. And this is cornbread. I'm telling you, it is so, so good. Okay. And y'all, this is it. It's that simple. It's that simple. Sometimes I let it simmer for another five minutes, put a lid on it. Or you just eat it just like this. Cause everything is ready. The longer you let it sit, you can just take it off the eye and just let it sit. Then we're going to put a top on it. Just let it sit. And then stir it up. It'll be just good to go. Okay. Okay, y'all, this is it. This is my homemade goulash or thrown back goulash like these make back in the day. Yes. Y'all. Okay. Okay. Hello y'all. I am at my desk right now. You see, I'm editing my video. I see I'm editing my video. And I said I'm going to eat. I'm going to redo my own review. I had reviewed my daughter, but something didn't come out with my come out right. So some reason it didn't add right. And so I'm going to eat it myself. Just to show y'all how good it is. Let me turn this down. Let me turn my video down. Okay. All right. See you. I'm still cooking. All right, y'all. I'm going to try this out. Now this is good. Okay. Let me tell you all this. If y'all like a sweet taste, something, you know, some people like the sweet taste to there. It's spaghetti and macaroni. You can always add just a little bit of sugar. But I add a little sugar in my cornbread. So it even like the sweetness. But I'm just going to show you all with my family. Eat on today. This beef good life. Y'all, this is so good. I can't have a whole lot of it. I can have just a little bit. I'm going to share this with I have in this bowl with my grand baby. He's here right to him. I'm going to share. I'm going to even make a couple more spoonfuls. But it is good, y'all. It is so good. So y'all try this recipe. Look. Y'all try this recipe anyway. Okay. I'm going to try to have a blessed night. And I'm going to say. Bye bye. We're now.