 Music La Cucaracha! Hehehehe! Okay, so it's Lazy Man's Chimichongas. Every home to the Mexican restaurant, Jack Jr., when he was little in California, went to a place called Don Jose's restaurant in Anaheim. It was delicious and he always ordered the order of Chimichongas for dinner. He loved Chimichongas and I'm like, man, good thing they make them because I don't know how to make them. Well, guess what? I finally looked the recipe up and well, my wife sent it to me. I ain't got to give her credit. And I saw the recipe and it's super simple. So come on in close. Let's take a look. All right, so we have ground beef. We've got refried beans. I'm using white corn. You can use yellow corn if you want. We've got a beautiful onion. Your favorite taco sauce. Any kind you want. And I've got sour cream, the mexi blend cheese, and green onions to top our chimichongas. He got my tortillas. Got a little garlic. I'm using garlic powder, but it asks for garlic salt in the recipe. I'll leave the garlic salt in the recipe. But I don't use garlic salt. I use garlic powder. And I have some cumin and some chili powder. Okay, we're going to brown the meat even though it has natural fats. You want to give it a little bit of oil on the bottom. Okay, place your meat in there. You just start breaking it up. Okay, once all the meat has been browned, I want you to take this over to the sink and drain off any of the excess grease. We don't want that in our recipe. Now you're going to add in your onions, your corn. You're going to cook this for about five minutes. Okay, now the onions have been softened. Get your taco sauce, and you're going to add that into the mix. Lower your flame. Take our seasoning. That was the chili powder. Here's the cumin. And the garlic. On a low flame, you're just going to incorporate all the flavors. Let them get warm and kind of cook it in. Okay, so we put that off to the side. Now bringing your other pan. You're going to put about two inches of oil into the pan. Okay, so grab yourself a tortilla. You're going to warm it 10 to 15 seconds in the microwave. So let's first give a little bit of beans. Now add the beef mixture. Top a little bit of cheese. Let's say you roll it. You grab this in, you cover the mixture, you pull it back with your fingertips. Pull back. Once it's down tight, you're going to flip this. You're going to flip this side to fold the ends in. Then you're going to continue to roll. Okay. Now when you go to cook this, you want to make sure you cook the seam side down. See the seam? You want to put that in the oil down. You want to carefully set it in there. Oh, that went into too bad. Look. That's not bad. Okay, I wrapped another one. I'm going to put it in there right now. Here we go. Not bad. There's my first two attempts at making chimichangas. I'm going to make a few more, and then I'll meet you over the table. There you go. Lazy man's chimichangas. Let me grab my taco sauce and give this a try. You know what? I didn't even cut into this. So let me show you what it looks like on the inside. Let's give it a cut in half. Oh, that crunchiness. Flaky. You can see. Look at this. See the inside there? Can you see that? Beautiful. All that goodness in there. Top with the sour cream. Tammy's bringing guacamole in home, so we can have that also. This is going to be our dinner for tonight. And I just want to show it to you first. All right, let's give it a try. All right, let me cut a piece here. A little. Chalue on there. I love Chalue. It's my favorite hot sauce. What's your guys favorite hot sauce? Put it down below. Mmm. First thing I tasted was the beef that's seasoned with the cumin and the garlic. Oh, my goodness. So good. Lazy man's chimichangas. Let me know what your favorite hot sauce says down below. And I'll see you on the next episode. Take care. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.