 Alright, alright there folks, I was at work today and these beautiful fish come in, these lovely Gilted Sea Breeze, absolutely fantastic. Now what I'm going to do, I'm going to prepare, I'm going to just fill it up. So I'm just going to take in remaining scales off as you can see that. We're going to make a great dish to these, I haven't decided what we're going to do yet but I just wanted to show you what it looked like. I'm going to carry on and these scale these into the tux, it's easier. How it goes all over the shop as you can see and we'll be back and fill it in. Right, just took the scales off there. I always find these are funny fish to fill it because I'm going to either around fish, you know, nor a flat fish, I mean that sounds a bit odd. Just trust me what I say. Off to go in there, just in behind the gills, and then hand there, as you make that first cut, you put the pressure down all the way to the tail. So if you can get in there, that will look nice, clean, and what I tend to do, straight into the tail. So just show you before, like that, you're left with one fillet and your bones should look like that. So the other side, you'll pun that out a bit for you. So lift that gillip into the head, round this side, set the head straight off. Turn it round, and again, into that back bone, get your knife right up to that back bone. And then the other way, it could be a bit tricky going the other way to get used to it. I'm loosening it off. I think, keep it flat, shoot it off. Same with this side, as your fillets. You should end up with a bone, but you can almost see through, as you can see. My dog wouldn't be very happy with that, there ain't no meat left on it. Anyway, let's get on with these, I'll zoom in a bit. So what we're doing with these, just taking that rib bone out, says you shouldn't get in, won't just square them off a bit. Just a shuffling thing to do, I know, but I think they look a lot better. So get your fillet, do that. Nice, in. Along. And then your left. Give you a beautiful fillet. Right, and you can see there, we left those two beautiful fillets. I'm going to put them in the fridge now, and have a look. Cook some look nice with them. They're beautiful. They're really, really nice. Right, folks, let's do the spring dish. First of all, I want to serve this with a little smashed, new potato salad, boiling water. Get me potato zed. I think a bit of salt. Spin them up to the boil. I'll move that out of the way so you can see where I'm going to cook the fish. I'll put that over there. Right then, let's get on with this then. This is sea bream with lemon thyme and olive. Some basically, I've got two, six ounce fillets of bream. I've got some butter. I'm going to use some red seed oil. Some fresh thyme. Salt, pepper. Lemon zest. The juice of a lemon. Some pitted olives. And this peeled lemon here. Is life too short? Is peeled lemon? Normally it is for this dish. No. So what we're going to do, we're going to get that fish on. We've got our potatoes on. I'm going to call this dish. Bream, a little bream of me. Yes, I know. I know. Anyway, let's get on. Right, I'm reverting about to watch the old pound. We bought a brand new pound. It was cool. Don't get me wrong. It was like having a Ferrari. But me, I'd like to stick to this if I can hold for a bit harder. It does a job that gets you there. So we'll put that on there. What we're going to do to start with is we're going to just brush these fillets skin side. Use a little bit of rapeseed oil. I'll probably cover that as, you know, that's English. That's made in this country. It's fantastic. Right then. Just wipe my hands a minute. Get a pepper. Put the salt. We're going to sprinkle some of that lemon zest on it. So that is quite a good coverage actually. I'm going to put off a few of these time leaves. I'm going to get them to stick. We're pressing down on there. It's going to be a lovely dish. Just put a few more on that other one. Look for that heat coming that pan there. All right, put a bit more on that one. In my old crispy pan. I'll put a little bit of olive oil. Just get that heated through. Right then, some heat coming in that pan. Now, just see if it's smoking. So just put that down on there. We're going to lay that in. Put that on. Just add that part of the butter. Again, press down, get a contact. We're going to take a bit of heat out of that pan now. And we're going to cook that. Keep side down for four minutes. At first. That gets nice and crispy. And then you'll see it start to cook up through. So what we're doing, we'll come back that a minute. See those fillets going nicely there. While we wait for that to push a minute there. I'm going to do take 11. Intersection them. Use that upper level. Then I'm going to just drop that. I'm going to do take 11. Intersection them. Use that upper level. Then I'm going to just drop that. I'm going to use another bit actually. I like a little level. See if you're going to serve that. Are you two full yet? So that's up then. We'll go back to the pan. Is there a really flying? I'm going to put that in there. I'm going to put that in there. I'm going to put that in there. I'm going to put that in there. I'm going to put that in there. I'm going to put that in there. I'm going to put that in there. Is there a really flying? I'm going to do it. I'm going to add another layer of butter to that. I'm going to start. Gently down. Go turn around and just look. I'm not being crisp. Yeah. Yeah. Beautiful. Take a bit of heat out. Is it? I'm going to do it. Set it up. And then we'll take one. And we're all lit. And then let that heat through now. Then we're all smashed if it's hot. Set it up. That's simple. Right. That's all done. I've got some mashes in a bit. And we'll put them on there. And a mash. Beautiful. Turn that down. Get my fish slice. Get one like that. And one like that. And then we'll do it. And so it's lovely. Lemony, olively sauce on it. Put a bit on that. And a little drizzle. And I'm going to go on. And that is my finished dish. Sea bream and lemon, thyme and olives. Look at that bar, boy. It's quite spicy, but I'm going to give this a blast. Fish. It's cooked absolutely perfect. The car tender that is juicy. Oh my god. A bit of that mash. Now it's lovely, that fish. With that thyme and that lemon on there. And that crispy skin. It's unreal. Look at that. That's almost professional. Thanks for watching. Be my little brie, love me. You