 Ever been out for the evening to be entertained, stimulated, invigorated, and to satisfy your need for a good meal? All of the time you came away with good memories, phone numbers of potential friends, and a strong desire to duplicate that amazing dinner. Well, it's not easy to duplicate that meal, but we can certainly try. One of my favorite meals at MP International in Norfolk, Virginia is the rice and peas. And each and every time I visit that beautiful place, I almost always order that rice and peas. I take advantage of their buffet if you must know because it's so inexpensive. Anyway, I went home and I tried to duplicate their rice and peas. I was not successful, but I will share with you my easy method for doing it. First of all, there's onion, garlic, and thyme, which I will fry lightly in the butter. I happen to like butter. Once it's done, then I'll add a can of red kidney beans, the darker the better, I think. Also a can of coconut milk to the onion, garlic, and thyme. And then, of course, I will add the amount of liquid that will be equal to a total of four cups. I say that because sometimes some people will want to add the juice from the beans. After that, once it starts to boil, I will add two cups of rice and I will stir and stir and stir because I want to mix it up properly. Okay? Then, of course, to the end, all I need to do now is to cover it and then simmer it for about 30 minutes. Once it gets to be boiling, of course, I will start to stir again, cover, and simmer. I must tell you, though, you want to check this 20 minutes into cooking so that you can stir it one more time and make sure everything is mixed together. In the end, this is what you'll end up with. And I've got to tell you, rice and beans, or, as it's called, a Jamaica rice and peas, is good with any meal. Unfortunately, of course, I cannot duplicate the ambiance at MP International, but I can cook something. Anyway, good luck to you and if you have any better ideas on how to prepare rice and peas, share them with me. As a matter of fact, be sure to make comments and I will, in turn, share them with the world. I would like to thank MP International for allowing me to make this videotape at their place of business. They did not have to do that. I would also like to thank the people involved for their cooperation. In the meantime, enjoy my recipe for rice and peas. Bon appetit.