 Now the first step in the dice baton air julienne is you need a top and tail which is cut the ends off and then you just square it and it doesn't matter what object you are dicing or julienne you need to actually start with a rectangle. So just start that by rotating the object around and cutting off the sides nice and flat to where you form a rectangle. Go back and just trim it up a little bit just to make sure that it's all nice and even. Now your first cut after the squaring off is to cut it into even slabs and the width of the slabs that you cut are basically going to be decided by the size of the baton air julienne or dice that you wish your end product to be. And we're going to go more over that in detail to end this video. Now take those slabs stack them into two or three stacks and you're going to cross cut them into strips again the same width as your initial slab is and as you can see here we ended up with a nice even baton a nice and rectangular. Now if you want to turn that into a dice just cross cut it and see how I'm using my finger to kind of hold those together that's going to allow you to visualize a much more even dice. And if you spread those out it's going to be a quarter inch cubed which is a small dice. Now if you want to go back and actually do a julienne you're going to start the exact same process we're going to square it off. Now when you cut it into the slabs though this time you're going to cut those slabs in eighth of an inch thick. And then again you're going to take those slabs stack them up and cross cut them into strips which is going to give you basically an eighth of an inch squared by about two inches long which is a true julienne. Now to Brune Wands just simply stack your julienne into a nice tight bundle cross cut into an eighth of an inch cube and that's your Brune Wands. Your measurements are what define the actual dice julienne Brune Wands or baton A. So for the baton A it's nothing more than a quarter inch squared by two and a half inches long. Now if you take that baton A and you cross cut it you get a quarter inch cubed and that's a small dice. Now you can arrive at a medium dice which is a half inch cubed or a large dice which is three quarters of an inch cubed by using the baton A model that is to cut a baton A first whether it be a quarter of an inch square or three quarters of an inch squared and then cross cutting it into your desired dice. Now a julienne is just like a baton A except it's an eighth of an inch squared by two inches long and a fine julienne is the same thing except it's a sixteenth of an inch squared by two inches long so it's just much more fine. Now to Brune Wands you're just basically taking your julienne and your cross cutting it into an eighth of an inch cubed and for a fine Brune Wands you are taking your fine julienne and your cross cutting it into a sixteenth of an inch cubed. For more instructional videos on knife skills just like this and other cooking techniques check out SteleColonary.com slash knife skills.