 Music Of course, you always try to check to make sure that we have all the ingredients downstairs that we have everything. So I go down, I thought, I didn't look at the red cabbage because I thought we always have red cabbage, except today. And I went to the produce manager and I'm like, Joel, where's the red cabbage? And he said, somebody came in and bought us out. And I'm like, well, I'm teaching it tonight and I had two heads of red cabbage. So I took one. I didn't feel like I should take both. Because this was, as you can see, this was enormous with the other, I've already used the other half. So I said, well, he said, don't worry, I've already ordered it. So if you're going down to look for the red cabbage, it'll be in tomorrow. But I thought, oh, we always have red cabbage. So I'm just going to start this. Actually, I think we're going to start it with the onion. And this is, we're going to put a couple of tablespoons of butter in here and get that started. I just like this kind of food. This is the kind of food that my grandmother cooked. She wasn't from Germany, but she was from Czechoslovakia, which I guess was what she learned was mostly German sort of flavored food. So this reminds me of her cooking. And it is good. You know, cabbage is very healthy for you. And really, it didn't. I always think that cabbage doesn't have the best smell when it's cooking. But when you put the onion and we've got some brown sugar to go in it, a little vinegar, it's not bad. The smell wasn't too bad today. And it's like I said, it's good. It's something different. It makes a nice side dish for really anything pork or chicken. Okay. It doesn't matter because it's all going to get cooked down. We're going to go ahead and put that in, even though the butter is not quite melted, but we'll get that started. And you can put this in your food processor and shred it all down. But then you got to clean the food processor. So, and that's... So we're just going to... This was a really good head of cabbage. It was, I think, a weight almost six pounds. And it was really heavy, so I thought, well, must be a good one. All right, we're just going to kind of cut this up. Okay, now we got that. Okay. A two pound... Oh, I didn't put the rest of my stuff out. Two pound cabbage is like this. So, that's a two pound cabbage. I was going to add some green in here when I didn't think I had enough of the purple, but I did. I have enough purple, so... Okay. And this is a good recipe for your crock pot. You're still going to do this on the stove. Get your onion sauteed and kind of cook the... Your cabbage and apples down, and then you can go ahead and put it in your crock pot and let it just get all nice and soft and cooked and mellow and... And kind of leave it there. Now this purple looks kind of deadly, but it does wash right out. I thought, oh, great. I'll have to decore-oxing the boards again, but... It washed right off with soap and water. And then I don't like to peel the apples because I think you lose some of the nutrition value in them. But if you feel like you need to peel them, that's fine. Or if you don't like the... This one calls for it sliced. If you don't like them sliced, you'd rather have them diced. You can do that. Okay. Okay. Okay. The skin is a little tough. Okay, let's see. I used a Granny Smith apple, by the way. That looks good. All right, so we've got our cabbage, we've got our apples. We're going to add our brown sugar, a little bit of vinegar. All right, that's all cut up here. This is just going to bring sort of a nice little flavor out. Not quite as good as caramelized, but pretty good. You just want to get it soft and kind of cooked up. Okay, that looks good. We're going to add our cabbage and apples. I'm going to make this whole thing up here. Okay. Oh, come on. See, out of sight, out of mind. All right, stir that up. And we're going to add our vinegar, with the regular apple cider vinegar. Ooh, some brown sugar, let's say half a cup. Some spin sitting here, gets a little bit hard sitting out. Get it all softened up. Okay. And here is our, let's see, on our water. Here's some water. Look at that, a stir. It does, when there's a lot of liquid in the cabbage and the apples, so it'll, it doesn't look like it now, but it'll all start cooking down and more liquid will come out. Yeah, so I would do that, so you can saute your onion and get that flavor and kind of cook it down a little bit. You want to bring it to a, we're going to bring it to a boil here. And then when you get to the part where you've got everything in it, it's all stirred and it's kind of not quite soft, but soft enough that, you know, it's kind of cooked and the flavors are kind of mellowing. Then go ahead and put it in a crock pot until it all comes together, or you're oven. You know, if you don't want to leave it on the stoves, it's perfectly fine on the stove. We're going to turn it down to a simmer and just put it on the back of your stove, or if you've got some place to go, I'd stick it in the crock pot and just let it, you're, this is one of those things where you're not going to cook it too much. If you put it in the crock pot, it's just going to keep blending and getting softer and, you know, just being good. Now here is our salt and our clove and a little bit of pepper. So you can see now how the juice is coming out and it's cooking down. When you start, yeah, when you start cooking it down, then we're going to put a lid on it, which is going to not evaporate the liquid. So that's going to be, okay, we got that all mixed up. I think that's going to be done for now. It is pretty much boiling. So we're just going to turn it down, put a lid on it and just let it, let it sit. I think I'm going to move it over here though. I did cook it all the way on the stove and then just stuck it in this pan and put it in the oven about six o'clock. So as you can see, let's see if I can spoon it. Ooh, I don't have any spoons. So you can see the apples have sort of disappeared a little bit and the onions are gone so you can sort of disguise them for both of us who don't like onions. Not me. And you can spoon, it smells good. So there is our German red cabbage. I think that's good.