 Hi, what I want to share with you today is my homemade rigged up low-row cable-holy system. This is something I do in addition to barbell rows and dead lifts. I just went in a little something extra to work out my back. I don't have a lot of room. I'm working out here in my living room, so this was the solution I came up with. It's quick to assemble, quick to disassemble, get it up, do the workout, get it out of here before my wife gets home. She never knows the difference in everybody's happy. So, let's start out here at the bottom. We're going to look at this loading pin real quick, even though it has all the weight so we're going to take a real close look at it because the instructions to build this can be found on the internet. It's where I found, I don't know, the website right off the top of my head, but it's made with each and a half plumbing parts. Very good instruction, very simple to put together. What we have here is a one and a half by 12 inch nipple. If you can see down here at the bottom, I don't know how well you can see, but that is screwed into a 1.5 inch floor flange. I just screwed it in their half-tight, put some gorilla glue on there, and it is sufficiently strong. Up here on the top is a 1.5 inch cap with a 3-8 inch hole drilled through the top there. Here's a shot of our 4 inch eye bolt there. It goes through there. There's a nut coming in on the bottom there. It's tightened down with pliers and has a lot of gorilla glue around it, so it's not going anywhere. The only piece on here that will go somewhere is this cap. You need to be able to get that cap off so you can put your weights on there and get those weights off of there. So, if we don't put any gorilla glue around that, hand tight is sufficient for that. Here's a lot of nuts when I did a lot of fishing. It works out handy now for strength training as well. This is a 3-8 inch nylon rope marine grate, I believe. It's coming up here around this pulley that's rated 420 pounds. It accepts 3-8 inch max rope or chain, so it's a nice fit. None of this equipment here is rated for athletics, by the way, except for the squat stands. But the pound rating on these things is strong enough for me. The weak point here in the link is a spring clip. It's rated at 280 pounds, I believe. But if I'm pulling more weight than that, I'll go get some sort of mountaineering spring clip for something that could hold more weight. For now, it's good enough for me. That clips attached to this piece of unit strut here, going across to the top of the stands. I mean, you can lift up on it, but all the weight is pulling down, so it's secure. It's not going anywhere. Following the rope down, you come down here to a similar setup, the middle piece of unit strut. It just really was one long piece of unit strut cut in half, to span the length of the squat stands here. So we have a similar setup down here, spring clip, 420 pounds rated pulley. The unit strut is secured to the squat stands on either side with some 4-inch U-bolts. These are tightened down, keeps the bar from pulling out, the 1-inch weight plate holder here, keeps the bar from raising up when you're doing the rows. For a little additional support, we'll throw one or barbell of weights. That keeps the squat stands in place, keeps them from walking or choking backwards when you're rolling. Limitation there, of course, as you can only put on so much weight. I could put 245s on there if I had them, and if I need them on here. I think I failed to mention this, but that's what we have here. We have a limitation with this loading pin. Ten pound barbell weight plate is the largest diameter weight plate I can put on here. 25 pound weight plate will hit the bottom of this unit strut on the way up, and hit it on the way back down. So I put the maximum weight on here that I have, that will work for this particular setup. This is 50 pounds, this loading pin is somewhere between 5 and 10 pounds. So we have 55 to 60 pounds on here. What I'm going to have to do is get some more 10 pound barbell weights to load in place of these 5, 2 and 1-1 1.25 and 1 1.25 to get that weight up where I really need it. But for a little finishing exercise, it's good for now. We've got a little excess rope on here because we just sort of put this together. Just been testing it out. We'll cut that off at another time. Right now, it doesn't get in the way, so it's really not a bother. We do a few here. Just demonstrate. So that's it. That's our rigged up homemade low-row cable pulley system. Hope you enjoyed it. Thanks for watching. If you enjoyed this video, please subscribe to our channel. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to our channel. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to our channel. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to our channel. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to our channel. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to our channel. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to our channel.