 Hi guys, welcome to Rajshri Food. This is the Bombay Chef Varuninamdar and today I bring Mexico into your kitchen, Mexico in the form of bean and chilladas. Okinawa trust me, it's a very simple recipe. I'm just breaking it into different components. So the first thing that goes in is some olive oil. So I put in some olive oil. I'm adding in some garlic. Finally crushed garlic. The next thing that goes in is some onion. I'm taking whites of the spring onion. There, give it a light stir. Next goes in some capsicum. Again give it a light stir. Once these onions start sweating, I'm adding in the boiled beans. Now these beans have been boiled with a little bit of salt and water and I've made sure that the beans have become absolutely forked and that's the way these beans would taste even better. There goes in the beans, giving it a stir. So I'm adding in some salt. Remember salt has also been added in while boiling. So make sure salt is absolutely in check. Next goes in some sweet paprika and I'm adding in some cumin powder. Give it a stir. And with the pack of the spoon I'm just mashing half the beans. Well to adjust the consistency, you can also use a potato masher or you can run half the mixture in a grinder. Now that the entire mixture has come together, half of it has been mashed, half of it has been kept just the way it is. So there you go, the stuffing is ready. We keep this aside and we start making the sauce. Now let's begin with the Rancero sauce which is actually a tomato based Mexican gravy. A little spicy, a little tangy, a little sweet but the flavors can be adjusted. So the first thing is I'm going to smoke in some olive oil and then I'm going to char the red peppers. Now that the capsicum is nice and charred, I'm adding in crushed garlic. Next goes in white softened onion, a light stir. And next goes in some tomatoes which have been roughly cut. Along with this I'm adding in a tablespoon of flour. Next goes in some malt vinegar, sugar, some salt, some cayenne pepper, parsley, fresh basil and giving it a light stir. I'm adding in a little bit of water so that this becomes like a nice tomato stew which can later be pureed into a Rancero sauce. Now that the tomatoes have become nice and soft, I'm just going to blend this into a chunky mixture. So I'm just putting the flame off. Now that this is converted into a chunky sauce, I'll just put the flame on for another two minutes and add in my magic spice which is habanero. Habanero is going to give this sauce a unique kick and this is something that is actually imperative to a good Rancero sauce. So now that we have the components ready, let's start making the bean enchiladas. The first thing that we are going to do is take a bake pan and I'm adding in a little bit of the Rancero sauce right at the bottom. So there it goes. And just making sure it's evenly laid right in the entire pan. So once this is done, now let's start making the enchiladas. So I'm going to take a tortilla disc and I'm going to add in the bean mixture. So before that, I'm just going to add in some fresh onion greens. Stir this nicely. Now with a spoon, I'm going to add in a few scoops of this mixture right in the center of the tortilla disc, something like this and I'm going to roll it up into a nice little roll. So I'm just going to make a few more like this. Now that these rolls are ready, I'm just going to cut these as per the size of my baking dish or the casserole. So for now, I'm cutting these in half and I'm placing this in the baking dish with the steamed side down. So this goes in. Now that I've set these rolls on the Rancero sauce, I'm now topping it again with some Rancero. I'm adding in a cheese slice to just have a little tighter control on the cheese quantity. So there goes in the cheese and another slice. Now this goes in the oven at 180 degrees for 10 minutes. Now I'm going to make a hamburger. Bina enchilada is ready, the sauce is bubbling. The cheese is just lightly melting. Let's now plate this. I'm just scooping in two of these. Fresh parsley sprigs and a dash of extra virgin olive oil. Now that the bean enchiladas are ready, do try it at home and do not forget to catch me second of March onwards on Get Carried.