 Hello friends, today we look into a common ornamental house plant, the Sansa Vieria or the Snake Plant. We learn on how to care Sansa Vieria plant and finally show you how to propagate Sansa Vieria from leaf cuttings and also rhizome divisions. That's Kavanaugh. Welcome back. If you are a hobby gardener or interested in growing plants, consider subscribing to this channel. Also, turn on the notification bell icon and you won't miss anything. Sansa Vieria is a succulent plant with about 70 species and often included in the Trisina family. Common names of first Sansa Vieria include mothering lost and devils tongue, jinstung, boasting ham, snake plant and also sometimes snake tongue. This is perhaps because of its shape like a long tongue or snake like long leaves and it might also be because it's poisonous plant like the mothering lost tongue. The most attractive part of the snake plant is its foliage, that is the leaves. And based on the leaf morphology, they are classified into different species. Sansa Vieria trifishieta and its variant, Sansa Vieria trifishieta, Laurence dye is the commonly grown ornamental plant in home gardens and indoors. This is a lacer-recommended care-pureifying plant and purifies air by removing some toxins such as palm and the hard xylene and others. And one more thing to remember is its leaves are poisonous on oral ingestion, so keep it away from your kids. Now we look into the care tips for Sansa Vieria plant and then the propagation of Sansa Vieria plant. Sansa Vieria trif with minimal care and leave for many years and they are almost indestructible and drop tolerant plants. Sansa Vieria are suitable for planting outdoors as well as indoors in bright light and warmth. The first factor is sunlight. They need moderately bright and indirect sunlight. They can tolerate low light but for best results indoors keep it nearer window. Then the second factor is watering requirement. Allow the soil to dry completely before watering and then water deeply until the water trips through the drainage hole. It's roughly about once or twice a week depending on your zone and season. Then the third factor is temperature. They tolerate wide range of temperatures from 15 to 45 degree centigrade but they die and do not perform well below 10 degree centigrade. Then the fourth factor is fertilizer requirement. Do not over fertilize this plant. You can use the general purpose NPK 2020 or some garden powder on the top soil once a month. You can also dissolve some 5 to 6 crystals of NPK in about 500 ml of water and offer it to the plant once a month in a 10 inch pot. Then re-potting. This is usually done only when the roots are bound or when you see the roots are coming out of the drainage holes. Now we look into the propagation of the snake plant that is sansiraria. This can be propagated by seeds, leaf cuttings and also by division of the root pole that is the rhizome, division of the rhizome. Seeds are rarely used because they are slow to grow plants and can be grown faster from cuttings and rhizome divisions. If you want the exact replica of the plant without variations, a rhizome division is the best method to multiply snake plants. It happens by nature and leaves rise to multiple small pups from base of the plant. You can separate these and grow as independent plants. You can also grow sansiraria from leaf cuttings. It is not as easy to do this but you can use certain tips and make it successful. I am showing you three things you should carefully do to make the cuttings successful. First make sure your knife or cutting tool is very clean and sharp. You can use spirit or hydrogen peroxide or even antiseptic solution like the detour from your home for state kit to wipe off this cutting tool. Then secondly make multiple pieces of about 1 to 2 inches and make sure you note the direction of the leaf upwards by making a mark on the cuttings. Otherwise your cuttings will fail to root. Thirdly the important tip here is you leave the cutting to dry and heal. That is to form a scab or callus for about 1 to 2 days and then insert them into the well-draining soil. This way you can increase your chances of rooting and no need of any rooting hormone to grow these cuttings. But this may not keep still 100% results but it is actually fun to do this. Do try this and let me know your results in the comment section below the video. Also you can try experimenting with aspirin solution, aloe vera gel, cinnamon powder etc. Please share your results with us. I will update you my results at my Instagram page. You can also watch a very nice video on this propagation method with the results by Dr. Suresh Chuprakash Agarwal's channel. You can check the link from the card of the top right corner of this video. So there we have it folks. That was our video on the snake clan and it's care plus propagation. If you liked the video please give a thumbs up and if you are new to the channel consider subscribing to the channel. Be Gourmet.