 This video is brought to you by Bella Canvas. The innovators behind black Heather and fast fashion just launched their very own YouTube channel. How to turn your blank t-shirt into your very own brand, okay, with a neck label, a print, and a hang tag coming up right now. What's up guys, Gary A. Jeanet and boy, do I have a special video for you guys today. We're going to take a blank t-shirt, okay, and this one is provided by the awesome people at Bella Canvas, and we are going to turn it into your very own t-shirt. And the great thing is we're going to have this awesome printed back neck label, all right. Now, the key to doing this and doing it so easy is the Ripperway tag, okay. Bella Canvas provides Ripperway tags in all their blanks, and we're about to show you how easy it is to brand your t-shirts using Bella Canvas T. So without any further ado, let's get into it. Okay, guys, this is Bella Canvas style 3001 Unisex Jersey Short Sleep T, and you can see that it has this awesome label in the back and the hang tag, and I'm going to show you the fabulousness, if that's even a word, of this because we can just rip this bad boy out, and once we rip it out, it now becomes a t-shirt that you can brand and buy. Make your own. It's as simple as that. Okay, guys, once you've ripped out your Ripperway, one of the keys is to put your brand in the back, okay. And doing another woven label is, you could do that, but those can get very itchy in the back. What you want is a printed label. It's great. It looks fantastic, and it does not itch, and it takes your line to the next level. One of the keys to putting that bad boy in is the heat presser. Now, you don't want to use your big heat press, all right. And you could buy a neck label heat press, but to me, I stress a bit over the top. So I have a hack. The key is to use a hat heat press, all right. Let me show you. Okay, guys, so this is your hat heat press. Very nice. And not too big machine. The reason why I say get this one instead of a machine that just does back neck labels, they're big, they're expensive. And this one is relatively inexpensive, and you get to knock out two birds with one stone. You can do your hats, you know, you can print hats, or you can put on embroidery patches. And you can also do your back neck labeling. If you want to get one of these, I'm going to put a link in the description box below the video to show you exactly where to get it. So let's get into it, man. Let's show you how we do it with this thing. Okay, right here, we have our unbrained t-shirt with nothing right here. Okay, so what we're going to do is we're going to take it, we're going to fold it inside out. So this is the back of our t-shirt. We know because we have our binding right here. Okay, and that's like our center point right there. So we're just going to put this right here on top of our press right here. This is a hat press comes in so handy. All right. Right here, we have our transfer courtesy of clothing labels for you. And you want this to be, you can kind of feel the ink and you want that to be face down. You know, it's right because when you look at it, it reads correctly. This way is wrong because it reads as a mirror image. Okay, you're going to put that right there on top. All right, center it nice. And you want to put your teflon sheet or whatever you have for protection. You want to lay that bad boy right there. And then you want to swing this around. And add a little bit of pressure. And this bad boy is a is a 350 degrees. We're going to go for about 15 seconds. Okay. Take off that. And this is a cool pill. So we're just going to pull this out. And we're going to let this get nice and cool. You can kind of feel it's still warm. Doesn't take with a few seconds. It's getting cooler and cooler. You can feel it. It's almost totally cool now. This takes about maybe 10 seconds or so. All right. Let's see. And then you can feel it. And pull it off and look at that. Can you see that? All right. That is a branded shirt. Okay. Branded shirt. Beautiful. And like that, you have yourself a branded shirt. All right. Guys. So the next thing that we're going to do now is you have that all squared away. We're going to actually put a print on the t-shirt. You can't have a t-shirt company without a print. So we're going to print the t-shirt. We're going to bring out the big bad boy. And we're going to print it. And let's make it happen. Okay. So I brought out the big boy. This is the big 16 by 20. I'm just taking it going to preheat it, put down the Teflon sheet. Here is our print. I'm just going to trim it off, put it underneath. And I'm going to make it happen. Add our Teflon sheet. Bam! It's going to let that bad boy go. And it's done. And there you have it. A printed t-shirt as well as a printed back neck label. That my friends is a branded t-shirt ready to sell. So I did a bunch of these just to show you how nice and professional it looks. And I added just a generic hang tag which you can get from clothing labels for you.com. Just to give it that extra possess. All right. The back neck labels you can also get at clothing labels for you.com. And of course the t-shirts themselves come from Bella Kimis. And if you want to learn more about how to do branding and making t-shirts like this, I have an entire course. Just go right up there and click that link, that card at the top. Or you can go down in the description box and check out my t-shirt branding course. All right. It'll blow your mind. Okay guys, we added the hang tag just to give it that. And that's it man. So make sure you go to Bella Canvas. Bella Canvas.com and get these awesome t-shirts man with these rip away tags. It'll take your brand to the next level. And if you want any more information for Bella Canvas, they have a fantastic YouTube channel. So if you like us, you're going to love them. They have information on how to price your t-shirts, how to print sublimation, celebrity interviews, so much information on how to get your t-shirt business started. So go up there. All right. And make sure that you get, oh, is it over here? Think it's over here. Go up there and make sure that you click and you subscribe to their YouTube channel. And also make sure you subscribe here at the t-shirt, help this channel. And make sure you click that notification bell right there. All right. That is the key. If you don't hit the notification bell, you won't be notified. I'm also doing a lot of live stuff from now on. So click and subscribe. And guys, as always, do something good for somebody. And if you don't have anyone to do something good for, do something good for yourself. As always, cheers to your t-shirt. Got none of a love for y'all. Been to put some but all my shoes and slide on out the door. Until the next time, peace.