 Hello, Namaste, Salam Walekum, Sastrikal. Welcome back to another session with your watch chef at Warawa.com. It looks like we are having a feast on puffs. And today I am going to show you how to make vegetable puff and also we are going to see at least two-three variety of shapes you can make this puffs into. Before I go ahead and make these vegetable puffs, I want you to understand the stuffing that goes inside this vegetable puff can be anything that you like. You can add potatoes, you can add mixed vegetables, you can make stuffing with paneer. All you have to remember is make whatever you make little bit dry. You know whatever stuffing that you can go into a kachori, that can go into a samosa, you know a cutlet masala, you can use all these mixture and stuff inside a puff. Just like we have some samosas that come sweet that come from Bengal, you can make even sweet stuffing that can go into these puffs. Lot of middle eastern sweets that are made with these kind of puff pastry. So not only that you can add the vegetable stuffing, you can also make sweet stuffing in these puffs. So I am going to show you how to make a simple vegetable puff. Here I just boiled some potatoes, some mixed vegetables inside this. I am going to put some spices in it and mix it up. All you do is add little bit oil, add little bit of cumin seeds. You can add even mustard seeds, whatever you want, you can add into this. Add pinch of turmeric and add a little bit of ginger garlic paste. Add pinch of salt, pinch of chilli powder and add all the mixed vegetables. Add little bit of chopped coriander. Now you can add little bit of coriander powder, little bit of chopped masala. If you want to add amchur powder, that is fine too. You don't have to follow this recipe, you can add your own spices and make a tasty mixture. You can add little lime juice. So I am just going to transfer it out. So now spread it nicely and let this mixture cool down before you make your vegetable puff. Now in the meanwhile, I have got a lot of puff pastry sheets here. I am going to roll this sheet. You can make various shapes, you can cut them into roundels. I will make some roundels. I have got some squares too. So I am going to put it on the tray. Now you can see I made a couple of them squares, a couple of them rounds. What I am going to do is I am going to put the stuffing and then seal them. Just put a little bit of the stuffing inside. Seal all of them on the edges, little bit with little water and then just turn them over and seal the edges. You can make any size you want. Usually a lot of people make bigger size but whenever I make it, I make it a little bit cocktail size. So you can eat in one bite. Also make into different shapes. A lot of times you get kind of a triangle. You can also make into kind of a rectangle or else you can make a round and then make into a half moon shape. Before baking, just put this in the freezer for 5 minutes and then put in the oven. So dear friends, it doesn't take much time to bake these puffs. It only takes around 10 minutes at 450 degrees Fahrenheit. So we are going to check them after they are baked. Okay. Dear friends, a lot of people try to make these puffs into really big size. You know I always like puffs which are bite size. You can eat dozen of them. Wow. Wow. Wow. It's really hard fresh from the oven. Wow. Dear friends, I hope you have enjoyed to learn how to make this wonderful vegetable puffs. You can add any mixture, any samosa mixture, kachori mixture, any cutlet masala, whatever you can put. You can put in this and seal these puffs and you will have wonderful snack for your parties. As I told you earlier, kids would love it when they come back home and they get some snack like this. So I hope you have enjoyed. But remember, whatever is all about inspiring others to cook. So please post your recipes and cooking tips. So others can benefit from your great work.