 Hello again, in this video we will be taking a look at the E-BAC 21-Liter 3 series compressor D-Humidifier. So what makes this D-Humidifier stand out from the rest? Well, it has smart control technology, an air purification mode and it's one of the most economical D-Humidifiers available on the market today, especially considering it will work on properties of all sizes. But it's the sheer ease of use and logical controls that really make this British MADHumidifier stand out from the crowd. But before we get into any of that, let's take a look around it. With its compact size and two-tone colouring, it should be pleasant to look at for most and blend in nicely in the home wherever you place it. Now let's take a look at the control panel and you'll notice that the control panel only has six buttons and a large clear LED display, making this D-Humidifier very simple and one of the easiest to set up. Let's take a look at those settings now. When you first turn on this D-Humidifier, you'll notice it automatically starts to run in smart mode. Smart mode is where the smart control technology comes into play. This mode constantly measures the temperature, humidity and environment around it, so it switches on and off, running only when required and in turn saving you money. If you press the mode button once more, the D-Humidifier will run on its maximum setting. And this is particularly useful for tackling any initial bad problems you may have before allowing the unit to run continuously once again in smart mode. Across the other side you will find the fan button. This toggles from low to high speed like so. And whilst on the subject, let's take a listen to smart mode fan speed 1 and maximum mode speed 2. I think you'll agree that smart mode is very quiet. In fact, one of the quietest I've heard, a maximum speed 2 is louder but doesn't have an unpleasant tone. In fact, it's rated at 46 decibels, this is just above the sound level of your average refrigerator. The timer button can be used when in maximum or laundry mode and allows you to set increments of 2, 4 or 8 hours or to simply run continuously, which brings me nicely to the laundry setting. This mode is great for when you have damp clothes in the house or on the air. Underneath you have the air purification mode and when this is set, the D-Humidifier stops from removing water from the air and instead pulls the air through the filter extracting impurities, which is great for air quality and those with allergies. Lastly we have the standby button which when in standby will be orange but if the water tank needs empty or it's not present, we'll indicate in red. As you've seen, the buttons and LED display are both easy to use and understand, making it one of the easiest to use the Humidifiers of ever used. To the front of the D-Humidifier there's a door that will be able to enlarge 2.5L compact water tank and with the non-spilled design this can easily be removed and emptied. From a moisture extraction point of view, this is rated at a maximum of 21L per day, otherwise known as 37p and with the water tank holding 2.5L at a time for most households this will possibly mean emptying the tank twice per day, once in the morning and once in the evening. With the maximum power consumption rated at an impressively low 180 watts, that makes this unit amongst the cheapest to run on the market today, especially one that's powerful enough for nearly all properties and occupancies. If we just turn the unit around for a moment, you will notice a very easy connection point for a continuous draining hose should you need that feature. The carbon filter is easily removed by sliding the casing upwards and can be cleaned gently with a vacuum. An manufacturer recommends cleaning the filter once a month and replacing it every four months for optimum performance. In terms of weight and portability, at 13kg it's not the lightest D-Humidifier out there, but it's still easily lifted into face file handle concealed behind the filter and to be fair with a whole house D-Humidifier like this, you probably don't need to move it around, although there are optional casters available if you need them. Now because this is a compressive based D-Humidifier, it will work best in a heated home, but as long as you can heat your house up or 15 degrees centigrade, a D-Humidifier with this low power consumption rating should outperform most alternatives such as a desiccant, although the manufacturer states it still remains effective as low as 10 degrees centigrade, impressive stuff. Okay, so let's move on to the real world tests. If you want to read about how well tested the environment I'm in, please visit the website link provided in the description bar below. I'm now going to run two simple tests. Test one will be a two hour run on smart mode and the results will be shown in the video. Test two will be a two hour run on maximum setting, but to save time and boredom you can find those results on the website, links provided in the description bar, the iCards and at the end of the video. At the end of each test any water collected will be measured and the reduction in humidity levels noted. Right, let's get started. The humidity in the lounge now has just reached 68%, and the temperature is 21.7 degrees C. All we have to do now is wait two hours. Well, it's the halfway stage now, so let's take a quick peek at the progress so far. The lounge temperature has now warmed up slightly to 22.2, and the humidity is already down to 58%. And let's take this opportunity to measure the wind speed and exhaust temperature. Wind speed as with most of the humidifiers is stronger on one side than the other side due to the fan positioning inside the body. The wind speed averages around 9mph at a very close range at the strongest point, and the exhaust temperature is currently a nice 25.4 degrees C, which is a few degrees warmer than the temperature of the lounge. In visual terms, if I hold this tassel scarf in front of the exhaust for a moment, you can see the effect on airflow. It's a very gentle, wafted, close range, nothing more. OK, the full two hours is over now, and as you can see, the humidity is down to 54%, and the temperature has warmed slightly to 22.4 degrees centigrade. Right, so let's see what we've collected. OK, so that's 370 milliliters, which is a very respectable amount for a simple two-hour economy run. Well, that brings this video to an end, and if you want to see the results of test two, which was a two-hour run on maximum mode, the price, to buy it, or read the manual, visit the website links provided here or in the description bar. Thanks for watching.