 Hey, I'm Brian Landrie from Born Restaurant in New Orleans. I'm also the chef for the Gulf Seafood Marketing Coalition, which means I'm here to talk to you about fresh wild caught sustainable Gulf Seafood. One of my favorite fish that comes out of the Gulf is Pompano. It's a very versatile fish, it's mild, it's white fleshed, it's a little firmer than your typical Gulf fish like Grupper or Snapper or Redfish, but I really love this one. And you can cook this fish in a variety of different ways. You can saute it, grill it, broil it, but today we're going to smoke it. We're going to make a smoked Pompano dip. All I've done so far is put it in a very simple brine. Two quarts of water, a cup of sugar, and a half a cup of kosher salt, and I've let it sit in there for about five or six hours in the refrigerator. But what we have is just a foil pan, pick that up at any grocery store, and a second foil pan that we've poked some holes in. And that's going to help us create our smoke. All we need to get started, a couple of charcoals, getting hot, you can do it right on your stove top, put them right on the eye, and get them white hot. There's a cool little thing you can buy at most places that sell barbecue pits. It's called smoke dust. And it's like wood chips, but it's ground a little finer. This actually will help you smoke a lot faster, because the wood doesn't have to be soaked in water. You don't have to wait for it. And the charcoals will help burn this a little faster than it would a big chunk of wood. So today we're using a little bit of hickory. This is the hickory smoke dust, pick it up at a local barbecue store. And we're going to put that right in the bottom of our deep metal pan. Pretty simple stuff. We have our charcoals, getting white hot. Just use a couple of tongs. Barry, those right in, we can turn the flame off. Get those going right in the smoke dust. Put a couple of wood chips right on top. And you can see the smokes already starting. So we put our pan over it. We'll put the skin side down. You can see it's starting to smoke already. And then we'll just put a lid on it. And pop it in the oven. We have our oven at about 200 degrees lowest setting. We're only going to smoke for about 30 minutes. The pompano is just going to cook through. It'll still be nice and moist. And it's going to soak up all of that hickory smoke. To make this dip, it's fairly simple. We're going to start with a little fresh salad. Make a incision. A couple of cuts this way. And we're going to find dice that shallot. Come back. Make sure there's no big chunks. We're going to add that to our mixing bowl. We also have some capers. We also have some horse radish. She's a prepared horse radish. Good little spice to it. This is a little bit of sour cream. And finally a little bit of cream cheese. And we're going to mix that all together. You can do this in a little kitchen aid mixer if you want. But if you've allowed the cream cheese to get soft, that room temperature, you won't need to do that. It'll just mix right in as you can see here. We'll add a little bit of fresh chopped parsley. A couple of cranks of pepper. And some salt. We'll get that in going. And finally, we're going to add a little bit of lemon zest and juice. We want to get all those nice, lemony oils from the zest. We'll zest that right in. And a little bit of juice. Make sure we don't get any seeds. All right. So our pompano should be ready. It's been smoking in our low oven 200 degrees for about 20 minutes. If you don't want to do this inside, you could easily do the same thing on your barbecue pit outside. Keep that flame on low. Close the lid. 200 degrees. Smoke your pompano. Same way. Check it out. And again, if you want to open it outside, because it does, it can make your house smell like you got a barbecue going on. But you got this beautiful smoked pompano coming out right there. Man, this stuff smells so good already. And you can see how moist this fish is, how much water it's retained. That's from brining it ahead of time. It won't dry out. And we're going to just flake this fish right into the dip. If the fish is still a little warm, it'll actually help soften the cream cheese. We're going to peel it right off the skin and get rid of the skin. But we can use the rest of it. Just flake it right on in. You can see how easily the skin peels right off. And just break it up. All right. Looking and smelling delicious. All right. So we'll mix that pompano into that sour cream, with shallot and caper, fresh parsley, lemon zest. It's going to be delicious. The smoked pompano dip, some olive oil croutons, or my personal favorite. We have a little zaps potato chips. This, any of these, anything crunchy to spread right on. This dish is going to be great. Little fresh parsley garnish. Man, you talk about it delicious. This is it.