 Okay, so in this video we're going to cover off the subject of pool cloths. You might think it's quite simple, do you just choose, I don't know, blue or green for example. But as with everything in life it's a bit more complicated than that, so I'm going to take you through all the differences between the different types of cloth that are available. The first thing we're going to look at then are English pool table cloths. Okay, so the standard cloths that come on our pool tables are made by one of two manufacturers. They're both based in England. We've got Haynesworth, they're based up in Leeds and we've got Strachan, which are based, just up the road from us here in Bristol, they're actually based in Strachan. Strachan is sometimes pronounced strong. You may want to actually recognise the brand Strachan. They used on the competition tables using the Snooker World Championships for example, but also the pool world championships are also used on tables that are fitted with a Strachan cloth. Now as standard on our tables you can choose from a range of colours. So depending on what the manufacturer is it will depend on the different colours that they keep in stock as standard. Pretty much on every table you can choose from green, blue, red or burgundy for example. But some manufacturers will also keep colours such as black or they may will keep grey in stock. So depend upon the table that you're choosing you'll be able to see on our website that all the different standard colours are listed in there and you'll be able to see the zero cost against them. You can pick whichever colour you fancy and there's me no extra charge for choosing that particular colour. Now you may choose to upgrade your cloth to a wider range of colours and I'll take you through those options now. Okay, so if you choose to upgrade your cloth what's the benefit you're getting from that? Well it's two things really. The production process that that cloth goes through is more lengthy, it's a finer grade of cloth but also the second thing and probably most important is it gives you a wider range of colour choices. So smart is the most popular choice for upgraded cloths and this is made by Haynesworth as I said they're based up in leads and you can see from this sample card here there's a choice of 23 different colours to choose from. Now in terms of choosing which colour it's up to you which one do you prefer? A lot of customers are trying to pull the room together and will want to choose a cloth colour that maybe matches their curtains or matches the the colour on their sofa or the decoration in their room and the smart cloth range is fantastic. It gives you a huge choice of different colours so you can get exactly the sort of colour that you're looking for. Now if you want we can send you out one of these sample cards and you can go through that in your own home but if you come down to our showroom we've got these large sample sets available and here's a very small sort of set of these different ones and because they're so large you've got opportunities to put them down on the table and sort of see how that colour of cloth complements maybe the colour that the table is going to come in and it gives you a very wide range of choices so you can get exactly the look that you're after. Okay so onto American cloths. First of all this is talk about how they actually feel and how you can identify an American cloth so rather than the English cloth which has got the fuzzy surface to it this has got a very smooth surface you can actually see the weave of the cloth as you look at it and as you put your hand across it it feels very smooth and it's not directional towards you but your hand in any direction feels exactly the same and because it doesn't have the fuzzy surface it does play a lot faster than an English pull cloth. Okay so onto your choices of American pull cloth now this is more complicated why is that you're wondering? Well it's because the American pull tables that we sell are made from all around the world so we saw some in Europe we saw some from the States so you've got Italy Spain France Belgium all making pull tables and from the States always you got companies like Diamond for example and Brunswick and they'll tend to use a certain manufacturer's cloth so therefore when you're trying to choose your table pick your table first and then look at the cloth options that are available with that table and each of our website listings will tell you what the standard cloths are that are available with that particular model and if there are any upgrade options that you can choose from now if you're particularly wanting a certain color from a certain manufacturer to be fitted to your table we can cope with that for you so simply tell us I really want to have this wonderful gold color from example which is made by a company called Simonis these are Meridian Belgium if that's a color that you want and you want it to go on say an American table that's been made by Brunswick we can cope with that for you just tell us what you want we'll make all the arrangements and we'll fit it for you accordingly but in terms of looking at the choices available to your standards as I say have a look at the website and that will guide you I'm going to take you through the different main manufacturer types that we sell so we've talked about Simonis first of all these come on generally the European tables and they come in quite a range but not all of those different colors are available free of charge on all the different models so check each model specifically but the range of Simonis cloth colors you can see is fantastic loads of great colors there and again in the showroom we've got much larger samples if you're actually sort of compare the different colors against a certain a finish of table you're able to pop down here you can check that and see which combination really suits the look that you're after so that's Simonis next choice is Elite Pro now this is made by Haynes with we talked about Haynes with when we were looking at English pool cloths made in England made in Leeds and again they do a great range of colors you can see the arrangements as available here and again we've got much larger samples so you can compare them on a table in the showroom again strapping we talked about them earlier with English pool cloth that they also do American cloth and their range is called Super Pro again a huge range of different choices available to you so you could have a look there you may all find that a particular shade by a particular manufacturer is the one that you're after so that's fine if that's what you need we can order that for you and make it happen lastly let's look at Brunswick for example so Brunswick actually fit their own cloths to their tables they do two different types of do contender as standard there's about eight different colors available there or you can upgrade to Centennial and one of the benefits of going for a Centennial cloth is it's actually it's actually finished with Teflon you might associate Teflon with being on your frying pan but there's actually a Teflon coating is applied to a Centennial cloth that Brunswick make and this means that if there's a small spillage on your table that liquid will actually bead on the surface of the cloth and not instantly soak in so you can actually drape a kitchen towel over the top of it and it will absorb that don't rub it in because it will go into the cloth but it could save you a very expensive recover by just being able to if you've got a few light splashes you'll be able to soak that up and it won't go into the nap of the cloth and that would be the benefit of upgrading on a Brunswick table to a Centennial cloth because you'll get in that added feature as a benefit. Okay so in summary it might appear a little bit complicated but we can take that complication away if you will help guide you in terms of sort of choosing your cloth the positive is that there is a huge range of different colors that you can get and that's quite exciting that you can choose all these different shades and we carry all the different top manufacturers so whatever color you want or put it the brand that you want we can order that for you and we can fit it to the table for you to get exactly the combination that you're looking for.