 Hi, I'm Lauren Fick's the car coach. Do you have fluid leak under your car? Many of us don't know what it is or how to diagnose it, but here's a simple way to be your own private investigator. Take an old piece of cardboard or a sheet or some poster board and slide it underneath your vehicle during the night. And the morning, you'll have your answer. Each fluid has a different color. It can also have different texture. And the best way to do that is by looking at each color and actually touching it. Bright green is red or coolant. This is very slippery to the touch, but coolant can also be red or other colors, so be sure to check with your owner's manual or even talk to a technician. Light brown or dark brown is the color of oil. And it's often light brown when it's fresh and new and darker as it gets older, but make sure to change your oil every 5,000 miles. If you have bright blue fluid, that could be washer fluid, but remember, winter washer flours can be orange, pink, yellow and even purple. Light brown, if it has a strong odor of rat necks, this is 90 weight or gear loop and it may be leaking underneath your rear axle or possibly under your transmission. Red fluid is automatic transmission fluid or power steering fluid. Note where the fluid is coming from. It could be long life coolant and you want to make sure to get the right replacement. If the fluid is clear, it could be power steering fluid or water from a condenser from your air conditioning unit. Light yellow, bright fluid is light yellow when it's new and as it absorbs water over a long period of time, it gets dark and muddy. Bright fluid absorbs water 2% over one year, so you should have your bright fluid changed every other year. If the fluid is amber and smells like gasoline, this is a serious concern and you want to make sure that's taken care of right away. The location of the leak could also be a dead giveaway. Being a good sleuth makes it obvious to conclude that there will not be an antifreeze leak in the back of the vehicle. Now the government tends to use fluid's different colors for safety reasons, it also assists you during maintenance schedules too. You want to keep a sharp eye on the leaks that are underneath your vehicle. It can be frustrating as well as dangerous and if you're unsure, make sure to see a certified technician because you want to be your own fluid investigator. Even James Bond needs a little help every once in a while. I'm Lauren Fick's The Car Coach.