 Alright guys, I'm going to show you how to burn a tree stump with a 55 gallon barrel. The easiest way I found to do it, by using charcoal, it's easiest. I don't have to look for limbs. It burns nice and hot, burns for a long time and gets the job done. Here's one tree stump. Big pine tree, probably as thick as this one here. This is probably after a day. Burn's out quickly. Here is a shield drum that's hollowed out. Put this right over the tree stump or on top of the tree stump. This is the one I'm going to be putting right here. I think it was put cross hatches with my chainsaw and put some weed killer in it. This has been in about two weeks. Then I'll usually pour some kind of oil or some diesel or a caracene wherever you have laying around. I wouldn't use gas, it just evaporates too quickly. Caracene has a higher flashpoint, I believe, so it's going to burn a little hotter. But once you put the charcoal in, set it, forget it. Alright, so this is the chimney that I use to charcoal chimney. This thing is great, especially for grills. Never need a lighter fluid ever again. I'll show you guys how to use that in a second. Charcoal chimney. I can just put the charcoal in here. Put paper in here. It'll take about five to ten minutes. Have a big flame. These are cowboy tongs. It uses to move the charcoal around inside the barrel or once inside my sheet metal duct that I used to burn smaller tree stumps. Pour charcoal right in here. And a few hours later, the pump is gone. This is from, I think this is a ten or twelve inch from an HVAC system. Get these with the big box stores. This works great because it really isolates the heat, keeps it really hot in there. Ah, trees don't burn a lot quicker. Charcoal lighter. And on this side here, I like using three full pieces of newspaper. Drunk a little more. Like I said, you can use this for drilling the charcoal much better to do it. Make sure it will catch nice and hot. All right. I get to do this flip it over. I usually put this on a piece of concrete block or anything that's non-flammable. All right, after you flip it over, pour the charcoal inside. What I like to do is, a lot of couple spots. All right. It's going to produce a ton of smoke. So you may want to step back for a while. Like I said, put this on a non-flammable surface concrete block. That's what I like to use. Give us about five, ten minutes. You'll see some flames. And when you see a nice hot fire in there, then you're ready to pour it out. All right. See the flames inside the starter? Tons of smoke. You see the flames start to pop out here. It's been about five minutes. And this is the Weber Chimney starter for coal. You don't need to use starter fluid anymore to get one of these. I bought a couple of things from Walmart. What you can do is, just set this actually in the grill itself. And you look at the flames. That's where you know it's ready. You know what you can see it. It's nice and hot. If you're just grilling, you pour directly into the grill and you're ready to go. All right. So here is my sheet metal tube. And the tube will let it burn for a while. Pour the charcoal in from the Chimney starter into the sheet metal HVAC tube. It's about ten or twelve inches. As you can see, it's getting really hot in there. What I'll do now, throw my steel drum on top of this, keep the heat in and let it burn. And this is again that it'll look like after a day. I'm working with a bigger surface area. I've removed my HVAC my HVAC tube. This can see it's burning. It's been about 20 minutes. And this tree stop is going to be burned out probably next four or five hours. It's really hot. Charcoal doing a great job. I'm going to do a great job. I'm going to do a great job. I'm going to do a great job. Charcoal doing a great job. That's all there is to it. Alright guys, I also forgot to mention, I always have three, five gallon buckets of water just in case. Anything that my fire hose out to where it is or my hose. To put out the fire house, I'll have that. I always have a bunch of water around to the case you need to put it out.