 What is going on y'all welcome back to Fishin' With Norby today we are doing a rainbow trout catching cook my boy Nathan Caught some awesome trout in Colorado, but today we're putting these trout on the grill He is already clean them get it on took the heads off But we are cooking them whole as you can see just took the butter out of the microwave I'm gonna be combining it with some extra virgin olive oil gonna put about a tablespoon in there Just to keep them nice and moist on the grill Gonna put a little creel seasoning in not a ton it's got a bunch of salt in it We're gonna put some garlic salt in as well I get a good garlic flavor along with the different creel seasonings That'll be pretty good put some onion powder in there Oh, yeah gonna finish it off with some pepper. What do you think Nathan? Looks pretty good. Yeah, I think so. I think it's gonna be real good. Get some lime juice Squirt in there probably teaspoon of lime juice And we're stir all this up. This is gonna be our marinade We're gonna put it on these chow let them sit for a few minutes before we stick them on the grill Oh, yeah, that looks good. I could drink that Okay, I'm gonna put these chow on aluminum foil on the grill that way they don't fall apart at all on me And then I'm gonna double wrap it eventually, but I'm just putting one coat down for right now Fold the sides up that way this butter doesn't run all over the counter All right, that's gonna be good That marinade down in them Let them soak for a little bit It looks so good Nathan's over here got his rice cooker gome. We're also grilling a little bit chicken. It's gonna be good Gonna wrap these up here real quick All right, giving it a second wrap here keep it nice and moist and all the moisture inside of it that way if I get a hole Doesn't dry out All right, we are ready to move it to the grill Gonna fire up the grill here Heat it up to about three 50 to 400 and let these Trout roast Okay, grill is heated up to 350 We're gonna go ahead and set these trout right there and then like I said, I also got some chicken going It's been marinating that it's gonna be some good eating I'm gonna let these trout cook for about 15 minutes and they should be done at that temperature I'll come out every five minutes or so monitor the heat see if it gets above 400 I'll turn the grill down just a little bit interview from eto on the trout Well first off, I fished in the roaring fork basically to be these big boulders in the river And behind it little eddies or pools or whatever you want to call it and the trout would be stacked in there And you throw it right to the side of it where the currents are ripping through it and it kind of sucked your fly into it And then that's when they grab it and just set the hook and fight for your life and when they run down the the river you run after him and Or your buddy nets it down the stream, but There's a lot of fun. That's awesome. Yeah, let's go check out that footage right now Oh It's been about five minutes so far. I'm out here gonna flip the chicken. Oh, yeah, I guess I'm good grill marks on it There we go. Grilling with Nordy. This is my first Cooking episode. I think I've done I might have been cooking a couple deer steaks at the end of some of my other videos I think we're gonna start to do a few more catching cook episodes. Tell me if you like this I know I didn't catch this trout, but Nathan caught it. We got some footage of that Just let me know if you want me to do some more catching cook videos I really enjoy cooking and and you make food that's a lot better than what you can get at the restaurant usually so why not? Okay, we're gonna check the chicken here see if it's done. Oh, yeah This chicken is good to go. I bet the fish is probably done too. We're gonna take it off It's been right at about 12 minutes and the grill got a little hot on us So got done a little early, I think You know pull that trout right there open it up make sure it's done. Oh, it smells good. Oh look at that Oh, man, does that look good That skin will just peel back and we'll be able to flake it right off the bones That's gonna be some good fish. All right, we're peeling the skin off here Trout just flakes off like that Hmm, would it good we get to eat and we'll see you guys next time on fish with Norby