 Get ready for my most exciting video yet. Washing my underwear in Mexico. Ooh, stay tuned. I'm gonna do something that people have done for years and years and years. Out here, I have a balcony. One of the things I have here. Here's a wash tub. It's the old scrub, scrub, scrub. I have to wash them underwear. And that's just a blight here. Maybe you do that. Most everybody has washing machines, I guess. I don't. And then, I can dry it later. And when I put it on this clothesline, it'll dry in no time at all. The water's warm because they have what they call Tanaka. Which is up on the roof. It's this big black plastic container where the water goes up there. They pump the water up there and then as you need water, grab and just pull it down to the bathroom or her to the kitchen or whatever. But since it's up there and also it's a black, the sun just kind of warms the water. So this is natural water but it's warm because it's hot out. Okay, get in now. Rinse them out. There goes the church bells. You can count how many times it ranks. There's two now. It should ring 20 times. Go ahead and count them. Yep. 20 times. It's count. Now there might be one or two more. There's one. Maybe one more. Two. I think that should be it. Okay. One more. This is exciting, isn't it? Did you ever watch a YouTube video where guys washing out is underwear? Oh man, the things you can see on YouTube, I'll tell you. Okay, I think we got this. All right, I have a confession to make. I don't wash all my clothes by hand. Just down the block is a Le Venduria. It's a little business where there's some women and they have some washing machines. I take my clothes there. They wash it, they dry it, they fold it and then they give it back to me within about a day. They charge by the kilo. So they have a little scale there. I put it on the scale and usually it costs me about four dollars more less US every time I take a load of laundry there. Sometimes if I run out of socks or underwear, yes, I will use the old fashion way and wash it by hand. My YouTube channel could be divided into two parts. The one part is sometimes I have some videos that talk about everyday life. What it's like living here, what I experience first hand. The other part is about my travels through Mexico, exploring new areas, finding places that were referrals, that maybe my not necessarily be on other travel companies radar. Because I'm always keeping my ear to the ground and listening to what people are saying and places to go. When I check it out, sometimes they pan out and it's like, wow, this is a really cool place. Other times I go, I'm not quite sure. You know that happens, but I go first and check it out. That way I know first hand what I'm promoting. Then if I find a place, I get together with my design team. I have a small group of people here and what we do is we work together, we figure out the logistics and we try to incorporate going to that area and maybe a bigger tour. It might be seven days, ten days, twelve, fourteen days. And we try to include those places. That way you're going to someplace you need. You can find our tours at MexicoPocationTourers.com. We also do a lot of custom designing. So if you have some kind of idea, somebody told you about some place that was cool, somebody had fun, you've done your due diligence by checking out on the internet. You have some ideas. We can put it together for you. I'm sure we can do that. We have a network of tour guides, hotels, restaurants, transportation throughout the entire country. So I'm sure we could help you out. If you are a subscriber or a ready to my channel, thank you. I appreciate it. If you'd like to subscribe, you're welcome to do that. You can also like this video and stay in touch because every week I'm coming out with another video. Like I said, it might be about life in Mexico through my eyes or it might be about my travels and what I'm experiencing. That's it for now. Thanks for watching everybody. And as they say in Spanish, I still owe you a go, which means I'll see you later. But this video channel about Mexico could be my design team and I. We put together that part of you like this video and gives it a thumbs up. And I think I'm going to start again.