 Hi, today we are going to make this lovely cabassa meal that you are going to need, capped up cabassa into chunks, whatever flavor you like. I went to the dollar store and I got free, pre-prop-frozen onions and yellow and red and green peppers which saved me lots of time on cutting them up and you need a cup of beef broth. Now all of this is kind of in a weird way because I am doing a freezer meal. So I have already pulled it out and defrosted it but you can do this from scratch whenever you need to, you don't need to freeze it, that is my requirement to do this. The one thing I forgot to tell you is that you are also going to need some kind of pop so we prefer this and you have to have it cooking and ready to go in your cabassa mixture at the end. So I am just going to go ahead and start that, put it on high. Nice for a little bit of olive oil in there so that will be ready to go. Next I am going to pour some olive oil into this to cook the cabassa. I used turkey cabassa because I kind of want to be healthier at least pretend that I am. So we are just going to put that in and let that heat it up and put the cabassa in and let that start to cook up. Okay now my water is boiling and then I am going to put my noodles in. My cabassa is frying up and that is what I want. We like it a little on the brown side. So cook it to whatever style, flavor, level of cooking you like. I like it nice and brown so we are trying to get brown and I have some of the vegetables in here so just don't pay attention to them right now. And if you just keep cooking the cabassa we are going to check on this in a minute. Okay as you can see my cabassa is getting brown and I am getting brown in the bottom of the can which is always yummy too. I forgot to tell you how much cabassa is used. We used two whole cabasses because we like it so much and one just wasn't enough with all of the ingredients. So just thought I would let you know and again we will check that out in a minute. Okay I have put that cabassa as much as I like it and I am going to take it out right now out of the pan because I want to cook the onions and the peppers separately. Okay and I am going to turn it down a little bit because it is going to be a little high and add a little bit more olive oil. I got nice brown on the pan maybe a little too brown so make sure you watch it. Just don't get too much and now I am going to put my onions and my peppers. And again I bought these at the dollar store they came in a package and I am not sure how much is in it but I know that it seems to work well for us. And I just want to warm them up, put them through, get a little brown on. Because there was water in it from the fine it is lifting up some of that brown adding some flavor. And marinating the peppers and onions into that yummy cabassa flavor. Okay now with our peppers soaking up the mixture I am going to re-add the cabassa and I am going to mix it all around and let that cook back through again. If at this point your pasta still has a while to go it is not exactly ready yet because we only have one more step after this. Then I would turn it on low but I am at all down, turn it on low and put a cover on it till your pasta is ready. And my pasta isn't so we will check that. My pasta is now ready so I am going to dump it into my pan and I am going to put my beef broth in. You may choose to use more beef broth. The whole reasoning is that you want the noodles to suck up the juice and turn nice and brown. So we are going to give that a few moments and start stirring it up. Getting more. When you are all done you can serve it a number of ways. My daughter and I just found out that we love putting shredded cheddar cheese on it. Maybe a little sour cream. I don't know the smacks to me if the heat is for some reason. It makes me hungry for them. But experiment what your favorite things are to put on them. Okay that was that easy. Thanks a lot for watching my video and have a great day.