 It was going on guys today's video I'm going to show you real quickly here how to put on a new toilet seat lid Now let's say you have a cracked toilet seat, nor it's just too small or you want to switch to a padded one Or from a padded one to a hard surface and when I mean hard surface I mean this right here where your bottom goes right there now of course this is you know some foam padding This is a brand new one here Forgive I was cleaning so that's clean tissue in there don't worry about that But this is just some padding that protects the the seat there from transportation purposes when you buy it Now we went with a more of an oval shape here. Let me show you the old one here We just moved into this place and here's the old one around one now for Larger people this would not be suffice but For for you know this this I was perfectly fine with this one, but my wife wanted a little bit bigger I want but anyway, so here's the hardware you have two nuts and bolts here And they're not really nuts and bolts but kind of they it's a Phillips head here and Right here is the bottom of here and this kind of locks into place underneath the backside Had access that these things just flip up From this way and just put them straight in there. That's how I removed it But let me show you how to put it back on a new one here. So Again, that's clean tissue. I just cleaned the toilet. So don't worry about that So what I'm gonna do here is Right back here these lift up of course like I just showed you on the other one And what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna this is the new hardware that came with here again same thing here You just slip this straight in here and there's holes on the bottom of your toilet seat right there And so you want to slip in both of those I'm just gonna show you want to make this video short and then you take your little clips that it comes in right And what you do here is these little things kind of lock into place down below with their threaded on the inside So I'm gonna set the camera down real quick and I'm just gonna thread this on underneath here And it's gonna go straight on here see that it's gonna go straight right there and then we're gonna tighten it down So give me one second let me hand thread it on and I'll be right back with you. Okay now that both my screws are hand tightened in Again, you just hold it at the bottom here and kind of hand thread that in a little bit Now what I do is I hold this bottom one with my hand here And then kind of jump that up and down and then I'm gonna take my little, you know, hand drill or whatever you want You know, I'm gonna grab this I'm gonna jam it on in there and tighten it down here and I'll try to get my wife to help me film so I can do that for you Okay, and after holding the bottom Now it is completely tight that side there I'm gonna go over to this side hold it again on the bottom here tighten that one down Clip those lids on and you're all set with your new toilet seat lid. All right now that both of these are tightened down. I'm gonna go ahead and Snap these into place here. There's little holes right there. So I'm trying to film and do this at the same time. There we go And this one There we go there. So we are all Set there. Okay, so we got these tightened down real nice We got the new toilet seat. Let's give it a let's give it a nice Nice Wash there We're in the United States. So for sickos counterclockwise. That's real beautiful right there That's gonna be just lovely. That's gonna be just lovely. I'm gonna probably We're probably hit this probably about half an hour, you know, test it out Give it a little test drive here, but anyway guys again. Thanks for watching the video thumbs it up share with your friends That's how you put on a new toilet seat Enjoy your first one of the first one of the new toilet seat enjoy take care guys look at the description box below also for toilet seat links and Tool links so you can read up or purchase it if you want so look down below and description box take care guys You