 Music Amber, do you guys hear back at you? Oh damn, what do we got in front of us? We got some ingredients in front of us. No, no, it's not home brood time. It's time to infuse the booze. That's right, summertime's coming guys. And I built in the closet and I said damn, I'm at an albolo moose. And that's coconut flavor and rum. I use it a lot of mixture. If you know I like making the cocktail, you got to mix your account too. Check out the playlist. You'll like it. And I'm going to have to do something. I have no more Malibu, but I got a pretty decent amount of just white rum here left over. I like don't cool. I don't keep wanting to say it. And I'm going to use the rest of this up and get me a new big bottle. So, what am I going to do with this left over? Is why I'm going to make coconut rum? How do we make coconut rum? First, we get ourselves a mage jar. This one's sanitized. You can boil it. You can spray sanitizers in there. You don't have to sanitize it technically because there's booze in here. But, and it's over here. It's 80 proof. But, why take the risk? So, I sanitized it with star sand. You can also boil the sanitizing. So, we've got that. We've got some bakers coconut. I use the pre-sweetened type because coconut rum to me should be a little bit sweet. This already has the sweetener in it. And it has potassium menopause sulfate in it. Which will stop any possibility of excess bacteria growth that could occur. So, it's extra safe. Kind of like when you're making some home brew and you're using, or like a home brew cider, and you're using natural or fresh fruit. So, what do we do? First, I've got my manoeuvres cup here. And I've saved you the tea in my measured out a cup of this flaked coconut. And we're going to put that into our jar. We're baggier over here. Pretty simple. The stuff's already in clumps because it's moist already. And he's saying, DJ, why are you spilling the almond slaw? But you're also putting a lot in there. It looks like trust me. To get coconut flavor out, and I've tried the home brew with coconut, and make cider to have coconut in it. To get your coconut flavor in there, you've got to use plenty of it. Okay, so, we've got a full cup in there. Now, we're going to top this off and fill it to the brim with rum. So, man, there should let it just, when you can just pour your drinks like that all the time, just let that bottle go and not have repercussions later and all those happy things. And it looks like I had exactly the right amount to go to that. Now, you could do this with vodka or ever clear too if you wish. I prefer, man, this smells good, the sweetness and flavor of the rum, myself. Now, basically what we're making here is like a coconut extract almost. When the make extracts, they basically use alcohol to take the flavor out of whatever they're using. Fruit, coconut, lemon, what have you. So, give it a shake. We've got a big mass in here. Boom, we've got a nice shake up there. And there you have it. That's going to infuse out and over the course of a few days, I'm going to give it two weeks. I think that's about what it takes to get a really good extraction out of that. I'll take pictures along the way and video me when we back in Approximately 2, 2 and a half weeks, something like that. We'll do a bit of a tasting and let you know how it goes. And until the next time, we're actually to the next part of the video. Peace. Hey guys, I'm back. Time to finish up our coconut rum. And unfortunately, well, or fortunately, who knows, doesn't really matter so much. But it hasn't been too weak since the last time. I made a video for you on this. I forgot about this and my cabinet actually I've been neglected to look at the label on the top of the jar and see what data I had on it. I just kept shaking it and shaking it forever. And it's been nearly four months since I started this project. It doesn't really matter so much because you're infusing rum. So, it's sitting in there. We've got 40% alcohol boo sitting on this. You're going to be just fine. So, we've got some real simple tools to do this. We've got our jar funnel here, our canning jar funnel. We've got our jar that's been sanitized both of these with StarSan. We also have our sort of tea filter maybe you call it or whatever you want to call it, tea strainer. And that's also been sanitized with StarSan as has our cup here, our measuring cup. Now, I'm going to filter this, start out, filter it down through this strainer. And then we'll move on to our number four coffee filter which we'll put inside of here. So, open up the can. All right, good. It's popped. This has been on for a while. Now look, it's separated out on the top. As I poured out, I don't know if you can see at the top is really quite white. I don't want to spill it. The fat separates out actually out of this. I gave it a good shake before I popped the top and got started here. So, it's real simple. We just start pouring it into here and our coconut, mash or whatever will filter into there. And you come out with a liquid, you see. Here's all of our coconut. This smells divine by the way, guys. I guess maybe that extra time was good. Man, that smells lovely. As you can see, we've got our coconut in the jar there. I'm going to work through some of this and press it down a little bit. And I'll spare you that. We'll get it in here and then I'll come back and we'll start putting it through the paper filter. Back in the light. Okay, guys, I'm back. As you can see, we've got all of our coconut here that was in the jar. If you taste this, which I did, there's almost no coconut taste in it. It's really small. The only taste I was getting off is some of the coconut rum that was actually trapped in that fiber that's left over. That's basically what you got now. So, we'll take our number four coffee filter. Move our stuff around here. We've got our join funnel here. Our canning funnel, whatever you want to call it. Put our number four filter in here. Number four fits really well. And we're going to do something real technical. We're going to pour the infused rum into the filter. Wow. Look at that magic. So, we're going to let that filter down. I'm going to spare you this process because it's kind of slow. It'll filter down. It'll take out a lot of the fats and things that are in there. And I'll be right back when this process is through. Back to black. Okay, guys, I'm back. We got our first filtering done. And as you can see, it's still pretty cloudy and white. But it got a lot of those fats out of there when I cleared it out of the filter. So, what we're going to do is we're going to give it another filtering. You see I've got another filter set up here. And once again, it's real technical when you go to filter this. We've got number four paper coffee filter. Then we pour in the magic liquid. Yes. And it filters. We're going to let this process go because it's low going through the coffee filter. And we'll be back and flash what it's done. Hey, guys, I'm back. You can see we're done our second filtering here. And it's getting a lot more clear than the last time. All those fats are pretty much out of it. There's a little bit of trub left in there or leaves, whatever you want to call it. So, I think I'm going to give it one more go through the filter. I'll be back once this is done. And we'll see how clear it gets back. Alright guys, I'm back. We got our coconut rum filtered down three times. And as you can see, it's pretty darn clear now. That's about as clear as this is going to get. It's not like a commercial product where they got a heavy filtering that they run it through. Or like I'm saying, Malibu rum is rum with coconut liquor added to it to make it that coconut rum. This is actually coconut infused rum straight up. You see it here in the shot glass. It's a lot more clear, easier to see than have that thick glass of the mason jar there. Let's get a nose on this and tell you what the rum is like and everything. I wonder if it'll smell like coconut. Let's see. Man, nice coconut smell. A bit of sweetness. Because remember, in this I use sweetened coconut. Not just roasted coconut or just plain coconut. I use the sweetened coconut because instead of having to put a whole bunch of like simple syrup or something in this, like a lot of folks do when they make a coconut infused rum, I wanted it to be less affected by sugars. I wanted to have more of a straight raw coconut taste because this goes in the mixed drink. So any sugar that you have in a liquor already, you can't control yourself and you can't balance it off as easily with adding simple syrup or whatever when you make a mixed drink. Anyway, that's for another day. That's for a mixed drink how to today. Let's get a taste on this or a little bit more of a nose. See if I get anything else. I'm getting a little bit like vanilla maybe, like creaminess. Coconut and of course it's fusil because it's a spirit. So let's get a taste on this. Wow. Super smooth. It has a really pleasant sweetness. It's about half the sweetness that Malabu Ramiz. I got a nice warming going down the chest. This is 80% ABV stuff. So that's why we're having a little tiny shot of this today. But, ma'am. You're getting coconut, some mild vanilla flavors. Maybe that was the extended aging that this got four months on the coconut. And, really, really nice. It tastes almost like alcoholic coconut water in some ways. Like the better coconut water that has that big coconut flavor to it. But it's creamy, feeling and the mouth is very coating. And it's smoothed the silver aroma a lot, ma'am. That is really tasty. I'm really happy with how this product came out. And when you're done, what do you do? Put your cap on it. Put your date up on the top when you finished it. And also, remember, with infused spirits like this, that's using natural ingredients to infuse them, you want to keep them out of the light because it can turn the color. It won't make the product bad, but it'll make most things go sort of a brownish tinge. So, that's how you make coconut rum. It's easy. I'll put some good pictures on this, like what it looks like as it clarifies and everything. We'll put the recipe or whatever we do on every how-to video. I appreciate each and every one of you guys for watching. Until the next DJ's Brutube, how-to video, and when we infuse some more booze, damn. That's a big pizza! I'm gonna put some cheese on the pizza. I'm gonna put some cheese on the pizza. I'm gonna put some cheese on the pizza. I'm gonna put some cheese on the pizza. I'm gonna put some cheese on the pizza. I'm gonna put some cheese on the pizza. I'm gonna put some cheese on the pizza. I'm gonna put some cheese on the pizza. I'm gonna put some cheese on the pizza.