 You're watching the show in Amsterdam to them coming to you with asparagus plenumonus fun. Asparagus plenumonus fun is fun. You can actually grow indoors. I love this fun. I have it in my own house. However today I'm going to show you how I trim it down because it's grown very huge and very big and today I'm going to show you how you could actually catch up for you asparagus plenumonus fun. Actually get your clip hurt and get a look at your plant and then clip your plant from the bottom and then identify those old stems and those old stems you really have to cut. And then look at the new growth, live the new growth untouched and then your asparagus fun will be in shape. Mine is very big. I need to trim it down so that it suits it's actually the suits that I'm using. I'm actually mixing a very big container if I need to report it again to make sure that it grows bigger. For tips and tricks on how to grow asparagus fun successfully. Consider good lighting and consider watering it but don't over water this plant because it's drought-torn and if you actually want this plant to grow big and huge consider a very big pot and keep on reporting it as long as it grows big. It will give it big space, it will keep on growing and expanding. Patalize this plant if you want to. Actually don't fatalize mine because I just I don't feel I have to because it's huge and keeps growing. But I don't know the conditions you have in your house so maybe it's better. And another tip bring your asparagus fun outdoors in this summer. It really really really needs a change of scenery. And if you give this plant a change of scenery in the summer and in the winter bring it back in. This plant will be very happy and it will keep on growing and growing and blooming. And don't forget to put it in a light condition space especially near a window. Where most sunlight is coming in but no direct sunlight make sure it doesn't dry out. And another tip use your spray spray this plant. It likes it likes moisture on its leaves. Don't only give you know put water inside you know put you know put a rich from the soil. Also spray this more leaves. They really really really want. So hope these tips and tricks work out for you and stay tuned for more videos on how I garden and how I do other things. That was it. I hope you enjoyed and I hope you can grow your own asparagus plumeless fun indoors and stay tuned for more videos on growing your own plants indoors and outdoors. Stay tuned for more and I hope you enjoyed.