 The Wood Thing the Wood. Knowing how to clean a pool table is important and not difficult to learn. The wooden supporting structure can be maintained like any other piece of fine furniture. Any visible dirt or spills should be wiped off immediately with a clean, barely damp cloth. Periodically, polish the wood with a citrus-based polish. The frequency with which you need to do this will vary depending on how heavily used the table is. Always follow the label directions for the polish that you choose. Cleaning the cloth. Cleaning the wooden components of your table is easy, but a little more time is required to learn how to clean pool table felt. The surface of the table becomes soiled with dirt, dust, and chalk over time and all of this is ground into the felt by the pressure of the balls. To clean your tables felt, begin with a brush. You can buy brushes that are made just for this purpose from businesses that supply pool tables. Some sporting goods stores may also carry them. The critical feature of these brushes is that the tips of the bristles are soft, so they will not damage or tear the felt. Always brush with straight, not circular, strokes. Make two passes over the table, first begin in the center and brush out to the edges, then begin at one end and work towards the other end. Use light strokes to avoid stretching the cloth. The next step is to vacuum the felt. Use a vacuum cleaner with light suction that has an upholstery tool and a crevice tool. Vacuum the main expanse of the table with the upholstery tool to pull out all the remaining dirt and chalk, and then use the crevice tool to clean under the rails. Lastly, vacuum the pockets to remove any debris that has collected there. Any liquids that are spilled on the felt should be cleaned immediately. Use a clean damp cloth to blot, not rub, the stain. Once the stain has been absorbed, use a dry cloth to blot any remaining dampness out of the felt. For more stubborn stains, or for occasional deep cleaning, you can use a product that is specifically made to clean pool tables. This is typically a foam cleaner that you spray on the table and allow to dry. Follow the label instructions for the best results. For the typical recreational pool player, the table should be brushed and vacuumed at least once a week. The more you play, the more often you should clean the table. Soiled felt is not only unattractive, but the dirt can cause the balls to roll in unexpected ways and can even wear away their surfaces. To keep your pool table felt from being the victim of water and oil-based stains, use 303 registered trademark stain guard. This product will help repel any moisture that gets spilled on the surface, and will help other spills or stains clean up easier. Just make sure to treat the table in a well-ventilated area, and let dry 6 to 12 hours after using product before using the table. Cleaning the balls When you are performing routine maintenance on your pool table, you should take a few minutes to wipe the balls. Wiping them with a cloth dampened with warm water will be enough for a quick cleaning, but occasionally give them a more thorough wash. There are specialty products available that will remove oils in other types of dirt that cannot be cleaned away by water. Prevention If you own a pool table, you need to know how to clean a pool table, but preventing soiling and spills in the first place is an important step in extending the life of your table. It is wise to invest in a cover for the times you are not using your table. A cover protects the surface against dust and damage and prevents sunlight from fading the cloth. When you are playing, have a rule that there is no eating, drinking or smoking at the table. Provide a small table to the side for drinks, dishes, and ash trays. If you enjoy playing pool, you will want to play on a surface that performs well. Knowing how to clean pool table filled, the wooden frame, and the balls will enable you to set your own standards for cleanliness and quality.