 Welcome back to my channel. Hello, this is 50 plus 2013 and I feel compelled to share my retail therapy with you today and I wasn't gonna Do a haul because this is just some odds and ends and different things that I ran across today is Saturday And the the thing is I wanted to share one little Tid bit with you all but then I thought well, I might as well drag in all of the little things that I got of course You know I'm shop at Walmart, but I did go to What's it called dollar general and I went there looking for just some snacks and I did get that and some other things but let's talk about what I got from Walmart Well, and also Costco's how many of you out there hate buying toilet paper I hate when we run out So I ended up picking up this big old thing from Costco Can you see this? I don't even know if I'm have this whole thing in frame, but it is Cornell ultra-confer care and it has Let's nine rolls Of two ply And all that jazz okay, so it's big like this and it's very very soft because we've already started using it so you get 36 five of these probably and I think that I paid $16 for all this whereas it looked like it came a $5 type of coupon off once I scanned it at Costco's Dollar general I Was interested in trying the unstoppable Are these unstoppable? Well this type of thing that you add to your laundry and all that stuff But I wanted to use the little chips to kind of put around the house and drawers and stuff to just keep everything smelling fresh When I was squeezing this at dollar general, this is a regular Item that you get in a regular store dollar general did have their brand I probably should have bought theirs. It was just a dollar less But I was convinced at the store that I liked the way this smells But now that I have it around the house. I don't care for it that much. It's kind of annoying Oh, and this is what I picked up food wise Out of dollar general Guys you know this little packaging drew me to it, but I'm gonna make some coffee soon as I get down with this video So I got that coffee and You know how like you can go to the dollar store or the nine-nine-cent store and get the seasoning Well, they're every time I go lately they don't have what I'm looking for So I had no idea that dollar general Has a brand they sell called chef select and this one is garlic pepper seasoning can't go wrong with that And this is a saw free seasoning so this reminds you of That one What is it called that you get that doesn't have salt but it has a lot of flavors and stuff I just got one I started to get a bunch of them But I said I don't really know what this tastes like and so once I try that out I'm gonna be running down getting more for a dollar because the one that I get at Walmart is like three something and up So I was able to pick up at Walmart This dishwasher in liquid and antibacterial Hand soap I don't know why hand soap is on there, but I always like to try to find my dishwasher liquid Antibacterial in it and the reason why I got this big one because you don't even know Wet a sponge scored a little on it and lather it up and you can wash a quite a bit of dishes instead of just like keep I don't know just Got some wasteful people so I got this and It's sitting next to a no a known name brand in the store This was like a dollar something and it's like 24 fluid ounces and Yeah, it smells good and so far it lathers up the sponge just like any other dishwasher liquid bonus to me is antibacterial I like that to be in things that I use I Got price matched and I price matched four avocados four dollar I am so Into avocados although I really always love them. I don't know why I don't buy them more and Four lemons for a dollar as well. So I've been cutting up the lemon and wedges and squeezing into my water Heating up the water in the morning and the first thing I do before I do anything else is warm up the water Squeeze lemon in it and drink it and I go about anywhere from eight to ten ounces of water So I don't know where I got you know I got that from I think Naomi Campbell. I was reading something about her in a magazine and They were talking about her daily routine. I guess um Moving on I Picked up this Luna bar always grabbing something and putting my pocket a purse and Case five somewhere and get caught off guard and I'm hungry and there's no place to eat or it's just um And these are the Aroma. I mean amore Matt lipsticks the metallic lip color Um in a lip cream. So this is a metallic one and this is the lip cream I was standing by a girl and she um tried this on her back of her hand and I really liked it So I decided to pick it up and I don't know if that's gonna be something that's my color. I think that's so pretty Can't do a lip demo because Oh, I don't know about that one and this one um It just looks like Yeah, so there's that one So one's a lip um cream and one's a lip lacquer lacquer cream then Okay, so I was looking for my castle soap again because I ran out and last night I realized I don't have Any face wash soap. I have like the My cellar waters and things like that, but I actually like to use some sort of face wash You know for the face. I and you know, I really was liking that. I'm castle soap a lot I just like the way it ladders that I like the way it rinses off I mean it rinses off so good. I just like a lot. So it was a three bar pack and it was like three I'll round it up to three thirty so maybe a dollar and change for a per bar, but When I was over there, I couldn't find it in that section And so I was saying to the people that work there. Do you know where this soap is? I couldn't remember the name of it either So I kept looking and looking and finally I found the castle soap But then I think by the time I picked that up I had already had this in my hand because I was thinking well Ivory will work too. I think yeah Okay, sometimes I get dove and ivory kind of mixed up because dove you can use for your face as well But Ivory I think you know you grew up on this at for the babies in the family So this is like a three bar and I don't even think It's a dollar. I don't know somewhere around there, but then The girl came over and she says this is good for watching your face watching your clothes and she's a Hispanic woman. She's woman and she said why do you think Spanish people buy this all the time because it can wash your clothes what it gets the clothes very white it um What did she say about the complex abrightens your complexion? Who knew? now disclaimer, I've never read that hurt that anywhere So if you heard it thumbs up this video or leave me a comment because I'm just curious But I'm gonna go try washing a shirt because one thing I hate is White clothes that don't come clean in the wash and I have one of my favorite white tops and it came out dingy and crazy So I'm gonna use the bar soap or either this because she was saying to me she said here's the original body wash too This was under a dollar 96 cents or something like that You guys know this is in the store. This is real body wash So I got both of them because I felt like I may use this to wash makeup brushes as well, you know, I always just I have my beauty blender solid makeup soap, but I just I don't know why I'm prolonging that I'm so weird when it comes to using my products you guys I have this ritual where I buy something, but I don't use it right away per se um, and I just Got to be in this right mood the right day the right everything have to be all lined up in my head and a special way for me to just dig in and use my stuff So I haven't used the beauty blender soap yet, but Probably because it costs a lot and it's just a little soap and I'm saving it for some Brush that I think is one of my favorite or expensive brushes. I have no idea So I ended up having to pick up some Tylenol. I throw it arthritis pills which I So like it's kind of like a holy grail. So then I picked up the The one daily women's 50 plus vitamin and this one is the Walmart brand Um, I had it. I realized I haven't been taking vitamins probably I'm gonna say this year If I if I had vitamins the last time I had them, I think was the beginning of the year and I don't think I've had vitamins since That is really weird and um, I think maybe I might be filling the effects of not taking it out of now, but I just believe in taking it, you know so I got to equate one One daily women's 50 plus and it says that and it's pretty much Has the same claims as the one a day and it's bones joints bones bone and joint health heart and eye health Immune health energy metabolism and cell health so So So this look like and I think this was like $3 give or take and you have 65 tablets in it and it doesn't expire till this month lat next year same month now for my favorite thing I cannot believe it you guys I was in Walmart and I was reconsidering getting um, the Samantha Chapman beauty Sponge because I bought it years ago when it first came out and I loved it. It seemed like it was very good quality. It last long. You didn't tear up You know, maybe I wasn't using as much as I do now is why it tear tore up on me as soon as I thought But I wanted to um get it again and I was thinking Yeah, cuz I it's not that expensive and I just need a sponge. I'm really liking the way the sponge In result of my makeup with using a sponge. I may put it on with a stippling brush I may put it on with a foundation brush But when it's all said and done when you pull out a sponge and um dab it in there. It's like I like that look So I was after checkout buying lipstick and I noticed that this pretty pink sponge from cover girl Has cover girl right there Cover girl the name on it Had a combo set right there and this came out a while ago, although it's still saying new It came out a while ago and I kind of wanted it, but I didn't need it. So basically Both of these were less than what the price of one of just one of these So this is a cover girl true blend contour palette and it has the highlight the contour and the bronzer And this is what this looked like and you all know because you've seen this on the um Oh shoot I hope you could see me you all know what that looks like because It was all over youtube. So this is what I got right here and I just like that it has Cover girl right there. So this Recap because you may not have been able to see the items because of that light I didn't realize it was like casting a big shadow. So I got the eye resoups bars and the um liquid I picked up some multivitamins for women plus 50 50 and older Some Tylenol with authoritis medicine in it um from Dollar general I picked up some gain What do you call them? For your laundry and garlic pepper and salt free seasoning And this looks like it has really really good things in it and Walmart. I picked up Oh and in dollar general. I picked up some donut shop um Coffee It's a little teacups Walmart I picked up Avocados for a dollar for four dollar big old juicy lemons for four dollar And I picked up Walmart. I mean um Walmart brand dishwasher liquid antibacterial in it And then from Costco or Walmart. I also picked up the Luna bar It's a protein bar or some sort of bar for exercise and I think but I'm just using it if I get cut off our hungry And then I picked up this big old thing a toilet paper from Costco's So I hope you guys enjoyed the haul I just decided to share it with you because I wanted to share the story about all the things you can use the ivory Sofor and I'm definitely gonna give it a world because I have nothing to lose. I was gonna buy it anyway And it's mainly for my face and um Not not this one But the lick the solid bar is mainly for my face. So um, I'm gonna give it a try If you're new to my channel, I appreciate you stopping by and if you stuck out to the end Thank you. Thank you so much and for everyone else. I love you. I love you Enjoy the weekend and I will see you on my next video. Take care