 Hey, I was going to make a real quick video on what Jin Sang looks like and talk a little bit about it, how to find it and where it grows best. You're looking in an actual Jin Sang plant here right now. This is a smaller one, but as you see, the stems on these are not a woody stem. It's green all the way down. You'll have what you call different prongs, like one, two, three, four, five, even up the six I've seen. What I mean by the prong is right at the tip of that stem, the other stems will start branching out in the right. If you can see that, okay, that'd be just great. The all branch out right at one spot on that stem. Then as the stem going up, this one here would be considered a three pronger. Of course, you have your berries there, which I'll talk about. But that stem goes up in the leaves branch off right at the end of that. There's no leaves, part way down the stem itself, stuff like that, but you're going to have five leaves for the most part. Once in a while, you might see it with all these two little ones, but you always have two little leaves and then three big ones. They've got a five leaf system on them on each prong. That would be considered a three pronger. Now these leaves, there is little jigs on the end of them. They're not very big. They're fairly uniform. Gencing everywhere is pretty much identical to this. As far as the berries, this is the beginning of September right now for the most part. These are ready to drop off the ripe. If you were to take a berry and squeeze it, which I probably just got juice all over the camera, hold on. But anyways, take a berry and squeeze it open. You're going to get two seed pods in there. They're both hard. There's just two seeds in that pod and what I do is bury them when you do find them. That's basically what Gen saying looks like. There's a lot of plants that look like them characteristics. They'll want you if you think you found it. That's how you tell what it is. We're going to look around and I'll talk a little bit about it too. Right next to that, if I started looking, I got another one here. You're looking at a three pronger and then a two pronger and a, the other two pronger. But when you are looking for Gen saying, as in here, you got a plant there, maybe three there. And, well, here's some more. Here's the one that was a three pronger, a pretty big one. Holy crap. Here's another one here. Another three pronger, another three, another three, another three, a two. And there's one there. There's a nice three pronger here. And I'm sure if I looked around, I'll find more in the immediate area. But what happens is, not going to see that far, but there's a ridge up there in a fairly steep hill that comes down. And it plants it at one time, started up there. And the seed pods, the seeds through the years will roll down and catch in the rocks and crevices and they'll grow. And what I'm looking at here, just say if nobody ever picked any or dug it, chances are, if say this was the youngest of them, all through here, you would go up. You'd probably see it scattering all the way up the hill if the soil conditions were ideal. And if I were there up, you want the older the plants would be. And from what I've heard, Jen Sinc and what, you know, live for 70, 80, 90 years. So I'd say a lot of these plants are probably 12, 15 years old. So, you know, on the same with working down the hill, you'll probably find some down there. But they like a real sandy, soil-loomed soil. If the soil is like clay or like that, chances are you're not going to find it. And they like a heavily, fairly heavily wooded area, about 80% shade. They'll continue to thrive and do good. What I'm going to do today is break probably these tops off. So then let them go another year and why I'm going to break the tops off is it's Jen Sinc season. Coming up here right now and somebody will probably trespass in here and dig these. I dug this three pronger up here. And as you can see, this is what the roots look like. This is a very small root, but they do resemble, say, a white carrot in a sense. And there's a little bud. If I can set this down, right there will be next year's growth. And the roots can get quite large, bigger than a nice, sized carrot. But this year's a very young one. It's probably only about 6, 7 years old. But the roots are hard. They don't have any hairs on them. And they'll branch off different ways or be one big street tuber type rut. But they're not a real soft rut. And that's what the root system looks like on them. Here's another rut, another little or one. You know, it's not real big, but you can find them quite larger. But if you see every year on the end of that bud or that node there, you'll see scars rotating. And that's a year's growth in these plants. Sometimes come up every year, but they do skip years and lay dormant for a year. So, you know, that's another thing to keep in mind. Just because you don't see any doesn't mean none is there. Again, this is what they look like. I'm a little ways away, probably about 70 feet from that area, downhill. Here's a pretty nice size tree problem right here. This one is showing you this one quick. Seeds are gone. This is a fairly, I would say a little bit older one. There's the leaf pattern on it. From a distance, we are hard to see, but in another couple weeks when they start turning, they'll turn a, start turning a bright yellow. And they're one of the first plants to turn. They're a lot easier to find them. Now, I'm even farther away. Here's another three pronger. Even farther away. Here's another three pronger. I've been walking along the ridge line, my guess. There'll be a few more scattered through here because these soil conditions. Pretty good sandy saltworm. And there we are, right here. Kind of hard to see, but this is a two pronger. Up down underneath that log there, about 20 feet north. Here's another three. And another three pronger. Here's one up here too. Person doesn't dig them. And let them grow. You can have quite a cash crop. And another one, same area. Farther on down the hill from what I was just showing you. Here's another one. They hide pretty good in amongst other plants. And even farther down. Here's another three pronger. And right over here, this is two pronger. These are all coming off, rolling down a ravine. And there's another three pronger, same area. Well, there you have it. That's what Gin saying looks like. I hope that video does help. Again, you're able to find it. If you have any questions, go ahead and ask. And make sure and subscribe. I do put a lot of decent videos on with slow motion and what not. I'm always tinkering around doing other stuff. So it only can help. It's not going to hurt anyways. Hey, one thing I want to do real quick is show you something. Don't mess with bald face hornets nest. I had filmed the bald face hornets nest about a week ago. And somebody come along and knock that nest out. Now and now they're rebuilding it. I put another camera on the time lapse rebuilding it. But I got stung today pretty good. These guys are wicked. I'm going to drive bike quick. Fucker tried fighting me already. I'm going to land it right on my hand. So mess with them guys.