 Morning Bold Bakers, morning Kevin. Thank you. So you don't normally see me like this but today I am going to show you behind the scenes look at the filming of a Bigger Bolder Baking episode and we're also going to make my best ever oatmeal and raisin cookies but for right now I've got to go get ready. Ta-da! I'm ready to rock and roll so as you can see it takes a team of people working behind the scenes here at Bigger Bolder Baking to make each and every episode and let me tell you that team drinks a lot of coffee. This video was sponsored by Curric to introduce the new Kay Cafe Coffee House Brewer. This brewer saves me a lot of time on shoot warnings because I can make my favorite coffee, a latte or a cappuccino all at home. Use the coffee shot to brew a concentrated shot of coffee and use the dishwasher safe frother to froth your choice of milk to create a latte or cappuccino. It's like having a personal barista at your fingertips. Just brew, froth, enjoy. I'm good to go let's make our oatmeal and raisin cookies. So we're gonna start out by mixing our dry ingredients. Here you go. Thanks Liz. Add in your flour, baking soda, salt and cinnamon and then with the whisk just mix them all together. It's just a good idea to mix the raising agent all the way to write your dry ingredients. It makes for better cookies and I'm gonna set that aside and I'm gonna bring in a nice big bowl. So we're gonna add in our butter. Now it's really important that this is room temperature so it's so much easier to mix up. Then we're gonna add in some white sugar, sprinkle, sprinkle and then of course the secret to all my best cookie recipes is brown sugar because it gives a lovely caramel flavor. Now if you don't have brown sugar you can make it really easily and there's a recipe on my website. Then just cream these ingredients together with a whisk. Now one thing I love about this recipe is that you do it all by hand. You don't need any special equipment. All you want to do is just cream it all pretty well for around three to four minutes until it's light and fluffy just like this. This is perfect. So into this mix we're going to add in an egg and some vanilla extract just to give these cookies really great flavor. Then all you want to do is just mix these ingredients in. So now if you don't eat eggs don't worry where the recipe is on biggerborderbaking.com I've written eggs substitute so you can always leave them out and still end up with great cookies. Okay this is looking perfect now we're going to add in our dry ingredients. So toss in your flour mix, your rolled oats and then your raisins. Now if you don't eat raisins don't worry you can always leave them out or replace them with chocolate chips. However this is an oatmeal and raisin cookie and it makes them taste awesome. So in you go and then simply with a spatula just mix it up until it forms the dough. One thing I love about cookie doughs is that you can make them up bake a few off and then put the rest in the fridge and they'll live happily in there for around four to five days and then you can have fresh cookies whenever you want. Now with some cookie doughs you do have to chill the dough before you bake them with this one you don't however. So I'm just going to bring in my tray and scoop some straight away. So here I have a tablespoon measure and all you want to do is just get a nice heaped tablespoon of your cookie dough and pop it onto your tray lined with parchment paper and then just keep on going until all your dough is used up. I actually think this would make a really good shot so do you want to come around and get it from the other angle? Yes sure feel right there. So one thing you normally don't see on camera is Ira. He comes from around the corner and he gets shots that usually are really useful food shots. We use a lot of natural light because as a lot of you know this is my kitchen here in Santa Monica so sometimes the light and the shots are better from other angles so I always pops in, gets the shot and then pops back out again. Like I said it's teamwork. Okay Ira what do you think? Oh I think it looks great. Thanks okay these are looking perfect. So on your tray make sure that you leave a gap in between your cookies because they will spread out. Also if you want to give them a little bit of shape with your fingers make them nice and round feel free to do so. Okay perfect our cookies are ready to go into the oven. Now you want to bake these guys off a 375 degrees Fahrenheit or 190 degrees Celsius for just 9 to 10 minutes because you want to make sure the nice and soft in the middle and crispy on the outside. Okay so at this moment in time we always take a little break while something is in the oven we get something to eat. I make the team some coffee and we just hang out. So whether you're making lattes, cappuccinos are brewing a regular coffee like I am here. The cake cafe coffee house brewer works with any cake cup pot so you have endless options. Big O'Kaepen. Thanks Chef. Enjoy and I get out here because that's my timer and I've got to get back to work. So check out these bad boys they look fantastic. Now come here to me I want to show you why I said only cookies for a short time because you see they're still doughy in the middle but then they're crispy on the outside. This is definitely I would have doubt perfect oatmeal and raisin cookie. Now as you know this is my favorite part. Just check that out how lovely and soft it is in the middle. Mmm you know what I think the oatmeal raisin cookie is underrated. Without a doubt these cookies are the comfort food of baking. Okay that's all right. Okay great. So our shoot days are long days everybody works really hard and it gets hot in here so I like to reward myself with an ice latte. So not only does the cake cafe coffee house brewer make hot lattes and cappuccinos which you can also use the cold setting for cold fraught drinks to make an ice latte or cappuccino. So there's something for everyone. Visit amazon.com to purchase now. A special thank you to Curric for sponsoring this video and a special thank you to you for watching it. I'll see you back here really soon for more bigger bolder baking. All right just trying to like lighten it up a little bit and you just like start with a smile. She told me to turn it down.