 Ox tails, my way. Ox tailed, stewed, ox tailed, braised with sand gr위l wine. nice cold, semi-greated. We're actually gonna do braised ox tails in a red wine sauce. So let me tell you some of the stuff you gotta need. First, you wanna pick up your ox tails, bring them home and wash them, clear water, and pull a little bit of vinegar, if you don't have vinegar, use a little bit of lemon juice, fresh lemon juice. Your ox tails are about like that. They come big all the way down to small. We have about 15, 18 pounds of ox tails. Typically, you'll see recipes out there for two pounds. But, I gotta say, we're doing a southern style. We're doing a whole lot more. All right, so let's go over these ingredients. All right, we're gonna start out with about four large white onions. Okay, one purple onion, two green bell peppers, three stalks of celery, about six carrots. And then we're gonna, she rough cut one onion. We're gonna leave out, we're gonna put in last. So we can have that nice, hold onion inside of it. We got some thyme, some minced garlic, some vegetable oil, some beef stock, a post to use in just water. We're gonna use some beef stock. We won't be using the vinegar any longer. We got some garlic powder, also with the garlic. We have black pepper, sea salt. We have some ground ginger, some seasoning salt, some herbs that also has in there, rosemary, thyme, margarine, basil, oregano, and lavender. We have some five spice. Some five spice is really nice. And we got a little bit of ground mustard. We're gonna put just a dash of that ground mustard in there. We also have some flour. There we're gonna be coating the ox tails in before we put them into the oil to fry them off. And then we also have some habaneros. If you buy habaneros from the store, you'll find that even if you put them in a refrigerator, they'll tend to go bad quickly. So my brother lost from trinidad and he taught me a little trick. He cleans his habaneros, takes the tops off, washes them real good. He takes them, puts them in the food process we have over here. And he lets them go until it's just creamy and smooth. Then he adds a little distilled vinegar. Then he bottles it. It'll last, this has been in my refrigerator. I had this in full, but I use it for goat and curry and stuff like that. But it'll last you forever. Okay. Okay, we're gonna take a couple of those, pep onions, bell peppers, all that now. Food processor. As much as you can. We're gonna make like a paste with this. All right. See what we got? Oh, perfect. I'm gonna have something with consistency like that nice and smooth. I'm gonna go ahead and take out the ox tails, wash them up, dry them, and then we're gonna coat them with this and let them marinate. All right, here's our ox tails. Nice and clean. Just them off and they're ready to go. I'm gonna go ahead and season those up. That ground mustard. Some ginger. The garlic powder. Nothing's getting measured here. This is the seasoned salt. Five spice. We can always sample it as we're cooking. See what else we need? Black pepper. Tint to go a little heavier on the pepper. Because I'm using some lighter on the black pepper and the habanero. Just some chopped garlic. Dice garlic here. Some of these dried herbs. Just a bit of the sea salt. And of course, habanero. Or scotch bonnet and Jamaica. Watch your eyes. Mix all that up. Add a little bit of flour. Fry that. And a little oil to get a little brown on the outside. You're not gonna cook it, but you're gonna get it to where it's gonna seal in those juices. And then some flavor. And it's gonna be nice when we stew that down. We're also gonna add some of that mixture on there. Hold back just a little bit. Let me go ahead and mix that in. That smells good. I'm gonna add just a bit more of that oil spice. Mix that marinade. Here we go. We'll let that marinade. Add on a stove. Since we're doing a large quantity, we're gonna do a little bit. We're now working with gas here. Some little oil. A little vegetable oil in there. We're gonna allow that to heat up. Put the fan on, excuse the noise. All right. Here's a marinade. Checking out the pan here. It has nice and hot. We're gonna slowly add these into the pan. Heat them up. I'm working on electric stove. It's about as high as it can go. On high. And we're doing quite a bit. So we're gonna go ahead and start firing these off. And we'll come back to you and check in. Also, you wanna add some thyme. Not our tails without thyme. Fresh thyme is the best. Here we go. We're gonna add a little dry parsley. We're gonna add the onion. We're gonna add the onion. We're gonna stir it with a hand. All right. Let's start turning it. As you can see, we got a little browning. On a much rendered nice. We're gonna go ahead and do a little bit of something different. We're gonna add a can of crushed pio tomatoes over the top. And some beef broth. And some red wine. We're gonna go ahead and put that into the oven and let that go for about four hours. We're also gonna add in a can of diced tomatoes with lime juice and a little cilantro. A little kick. Now, add on the garlic and co deutsche. We're gonna add the beef stock to this and let this cook down for a few hours. hours. It won't be peekaboo in this uh because we know it's gonna take several hours at about 350 so we're gonna go ahead and add the chicken stock and let this put down. Make a real nice grave pull of this stock in there. Just beef stock. You can do your own stock. You can do this on Monday early in the morning. We've done by dinner time. There we go. All right we've added in the remainder of the parade that we did, the little vegetable parade we did in the food processor. Before we add this into the oven, we're gonna go ahead and then remainder of things we had with carrots. And then heavily chopped onion. I'm gonna add that in there. Since we got some sangria here, it calls for red wine. This also has brandy in it. Go ahead and take a few ladles of this sangria that I made. Add a few of those in there. Well that could down before we put it in the oven. ... Ox tails, my way. Also can be served with black beans, Cuban style, or butter beans, Jamaican style, or just with plain white rice, Creole style. Now you have it. Ox tail stew, ox tail braised with sangria wine. E money blue, little E. This is for my wife's birthday. Happy birthday and enjoy. Bon appetit.