 One of the most common questions I get asked online is why doesn't my yo-yo wind back up. And there's actually a lot of different answers to that question depending on how good you are as a yo-yoer and what kind of yo-yo you've had and maybe even how long you've had your yo-yo. So I'm going to try to answer as many variations of this question as possible. So let's start with the beginner. Let's say that you just got a yo-yo, you just got it out of your package. You've never really yo-yoed before. You throw it and it doesn't come back. So you're wondering how come my yo-yo didn't come back. Well actually what was happening is the yo-yo was sleeping down at the bottom of the string. That's how yo-yos are designed. They're actually supposed to spin down at the bottom of the string if you've gotten a good yo-yo. And the reason it's not coming back is because it's doing something else. It's sleeping. To get the yo-yo to come back up all you need to do is give it a little tug and it should come back up. Now if you're just dropping the yo-yo like this, a lot of yo-yos won't come right back up. And so you really need to learn how to do a proper throw. Once you get a proper throw then the yo-yo should come back up when you pick it up. So we've got a video teaching you how to do the basic yo-yo throw. You can look that up and that should help. Now another scenario, let's say that you have a ball bearing yo-yo like this one, this is the Peter Fish Dominator. And it used to come back up when you pulled it. But now when you try to pull it back up even though it's spinning very fast, it's not coming back up anymore. Well what's happened is the bearing has gotten dry. It doesn't have any lube in it anymore. And this happens with all ball bearing yo-yos. If you want it to play responsive you need to lubricate the bearing every now and then. And so on yo-tricks we have super lube and we also sell lubs by other yo-yo companies. Just put a little bit on the bearing or on the axle where the bearing sits and that should help the yo-yo to become responsive again. You may also want to try just changing the string. Sometimes that can help out in that scenario. A lot of people want to lubricate their bearings with things that they might find in their garage like WD-40 or other bearing cleaners or lubricants. You don't want to use those on yo-yo bearings. Especially if it's plastic yo-yo it could actually damage the plastic. So you want to stay away from those and that's actually why yo-yo companies came out with their own lubs. So just throw a little bit of synthetic lubricant onto the yo-yo bearing or onto the axle and that should bring it back to life. Now a third scenario is if you have an auto return yo-yo this one is the yo-mega brain and auto return yo-yos even without you pulling on them after they're done sleeping they're slowing down they come back up all by themselves. Now if you've had one of these for a while and all of a sudden it stops coming back automatically then you may ask the question why isn't my yo-yo coming back up. Well in this case that usually happens after you've changed the string or if the string has fallen off the yo-yo or something like that. These types of yo-yos are different than other yo-yos and that most yo-yos when you put the string on you only need to put it on one time. For a brain yo-yo you need to actually put the string on and then wrap it around the axle in additional time. And if you haven't done that then there's no way for the brain mechanism to work and it won't come back automatically. Another thing that might be the problem is if the yo-yo has come apart there's this little piece on the inside and the piece has a little o-ring on it. The o-ring needs to go into the half of the yo-yo that has the mechanism that helps it come back. If you put the piece in backwards again the yo-yo won't come back up automatically. So that is just another scenario if you've got an auto return yo-yo that's not lining back up. But the last one is actually becoming much more common and that is some people have bought a brand new yo-yo they already know how to yo-yo. They've heard a lot of great things about a particular yo-yo online they get it they throw it and it just doesn't come back. They know what they're doing they know that it's spinning fast enough. Well what's happened is that you've probably bought a higher quality yo-yo and in actual fact a lot of new yo-yos are designed to play unresponsive and what that means is they're designed to not come back up when you pull them up. And so what you need to do in this case there's nothing wrong with the yo-yo you actually need to learn how to do what's called a bind. And a bind is how you get an unresponsive yo-yo like this this is the yo-yo factory whip it's designed to play unresponsive like that. So you need to learn how to bind because binding is how you get an unresponsive yo-yo to wind up. And so we've made a couple of videos helping you learn how to bind so take a look at those and that should help you get over that hurdle. So hopefully this video has answered your question help you get over this hurdle of why your yo-yo won't wind back up. It may have created more questions than answers but we'll try to get around to those so hopefully this has helped you out. you