 Hello everyone and welcome back. Today's video is not really your recipe, it's more like an assembly of a healthy and delicious salad. Tabuli is a Lebanese appetizer or a mis-save as they call it. Among many other appetizers that they have, this is a signature dish that you'll find on every dining table. It's very healthy, refreshing and delicious. If you enjoy the kitchen and like to see more of these videos and learn about other dishes from other countries, I would appreciate if you give this video a thumbs up, share it with your friends, comment with any concerns, questions or suggestions that you have and don't forget to subscribe so you can be notified for any future uploads. So let me show you the very few ingredients that you can use to make the delicious Tabuli. The only preparation I have to do for this recipe is to prepare the vulgar. I need to soak it in some water for hours before using it. This is how it looks like before I soaked it in water, it's stark and hard, and this is how it looks like after I soaked it. It doubled in size and changed in color. I'll make sure to squeeze all the water out of it and then put it in a separate bowl. If you don't have time and you want it faster, you can boil the vulgar. I'll leave all the measurements in the description box below. Then I'll chop some flat leaf parsley. To have a successful Tabuli and to make sure that it's the closest as possible to the authentic one, you have to make sure that you chop all the vegetables into very small fine pieces. Then I'm going to finely chop some fresh mint. For the green onions, again because I want everything to be finely chopped, I'm going to split it in the middle and then finely chop the onions. Then to give it a kick, I'm going to finely chop some red onions. For the tomatoes, I want to make sure that I'll take all the seeds out. And then again finely chop. For the dressing, I'm using lemon, olive oil, salt and black pepper. And again, I'll leave all the measurements in the description box. Now it's time to serve and enjoy your Tabuli. You can serve it any way you like. Personally, I enjoy it on end of or some lettuce leaves. Bon appétit or as we say you need it, Sahawafia.