 I'm going to cook this pasta using a spaghetti that's 1 pound 16 ounces. You can follow the direction in the box or you can just boil some water and add some a little result and just add your pasta. You have to option you can do it whole like this or you can just gotta end half but first I'm going to add some like a tablespoon of salt and then I have my heat and medium high. I'm going to cook it for approximately 10 to 12 minutes. You're going to cook this pasta on cover. You're not going to cover it. And this is angry and so I'm going to use to make my pasta. I'm going to mention you can I'm going to list the instruction in the description below. I'm going to start by using this is one stick of unsalted butter. I have some salt the salt is optional and I also have one cup of the greater Parmesan cheese and we're going to use one cup of approximately of the just Parmesan cheese. The one who come and powder half of this put on non-med is one of black pepper and I'm using heavy whipping cream that's two cups and let me show you how it looks and I have from three to four fresh garlic when I'm going to crush I'm going to cut this in half this butter or you can use the whole thing. I have some shrimp which is don't have the vein don't have the shell and it's already clean but raw shrimp. And here is my pasta. You want to separate the noodles. I've already cut my pasta I just drained the water and now I'm going to go ahead and make the shrimp. This pasta is very easy to make I want to start by putting half of the the stick that's like a one-four cup or you can use the the whole thing the whole stick of butter. Into that butter I'm going to add like a tablespoon of oil. They're always going to prevent the butter to burn so just squeeze some on there. This is the garlic which I crushed that and make sure your heat is medium not a medium high because you don't want to burn the garlic because as you burn the garlic is going to taste bad. And I already washed the shrimp this is one bag medium shrimp. And we're going to saute the for approximately three minutes. You can have two options you can just saute for three minutes and remove them out of the pads and then make the sauce or you can just go ahead and do the whole thing in there. So today I have two cups of the heavy whipping cream I'm going to add the they have teaspoon of non-meat and one teaspoon of the black pepper and if you want to add some salt you can go ahead and add like a teaspoon of salt. But you gotta be careful because the cheese have a little bit of salt but absolutely you can go ahead and add some salt. Whisk. And I'm going to add the that cream. And you're going to whisk a little bit like I said you can take the shrimp but I don't want a dirty some dishes so I'm just going to go ahead and whisk. Just put the shrimp back in the style and whisk in the middle of the pad. For two to three minutes. So. And now I'm going to add the cheeses which I add the shredded Parmesan. And now I'm going to go ahead and add the other cup of the of the powder Parmesan cheese. I put the heat a little bit up medium high now. And now I'm going to add the pasta. Remember we don't add no oil to the pasta. So I just cook it with a tablespoon of salt only. So it's kind of dry but don't worry if you send them kind of dry because when you put it as soon as you put it in there and mix it up with the sauce is going to be perfectly fine. And you can serve this pasta with some garlic bread, some salad on the side or just the way it is. You can also cut some tomatoes and small pieces and put it on top or some of the green onions. And just serve it that way. So this pasta is very easy. When you mix it up you let it one minute or two and it's going to be ready to serve. And this is the final result of my shrimp pasta with a tomato fraito. I hope you guys like this video. If you like it thumbs up. Don't forget to subscribe to my channel for more videos. And share with your family and friends. Thank you for watching and I see you on the next video. Bye bye.