 Hello my lovely foodies, welcome back to Connack's Kitchen. Today I'll be showing you how to prepare healthy chicken salad. This is a cool and refreshing salad to prepare at home and this is not only filling and healthy but at the same time it stays the also with the combination of tender chicken, vegetables, perfect dressing and with some herbs in it. This is great for lunch or even for supper and this satisfies your taste buds with all the nutrition in that. So over do my kitchen to see what you need for this. First I'm going to marinate the chicken breast with some salt, pepper, ginger garlic, little olive oil, vinegar, dry thyme. If you want you can also use fresh thyme if available and the right chilli flakes and let it marinate and coat on all the sides evenly. Now I'm going to spread out the marinade evenly on the chicken breast properly with the help of my hands and let it rest for around 15 to 20 minutes. While the chicken is resting we can start preparing out the dressing. So for this in a large bowl add the mayonnaise, here I'm using the light mayonnaise along with the yogurt, you can use any yogurt, here I'm using the thick yogurt, you can also use Greek style yogurt. The combination of both really gives a nice and creamy texture to the salad. Next add the lime juice, olive oil, mustard sauce, Worcestershire sauce and the fresh cilantro and mix everything well. Also mix a well filled salt over here and again mix. To make a thick yet flowing consistency marinating. Now put this into the fridge to chill. In a different bowl I'm going to mix in the onions, lettuce and the tomatoes, you can use any other vegetable of your choice over here and keep it aside. Now heat some olive oil in a non-stick pan or on a griddle and place the chicken breast onto it and let it cook on each side for 2 to 3 minutes and then flip it over onto the other side and check if it is done or cooked by booking the tip of a sharp knife onto the thickest part of the chicken. There should be no sign of pinkness and the juices should run clear and when it is done and gets good golden brown color on top on both sides, remove it onto a plate and let it cool down a bit and then I'm going to cut it into strips this way and keep it aside. Now comes the assembling part, mix in the vegetables and the chicken strips into the dressing and give it a good mix to coat on all the sides. You can also check for some salt over here. Also add in the celery, next I'm going to add the walnuts and the almonds over here, next add the croutons and mix well. Lastly I'm going to add the parmesan cheese and again mix well. Now this healthy and beautiful chicken salad is ready to plate. So my juicy and crunchy salad is ready as you can see with all the perfect flavors with the crunch of letters we have used and the perfect combination of tender chicken pieces which we have put over here. You have cooked the chicken first but if you want you can use any other leftover chicken, you can use any other meat or you can also use any other seafood of your choice and if you want and if you are a vegetarian, then you can also use some bell peppers and mushroom that also goes very great with this dish. And by chance if you have any leftover of this salad then you can use this as a stuffing for your sandwich or toast. So do try this and let me know how you do find it and if you have any other suggestions or queries for me please provide me the same in the comment section. And if you enjoyed this video do give it a thumbs up and subscribe to the channel Kanak's kitchen. You can do so by clicking on this red button over here and by doing so you'll be getting all the regular updates from my channel every Tuesdays and Fridays. I'll see you next time. Bye bye.