 Hi, this is Dirt Farmer Maggie from Dirt Farmer J dot com. If you love to garden like I do and particularly ornamental beds with flowering shrubs and different types of cultivars, I want to share my favorite cultivar with you, the Holly Hawk. Stay tuned. This is a Holly Hawk plant and they are called a short-lived perennial because not because this particular plant is necessarily going to come back next year. But all these seed pods that are on the plant are going to drop seeds and that's what's going to spring up come the spring next year. Many different colors as you can see this one happens to be a deep purple which is really pretty and the seed pods that are green are still going to bloom. You can see there's a bloom just starting to come out of that one. And the ones when they turn brown like this one this has actually got seeds in it for next year. Pull one off here and show you all those little black things are seeds. And most of those will sprout up again in the spring and grow plants. You can look at this bed here. This bed probably started out with two Holly Hawks in it and all of these green big broad leaf plants are all Holly Hawks. And so they are very prolific which if you're a gardener that doesn't like to go to the garden store all the time and buy new plants, this is a great plant to use because it will self-seed and continue to grow and fill up a bed nicely just like this one has. There's sort of a disagreement in gardeners about whether or not you can transplant Holly Hawks but these were all transplanted this year from another bed in the yard because they had overgrown that bed and I thought I'm just going to see if they'll transplant and they transplanted just fine. So with some care and a nice good root ball you can transplant Holly Hawks. Since we have a fairly large property we have a lot of landscape to maintain and we sort of come from the standpoint of doing a naturalization landscape. So a lot of these flowers in here were just tossed in from seed. There's some weeds that have gotten in there but you can see quite a few Holly Hawks plants of different colors. There's pink ones deeper pink over there. There's a white one over here and they do attract butterflies and all kinds of propagator bugs, hornets, bees, all those kinds of bugs love to come to these plants so you will get a lot of pollination that goes on and that will help your bed to become healthy. One of the really great things about Holly Hawks as well is that they can take full sun, no problem. They do can go all the way to part shade but they really love full sun and as you can see it's getting towards winter here and they are still blooming. A lot of times you can get two blooms out of the Holly Hawks as well too. If you look at the bottom of the plant, if there's brand new leaves coming up then you can just, if this is all spent and the leaves are brown you can just cut that off and let it grow up again and get a second blooming. These are all second blooms for this season right now in this bed. They are good for zones 2 to 10 really hardy plant, drop their own seeds if you want to get some color variation. Pick the spent pods off of one color and go scatter it in another bed where there's a different color and next year you'll have a nice variety. So Holly Hawks, my recommendation, thanks for watching. If you found this to be helpful like our video and subscribe to our channel and until next time this is Dirt Farmer Maggie.