 Hi, this is Chef Janie Pendleton and today I'm going to teach you how to make your own fabric softener. Now you want to start with a large, empty bottle, fabric softener bottle or some other gallon container. As you can see, I've still got a little down here left in here where I've rinsed it out, that's fine. And what you're going to do here is you want to boil six cups of water. Let that kind of come down to a steamy mist, about two or three minutes off the stove. And to this you want to add two cups of white vinegar. So, six cups of boiling water and two cups of white vinegar. And then you also want to add your choice or two cups of any scented conditioner. I used to want to add a cheap one, this was only a dollar at the Dollar General Store yesterday. Plus we had a 25s and off coupon for two of them. So it ended up being, you know, whatever, about 87 cents a bottle. So this is a juicy green apple. This one is refreshing waterfall mist. You can use the coconut, you can use any scent. There's also a sun shine scent. The girls absolutely love it, it has a great citrusy smell. But they were out of it. Somebody had already bought all of it up. So I like the, this one right here smells a little bit more like the original downy, the refreshing waterfall mist. But my girls really like the juicy green apple. They like that. And that has a little bit more that game, that fresh game scent. So we're going to squeeze two cups of that in here. It's going to be about this whole bottle, but I just want to double check, make sure. So I need to get a little bit more in here. So this is a 15 fluid ounce bottle of conditioner. And it took the whole thing to get my two cups. You can see I'm just shy of the two cup mark here. I'm going to use a wood or a plastic spoon for this. We're just going to put this in here like so. Get a little bit of a rinse. And this smells really good. Blend this together. If you have to, put it back on the stove, bring it up to a little bit of a simmer again if you have to. Just nice and blend it in. Let's take about two or three minutes. And then we're going to pour this back into our downy bottle. I'm just going to take some hot water here. Just come rinse that out. I'm going to see if we can't get the rest of this out of here. Wait, it's not one. Not one. And then when I wake my shampoos and my own conditioners, then I can reuse this bottle as well. Nothing gets thrown away. Remember that. So what I'm going to do now is just take this over the stove. Bring this back up to a simmer. And we're going to finish melting the conditioner. I'll be right back. Now we just put this back on the stove and we got rid of all the clumping. We didn't even have to bring it to a boil, but you can see it's steaming here a little bit. Now we're going to remove this from the burner. Continue to stir this and get this nice and mixed up here. That's perfect. Now we're ready to let this cool for about five minutes. And then we're going to pour it into our bottle. Now I've brought this off the stove. I'm going to let this cool for about a minute, two minutes. You can see it's all nice and melted. And now to thicken this up just a little bit, I'm going to add a tablespoon of 20 muil team borax. Okay? This will thicken it up so it will stay because I'm going to top load the washer that has like a little corner section where you pour your fabric softener in it. I'm just going to kind of sprinkle this in until I get the right consistency that I want. Where it just feels like it's just starting to thicken up just a little bit. About a tablespoon. Get that nice and blended. And again, this helps keep the clothes clean. It also helps with static clean as well. I'm just going to stir this for about a minute. Finish adding that in. Okay, and that looks good to me. It's thickened up just a little bit. I'm going to this cool off, it will thicken up a little bit more. And you don't want it to be gel-like in there. Before you use this, you can give it a little bit of a shake in the bottle before you pour it out. But just a tablespoon of borax will help thicken this up just a little bit. It'll give it the same consistency of the actual, you know, of the store-bought downy. And the smell is so good. That's good enough. Now what we've got here is we've got our old fabric softener bottle. And we've got a nice wide mouth funnel. And now what we've got to do now is we're just going to pour it in here. Careful, oops, this is hot. There we go. We've got to get the right angle here. There we go. So we'll check how much we've got in here. Okay, we've got room for the rest. I'm using a pan by the way with this fowl on it. Third up, it's picking up on us. And again, we're just going to keep pouring it in. There we go. There we go. There we go. And it's up to right here. See this, but it's up to right here. So, and this right here was originally a 2.68 liter bottle. So 2.83 US quarts of downy. Just give you the size of bottle that I'm using here. And like I said, it filled it up to right here. And this is still pretty hot in here. So what I want to do is I don't want to screw that lid on all the way. Just to let the steam out. You can even leave the lid off for a little while. But every time you want to use this, you want to give this just a little bit of a shake just like you normally would. And I want you to go price this at the store or look on your last, even your last grocery ticket, what you pay for your last almost three quart bottle of Launders' offener. And you'll see that is a very big savings. And you know what the taxes going up and everything with this fiscal cliff and how they raise our taxes up 2.0% We're going to get $200. The average American couple is going to get $200 less per paycheck. That's $400 per couple. They will not see every month in their paychecks. So that adds up to be a couple thousand dollars a year. These are ways that you can save. This is Chef Janie Pendleton. And I hope you've enjoyed how to make your own Launders offener. Oh, and it smells really good. It smells so good like green apples. Enjoy.