 Hey guys, in this section I'm going to talk about digital calipers and also analog calipers. I researches a fair amount online knowing that cheat measuring tools along with any other tools are junk and will likely be good for one or two uses, maybe in the case of calipers, maybe a year or so and they're going to be potentially giving you a skewed results. And I don't want skewed results because I don't want to blow myself up, blow my hand off, you know, whatever. So I wanted to go with a pretty decent set. I also knew that I wanted to buy a set of digital calipers for ease and speed and then a set of analog calipers basically for, in case the battery ran out and my digital set and a double check the measurements on my digital calipers. So that was my, that's my thought I'm buying both, one of each. So I started to do my research on calipers at the big online firearm store like Midway, Brownells, etc. After reading reviews, I noticed that many of the calipers that are made by Horned ERCBS, the big name, big name, fenders are made in China. So I wanted to get a decent set. I wanted to get a set, preferably that was made in the US, but I was having a really hard time trying to find a set. That was reasonably priced. So I started, I realized that calipers aren't specific for reloading. So I expanded my search to places like Sears, Loads, places like that. And I didn't know the quality of the stuff that they were selling either. So in the end, I ended up going to Amazon and basing my decision off of customer reviews. Better bad, that was what I thought was the best. So Amazon had a ton of calipers. I had so many that I didn't even know which ones to pick. So I sorted them based on average review, you know, the main things that you do when you go search for a buy in Amazon. And I actually found some as low as under $10. And then I saw some that were as high as like $12,000. No idea what you want at $12,000 set of calipers for. Maybe many of your pieces for the special have no idea. But they sell them and I think they had like one review and it was a five star. So I'm assuming that those are pretty good ones. Even with the one review for the one person that could afford them. So obviously I went with the cheaper models and I went with one that had good reviews. At the bottom of this video, if you're watching this on YouTube or my blog post, you can see this $12,000 set that I found too, just if you're curious to see what that's $12,000 set looks like. So first I'm going to explain how to use the digital set. So I ended up going with a set by Nico. I don't know if that's how you say it, but it was the number one best seller on Amazon. So I picked it. I've not had any issues. Comes with a case with an extra battery. Not had the change the battery yet. The battery goes in this little slot right here. Very simple use to use an off red button. Zero it with the yellow button and then you can switch from imperial to metric. I guess it also does fraction fractions. Did not know that. So just now you tell how many times I've pushed that blue button. So then there's also a locking button up here where you can lock the clause. So I have two pieces of brass here. This is from the same batch that I've been taught. Same batch of brass that I've been running through in this whole video series. So it is a twice fired brass. So I purchased it from the store. I believe it's PMC. So PMC brass probably got it a caballero or something like that. Fired at once from the factory load and then I reloaded it one other time. And then this is actually the second fired brass. So in the first time I fired the brass after the factory, I trimmed them all to a consistent length. The next video I'll talk about trimming. You can see the second firing, how inconsistent the brass measurements are just from that second firing. So let's do that. So first thing to do is run these all the way down. I already have them zeroed. But sometimes if you run them down, it may be off by maybe a hundred. So this you have 10,000 and then I guess 10,000. I don't know. I didn't research it for this video so I'm wrong. I'm sure somebody will point it out. So I'm going to measure this and just another thing too. I like to, my first turn them on, like to run them out and then run them back a couple times. Make sure they hit zero every time. So kind of hard to do looking behind the camera here, but run these down and you can see that this particular piece of brass is 1.758. So my trusty William and Handbook says that the maximum length of piece of brass should be 1.760. So this should be a good measure underneath. They're in within spec, which is good. I would reload this as is and you'd be safe. So let me check the other one here. So this one is 1.754. It's a little bit different measurements. You can see the difference. You can't see it. So my new, but when I reload, even though they are both fairly close, I still, if they're off, a couple of thousands, I still like to get them all the same length for the same 1,000-7 inch just for accuracy. So you can kind of see how this works. So also when I trim, I actually set these for what I want. So I measure a couple and find out what I want, the trim length to be, whatever it is. I'll show you in the next video how I actually do that. I lock that to say I want it 1.754.5. I just lock it there, turn it off, and likely they're going to be long. I just make sure they fit if not, then I retremble. So it's nice having that locking feature on there. So next, there's just, here's the digital set. They're pretty good. You can also trim or you can also measure up here for, say, you want to do the inside of the neck there for something. That's what that's for up there. Mainly, I'm using this for the basic functionality. So let me readjust the camera here and I will show you the analog set and we can talk about that and we will be right back. All right, I'm back. Now I'm going to show you how to use the analog set that I purchased. And just as a reminder, at the end of this video, at the end of my blog, there are links to each one of these calipers that I purchased on Amazon. If you are looking for a good set, they're a pretty good set. I have no issues with them. I don't want to have, I include the links so I don't want to have somebody confused on which ones I actually bought. So there's no question by having the links you'll know which ones I bought. So analog set. This set was cheaper than the digital set. Feels better quality. It's heavier. Digital sets, like I said, I have had no issues with, but this is my backup set. So I don't mess with this too much in case I wanted to. The only reason I mess with this is on a double check. The measurement on my digital set or if I, my battery is dying or something like that, which never happened. So let me show you how to use this. I think it's probably a good idea to learn and be comfortable with using the analog set, just because that's what everybody started out with. I think it's just good to know how to do things manual instead of relying on electronics all the time. So I threw the piece of brass that I measured with my digital calipers into the analog set. The way this works is on this slider, you can see a zero, you can see a one in between the zero and the one broken up into tenths. So one tenth of an inch, two tenths, three, four, five all the way up to one inch. And then same thing, if I were to slide this back more, you'd see a two. So your rough reading would be one inch, one, point seven. And then your minor reading, this is your, the, I call it a minor, no idea what technical name is. The outside black is what you want. That's imperial. The inside red is metric. Same goes for the top of the slider here. This is all metric. Don't need to worry about that. So red pin metric, black pin imperial, outer ring, black imperial. This is also broken up into tenths, which would actually be hundreds of an inch. So this one is between the 50 and the 60, which would make that, it's hard to see through the camera here, but it looks like it's about five, seven or something like that. So the reading for this piece of brass would be one inch, one point seven, five, seven ish. A little bit different than the digital caliber that I had before, but that's basically how you read. So let me do another one here. And by the way, run these all the way down. You can see both pins are at zero down here. It's a locking screw. This dial turns. You think it, you just by looking at it, it seems kind of cheap the way it's set up, but it's very precise and feels solid when you set it. I don't have any issues with that. So it stays, stays zero really good. So next piece of brass. So this is the smaller than the two. You can see one inch point seven because the base of this is not past the eight line. So seven, five, one, two, between two and three, kind of hard to see through the camera. So I would call this the one point seven, five, three, exactly. And same thing goes here. You can lock this. And nice thing about these when you lock it, you can see them with the measurement is all the time because there's no battery. And you slide the brass in there in your trimming. Make sure all this is the bigger one, but you can do the idea. So each one of these, they are not, each one of these calipers that I show you how to use here. They are, there's no markings on whether or made, which tells me they're made in China. So you know, whatever, if you want to spend money on the $12,000 set, that's probably made in America or somewhere other, some other place like Swiss, Switzerland with Rolex is whatever. You can buy that one. These are working good for me and no issues. So let's wrap up and of this video. And this is basically how you use calipers. So next video, we will move on in the process. As we get closer to the end of the brass preparation. So thanks for watching and see you in the next video.