 Alrighty, we're going to answer the question of how do you make roast corn chowder? Now, roast corn chowder is in a class by itself. Why is it in a class by itself? Because this soup is exclusive to the use of corn, unlike cream soups or bisque soups that are cream of mushroom, cream of broccoli, cream of tomato, this process tends to be the same. In the case of the roast corn chowder, this soup and the process we're making it is kind of exclusive to this. Now, some chowders are made similarly like this, but none of them are like this one. This one is in a class by itself. We're going to begin this one by talking to you a little bit about the corn. Now, the ingredient list calls for corn on the cob is shocked or frozen corn, if you can't get corn on the cob. And if you did get corn on the cob, it would tell you to shock the corn, take the cobs, oil them a little bit, put them on a sheet pan, roasting pan, and cook them in the oven to them a little bit brown, and then simmer them in chicken stock to make roast corn cob chicken stock. Now, that's one way. You don't have to do that, but that's if you have an opportunity and you have the time, that's another way you can go about having a soup taste like roast corn. And assuming that you don't have the corn in the cob and you're buying frozen corn, I've made this multiple times both ways with the cobs and without it. In both cases, it's really, really good. So don't start thinking that you're cutting a corner where you're using the frozen. It's all going to depend on how you go about making the soup. And that's what I'm going to show you right now. To begin with, we take your corn kernels, which I got, which are frozen, and just put them in the oven plain the way they are, okay? On a sheet pan. Now, one of the things put it in there, like 400 degrees, that's probably going to take, excuse me, about half an hour. Now you get in there with a spatula every so often because it tends to brown on the corners of the sheet pan and kind of mix them all together so it browns evenly. And then the bacon, and I was talking to the producer about which pan we're going to cook the bacon on. And it came up that it was important for you to understand why I'm going to cook the bacon, this amount of bacon on this pan, rather than on a pan like this, okay, in terms of the size. Now, what we did was, now I made the bacon, which I'd like to get over here in a second if I could right here. And I made some bacon in advance. And what I did was I took slices of bacon and you have an entire lesson on how to make bacon largeouz. This is just thick slice bacon, this isn't exactly bacon largeouz, this is store-bought slice bacon that's thick. Just cut it up in pieces. And put it on a sheet pan to render in the oven a little more slowly than you would trying to do this on top of the stove. If you try to render this on top of the stove, what's going to happen is it cooks too fast but doesn't render as much. The process of putting it in the oven makes the fat come out of it a little bit more. Now, the reason I'm using this pan, and said that pan is too big for this much bacon. Why is it too big for this much bacon? Well throughout all the cooking you'll find people referring to, if you're making a quart and a half of sauce, they'll say we'll get a two quart sauce pan, okay. Now, let's say you get a six quart sauce pan or an eight quart sauce pan to do a quart and a half of sauce. Why is that? Why do we keep referring to the appropriate size of the piece of equipment when we're making something? Here's the reason and it would apply across the board to all of these applications of cooking in the right size piece of equipment, whatever it happens to be. The food absorbs the heat. Now if I take this bacon and put it on that sheet pan, okay. Then we can just back over here, Richard, sorry. Now there's only so much bacon to absorb the amount of heat that's in the oven. This pan has to absorb the rest of the heat and eventually this pan is going to buckle and bend and basically buckle and bend. Also what happens to pots and pans? If you cook one quart of soup in a 10 quart pan, that pan itself is going to have to absorb all that heat from the flame because there's no food in it to do so. Remember the metal is designed to transmit the heat to the food from the flame. If you have boo-coo metal with no food to transmit the heat to, then the metal has to absorb and hold the heat and eventually it damages the metal. So that's why in the big picture we're always using the right size vessel if you will for cooking in for the amount of food that we have, right. So we're going to take this bacon and we're going to throw it in the oven also with the corn. And we're going to let those soup cook. Meanwhile I'm going to use the rendered bacon and we're going to start the process of making the soup for you, okay. That old thing is you can't stand the heat and get out of the kitchen. I can stand the heat and that's why I'm in here. I don't care if I sweat. Now we're going to heat up our pan and we're going to make sure that we have bacon fat in this recipe. And throughout life do not throw your bacon fat away when you're cooking. I don't care what it's for. If you happen to be making bacon strips in the morning, save the bacon fat if you're not serving it which you typically would not with your bacon. So we're going to put a little bit of bacon fat in here and I ended up with probably about a half a cup of bacon fat I got in here, say it. And we're going to put some of the bacon in accordance with the prescription that's in your ingredient list. And you can always add a little bit more bacon to the soup later if you think you need more. Into that bacon we're going to put the onions and the red peppers that are in this recipe. And we're going to put the dry leaf thyme in there now a little bit. And we're going to put a little bit of salt and pepper. And I'm going to take a swig of water. A little bit of salt, a little bit of pepper, keeping in mind. Again like I always say when we're making something like this is always be careful about trying to add what you think are all the seasonings to the soup, whatever it is, in this case it's the soup. In the beginning stages of the cooking process, you're always waiting till the end during the finishing process to add the final amounts of salt and pepper that you think belong in there. I'm going to give that a little mix. And we're going to turn that down a little bit. We're going to cook this stuff about, I'd say about 8 to 10 minutes. Now if I was going to make this soup and I wasn't showing you how to do it, I would have roasted the corn probably yesterday and put it in a little container and put it in the fridge. So the day that I make this soup, I don't have to go roasting the corn and rendering the bacon. I had the bacon free render. I might do that too. It depends on whether or not you have time. Sometimes you may just want to be drinking a glass of wine on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon and walk around the house and take all the time in the world to make the pot of soup. But that's great. But if that's not the case, keep in mind that you can pre-brown the corn kernels and storm in the fridge. You can cut up all your veg and do the same thing with your rendering your bacon and put that in the fridge. So we're going to time elapse this. A lot longer than it takes to cook the veg because we're going to wait for the corn to be done. And I'll show you what that bacon looks like two afterwards, rendering it in that pan. So we're probably going to time elapse here about a half an hour. So I'll be back 30 minutes right now. Okay?