 Hi, I'm Mary Rogers and this is the Quizanard Double Belgian Waffle Maker. So, it's a lot of fun to use. The great thing about it is it cooks two large Belgian waffles at the same time and two very deep pocketed waffles. So they're about one inch deep. The unit has 1,400 watts of power, so it's very powerful. You just lift up the lid. You can put your batter right in the middle here. You close it. There's a little turn, a touch of which way to turn it. Turn it 180 degrees. You lift the other side up, then you're going to put your batter here. Close it and turn it again. And the reason you do that is it helps distribute the batter around the, both of the sets of plates for the Belgian waffle maker. So it's beautifully designed. It's round. It's made out of stainless steel. There's your indicator lights in the front here and then also on the bottom. And that will turn green when it's ready to be used. And then what will happen is once you put the batter in, it will go off. And then it will go back on when your waffle is done. And the unit also will be three times letting you know it's ready to use. And your waffle has been completely cooked. In the front here, this is your on-off switch. You can see I have it on right now, so it's preheating. And also this is your shade control. It goes from one, which is very light, all the way to six. I usually like to cook it on four or five. So it gives it a nice, really nice even doneness. The unit also has on the bottom a cord wrap so you can store your cord really easy. And the great thing about it is if you're making waffles for family, you can cook to it at a time. You can split them in half and you can feed four people almost immediately. And also cooks very, very quickly. So today I'm going to show you how to make a classic Belgian waffle batter. I'm going to make some waffles. So the first thing you're going to do is this is our flour. We're going to add our salt to the flour. And we're just going to incorporate it just very quickly. Then what we're going to do is in this bowl here, I already started the yeast portion. So I put these half of the water and a pinch of sugar into this bowl. And you're supposed to let it sit between five and ten minutes, but you can see it's very fluffy now. So to that, we're going to add some of our liquid ingredients. First the three egg yolks. One egg white. The sugar, this happens to be organic. And what we're going to do is we're going to incorporate that. So it's nicely incorporated. And then to this liquid batter, we're going to add the rest of our ingredients, which is the rest of the water, the butter, milk. I'm just going to put this aside. Vanilla. And then a little bit of oil. So just mix that thoroughly. Then what we're going to do is we're going to incorporate our dry ingredients to the liquid. So you're going to incorporate this until it is smooth. And after we've incorporated all the dry ingredients, which I'm almost finished, we're going to fold in some egg whites. And the egg whites were already beaten until about a stiff peak. So I'm just going to add that and then incorporate it by folding. So just fold that. Just turn the bowl and be gentle. The egg whites will add a really nice texture and also a lightness to your waffles. So one thing I forgot to mention also is that we have a little batter cup that you're going to use. And that's perfect because it will give you the exact amount of batter that you need to add to each of the waffle plates. Okay, so this looks pretty good. I could probably do a little more. But first thing we're going to do when we open the waffle maker is we're going to season the plates with just a little bit of oil. You just recommend that you do that. It helps for the nonstick plates to release the waffle very easily when you're done cooking it. So scoop up some of the batter. Add it to the plate. We're going to close it. Turn it. On the other side, once again, we're going to season the side too. But let's not forget that. You can use any type of silicone brush that works really great or if you have a pastry brush, just be careful with a pastry brush. If it's nylon, you can sometimes some of the little bristles will get stuck to the waffle plates. Better to use the silicone one. Okay, close it again and turn. And now what we're going to do is let it bake and we come back. I'm going to serve it up for you. So let's check on our waffle. I could have definitely put more batter in, that's for sure. And if this is a little too light for your liking, you can easily put it on a little bit higher. I like it usually a little bit darker than that. Oh, I guess I'd really get came up with the case of the shorts here. Whoops. I forgot to wait till that one was done. So there you have it. Let's make it look a little more appealing. You can use fresh fruit. You can use a nice thing to do too. It was to do maybe like a little ice cream, a whipped cream, a whipped topping, or some syrup and butter, a little coconut. Make it look really nice. So there you have it, the Queezenart Double Belgian Waffle Maker.