 Hey everyone in today's video we're going to learn how to make the egg for the diner cake. So I've got a 5 inch cake here and I've baked it probably to be about 3 and a half to 4 inches tall. I've got a 6 inch cake board, really thin one and I'm just going to cut the base of the cake so it's rounded slightly. This is actually going to be the bottom of the egg. Now I did colour this sort of like a mint green light blue type of colour. Simply because of the fact that this is for the blue raptor. And I've just stuck a little bit of ganache to the bottom of that board. Now you'll notice that the cake doesn't cover the full board and we don't need it to because we're going to stick some shredded wheat around that anyway. So I'm filling this with chocolate buttercream, it's just a vanilla flavoured cake and we're going to split the cake into 3 layers. And once you've got all 3 layers put together we're just going to trim around the excess. We don't want any lumps or bumps to pop out so we're just going to trim that off. So once you've got that I've got some ganache and I'm just going to slap it all on. And we're just going to cover this for a chrome cut. Now the cake feels quite wobbly, it does move a little bit. And I'm just using one of the flexi smoothers just to cover the cake and take off the excess ganache. I've used these because you can bend them to sort of shape them a little bit round. And once you've covered your cake we're just going to stick it in the fridge for a little bit. That's going to set up the chrome cut and make the cake a little bit better to cover again. I've just chilled it for 10 minutes and I'm just taking some more ganache and we're just going to pop that on. Now the ganache gives it a little bit more stability so I would recommend using the silver buttercream. So we're going to use the same method as before just using the flexi smoother just to take any excess ganache off. And just smoothing out the top. So you can see that it is bubbling quite a bit. But once we've made the shredded wheat and mashmallows that's just going to fix it into place. And it is because I'm applying quite a bit of pressure when I am putting the ganache on. So I decided that I needed to take it in a little bit at the bottom. So we're just going to cut in. Sometimes it's easier to actually do this when the cake's covering ganache. It's easier to cut. So I've just gone around the bottom a little bit and then I'm just going to fill in the bottom bits with ganache. Again, using the flexi smoother just so that I can get under there and take away the excess ganache. So once you've got this stage you should have something that resembles what I've got here. And next we're just going to move on to the hot knife method. Now I have got a full video of how to ganache a cake in my video selection. I've just got some boiling hot water and a knife and I'm just using the smooth end of the knife and just taking off the areas of ganache that are not quite smooth. And this is going to give us quite a nice finish on our cake. I've taken some fondant and I've coloured that in navy. I'm just going to rest that on top and smooth it out and then trim off the excess. So with scissors on now if you can trim off the excess whichever you find easier to do, don't worry about it hanging over the edges because we're going to smooth that in anyway. I do have a tutorial for the raptor that goes on top so I will put a link in the description box below and a link at the end of the video. So once we've done this we're going to just wet the side of the cake. So just a little bit of water on a brush and this is just going to make sure the fondant adheres to the cake. Now I've taken some wrenchar's extra and I've coloured it cream and you can see that I've rolled it out so it's thicker at one side than at the other. And we're going to put the thin side at the bottom of the egg and the thicker side at the top. And we're just going to wrap that around and hold it into place. We're going to tuck it as much as we can and trim off any excess. So you kind of want to rub it in with your hands at an angle because we want to try and keep it round. So you want to cut the side of the cake whilst rubbing it on. The thick side, try not to make it so it flops over completely because we need to cut this to give it the impression of a cracked egg. So for the join we're going to trim off any excess and then we're going to take some smoothers and we're just going to rub those two pieces together. And they will blend together quite nicely. So you see I've got the flexi smoothers again because you can change the shape of those so you can cut them to the cake and make them more rounded. Trimming any excess off from the bottom of the egg and getting in there with the flexi smoother as well. So you can see I'm pulling up in an upward motion and you can see that the join is there at the minute. So we're just literally going to push that together and press it in with our fingers. Just so that the fondants stick together and we can see what we need to blend out. So again with the flexi smoothers we're just going to rub that in and you kind of want to go up and down and then pull in the areas in together as well to get rid of that join. I'm right handed so I need to be at the other side. So it's proving difficult to blend together or you're using a firmer paste to do the egg. Then just take a little bit of water, rub it on the area that needs to be blended in and then just rub it with your flexi smoother. So you can see that I'm pushing those areas together. You can also add areas like a little bit of fondant if you wet the fondant with some water kind of forms like a bit of a gloop and you can put that into the crack and blend that in as well. So you can see that I'm pushing the sides of the egg up because we want them to stand up rather than drop down. And I'm just going to start to cut in some zigzag type shapes. Now that I want to come down you want something that go across and they all want to be at different angles. We're just going to cut around the cake, making sure that we smooth out any rough edges and trying to keep the shapes as kind of like irregular as possible. We don't want it to look too neat because we want it to look like it's just cracked. So just keep working your way around the cake. Now the reason we kept it thicker at the top is so that it stands up better. If we'd have rolled this too thin then the sharp edges would have just flocked over and it would have been difficult to get the kind of look that we was going for. So make sure that the edge is a secure stuck to the side of the cake and just go over it with a smoother if needed. So I'm just going to try the dinosaur in there and make sure that it's a good fit. Curling the edges over slightly because we need to remember that it's an egg so it comes in as it goes to the top. So I've got some royal blue sugar flare and we're going to create some cake splatters. So I've just taken a little bit of tissue paper there and popped it in at the side just to support those sharp edges. So I've got some of the royal blue and a thick brush and I just added a little bit of water to the colour and I'm just going to work my way around the cake and I'm just going to flick this on. And it's going to create like a splatter effect. You can do this in any colour but it was blue. I did it because obviously it's blue the raptor that was coming out of the egg. So just keep going until you're happy with the coverage and then once you're happy with that we're going to just pin the inside of the egg. So it's just to give it a more of a wet look I guess so that it looks more like the inside of an egg. So just pin in that with the same colour. So you can see it just makes it a little bit more darker. Next I've got some of the licorice sugar flare and I'm just going to create a colour the inside of the egg. So there's sharp bits that come up at the side you can see I'm just colouring those in and I'm colouring in the black colour. I did have to do two coats of this so don't worry about getting it all filled out in the first go. So I did one coat let it dry a little bit and then touched up the areas that were a bit streaky. Now the filming of the shreddies and the mash mellas didn't actually record but basically all I've done is I've taken probably about 80 grams of mash mellas, the mini ones. Heat them in the microwave and then I've broken around about three shreddies into that and just mixed it up. You don't want to see too much of the mash mellas through it so just keep adding the shredded wheat until you're happy with the final look. Once I place this on the top of the cake I then secured it with the shreddies. Now I have got a tutorial for the bottom dinosaur crease well that I'll be putting up shortly and you will find the link to blue at the end of this video. So once you've finished your dinosaur egg should look something like this. I hope you liked today's video. If you have please hit the thumbs up button down below. Don't forget to subscribe and if you'd like to see more of my videos please click the links on the screen now. Thank you.