 Alright. Hello everyone, I'm John. I'm Rebecca. And we are good to know. Okay, we have a product. We use this a lot. It's a kitchen aid and it's a grinder. It's the grinder, it's a kitchen. And stopper. It will actually come with two sides of stuffings. This will fit your kitchen aid. Pull that up right there. Put that in right there. And you just type there's a little knob back here. You just type it down. It comes with three different blades. One blade, yeah. One blade. And we'll put it on there. This goes on right here. Let me show you this too. Okay, push this from the backside. You take that out for clean. That's the order that pulls the meat or vegetables. Pushes it through. You take the blade. This goes in either way. Just take it in, don't matter which way it goes in. It's got a little square nut there. It fits up to you. And we're going to try the bigger blade first. We're going to try the bigger blade first. I pay attention. And then we'll grind something like this. You can tap on. And then you can see that there are a lot of them there like that. You type there down. And this is the pusher. And that is basically it to that. And like I said, once you get done, you take all this out easy clean. Well, the way I clean ground meat from there is I run a couple slices of bread through it. Yeah, through the end. And then at the very end, and that will get most of it out. And it makes it easier to clean. It also wakes off a lot of that grease. And like I said, once you get that done and you want to go and you buy you some sausage. So I'll say the casing is any kind you want. You can use synthetic or you can use what they're real stuff if you want to. And this screws off and fits in there like that. And there's a small one for the sheet casing. And then this one would go for the hog casing. All casing. Or you can buy the big little five pounder ones and you can stick on there. And you just hold it all the way and you just fill it up. I'm packing it. We're going to grind some meat. Let's see what it looks like. All right. And I'm going to show them how to keep these. There's two ways to keep this as tidy as possible. And the first trick is to use a bowl to turn it upside down. Because this is up there pretty high. And if it's going to get down to that level, it's just going to make a mess. Trust me. And just stack another smaller bowl on top of it. And also you might want to get a rag because it does spur a little bit. We forgot about that. And then what we usually do is just cover it like that. Another trick. Isn't it a little like that? Yeah. Now this is not going to support itself once you get a lot of food in there. But it's a good way to get started. And since we're just going to process this and store it, this is the perfect method. All right. And how do you do it? Thank you. All right. All right. Hey, we've padded some of this out just so you can see how easy it is to manipulate. And this is holding its shape so well. I was a little bit worried about the pre-cooked pastrani in there. But man, this is so moist. It's holding its shape. We didn't add a single thing to this. This is just the strombing and the pork. We're going to fry that up just to test it out. You should always do a test fry. Make sure you like the way it tastes. Make the taste. You like the consistency of it. You may have too much fan in it. Maybe you have too much meat. And we'll be right back. Take it apart. Make sure I like to get all this stuff out of it. And then I wash most of it in the dishwasher. So it will help sanitize it. Just take all the pieces apart. Get off the pieces of pads and stuck to the blade. We're good to go. Be washed. We want to thank you all for coming. Please share us with your social media. That's right. And please subscribe down there. Okay. Give me the first time here. And most important. We want you all to come back.