 I'm Kelly from Just A Taste and I have never met a cheesy carb. I did an absolutely devour. So naturally, I love a good piece of pizza and I'm always looking for ways to turn ordinary pizza dough into anything but an ordinary slice of pizza. Behold, easy homemade garlic knots. What's awesome about this recipe is you can use homemade or store-bought pizza dough, which is what I'm starting with today. This is a recipe for my ultimate pizza dough that I have on Just A Taste and I'm going to start by lightly flouring the work surface. And this is going to prevent our dough from sticking. So once I have a good coating of flour down, we're going to get our dough onto here and a really great tip for when you're rolling out dough, especially since we're going to make garlic knots out of this, is you want the dough to be at room temperature and it just kind of relaxes everything in the dough. It makes it chill out so that you can roll it and get a much nicer shape. So I'm going to start by pressing the dough with my fingers. I get a little bit more flour on top because we do not want our rolling pin to stick. And we'll get this into about a 10 inch square. It does not need to be exact because let's be honest, it's dough, it's going in the oven and getting covered in butter and garlic. It's going to taste good no matter what. So now that we have our dough in the shape that we want it, I'm just going to use a sharp knife. You could also use a pizza wheel. And I'm going to cut this into strips, starting by making two rectangles. We'll cut each rectangle into strips. You want each strip to be about a half inch thick. Alright, and once you have the dough cut into little strips like this, this is a great chance you can actually get the kids involved because now we're going to shape each piece of dough into a knot. Cross the two pieces, pull that one through, and you've got an unbaked garlic knot. I'm going to get all of these onto my lined baking sheet. You could use parchment paper or a silt pat baking mat and just continue going with all of my strips of dough. And then I'm going to pop these garlic knots into a 375 degree Fahrenheit oven for about 10 minutes. Then you're going to flip them and continue baking them until they're golden brown. While the garlic knots are baking, we're going to make our garlic butter. So to a small saucepan, I'm going to add some butter, olive oil, and then of course, plenty of chopped fresh garlic. Then we're going to cook this over medium heat just until the butter melts and the garlic gets golden brown. Now that the butter is melted, we're going to turn off the heat and then stir in some chopped fresh Italian parsley. Okay, so now that our garlic knots are almost finished, I'm just going to set this butter aside. Now that the knots are golden, we're going to brush them with the garlic butter and then top them with grated parmesan cheese. All right, so we want to make sure we get tons of this garlicky herb. Oh my god, look at that butter all over. We have to brush each of them individually, but these look great. And then of course, we cannot have garlic knots without plenty of cheese. So I have some grated parmesan cheese. This is going to go right on top while the knots are still warm. And there you have it, the easiest ever homemade garlic knots. It's butter, cheese, and carbs. What more could you possibly need?