 Hey friends, this is the Miss Awolfie from our Half-Aker homestead and today I'm gonna bone out a chicken. This is part of our, this is part three of our turducken series. Now this is a store bought chicken folks because My chickens are frozen and you know I have to do fresh. So this is a fresh Organic chicken, very expensive, but it's I wanted it because it's very little because we only have a little bit of duck meat and our turkey isn't huge either. So we wanted a little chicken So we got an organic one. Look! Oh, plucked and ready to go! I'm just gonna check in here for any bits and pieces and just like our duck and our turkey. Your nice sharp knife Feel along the backbone Just like our turkey only much much smaller. I wasn't gonna debone this, but it's so small you really should see it. Now let's go to our shoulder joint here. We're gonna just take the wing. We're just gonna cut the wing off. Because we you know how much meat is gonna be on this. Just like that. And when I go to make my gravy, I'll just pop these in with the broth. Now folks Here's an interesting thing. If you're parsing up your chickens for say chicken wings and stuff And you want to do a bag of chicken wings and you don't like to put them in like this. You just take this little piece Okay, and you just fold it like that in on itself and there is your folded chicken wing. Okay? Now that our wings are off we can go down into and Fine you can really actually feel it as there's the backbone There we go Now we're just going to go down along the ribcage Let's get this shoulder blade out of here Now be again like the turkey be really careful folks because that's just skin Now we're gonna go down Other side of the backbone Find our Leg joint and you really can find it with just the feel of life Now obviously we're not deboning this Completely whole because it's going inside the turdakins, so we really don't need To it doesn't need to be beautiful. It just needs to be in one piece. There's the joint right there And then we're just gonna go here And you can almost peel because this is so lovely and so fresh I got a whole new skin there, but that's okay. That's from the That's from taking the wing off now we're just gonna go Along here Find the ribcage and just go down the ribcage The old woohoo there We get almost rolled over and start from this side, but we're gonna go back down the other side of the ribcage There's our shoulder joint a little bit there You just gonna cut around any bone you find and Then slide your knife down the ribcage once you've done the turkey and the duck folks a Little chicken actually is not that difficult to do Watching your fingers there is a reason folks that meat cutters wear chain male gloves Okay, now There's that little piece of cartilage from the tip of the breastbone. We want to take that out It really looks like I'm mangling this, but I'm not folks. I at least I hope I'm not All right Okay, so now you can almost pick up the ribcage and just Cut here's that bit of breastbone. We just want to Separate the connective tissue and take the neck and there is our ribcage and again We're gonna save this for the stock for the gravy Okay, so If you really wanted to you could sew this back up and Stuff it, but we're gonna take the legs out. Let me just wash my hands and Because there this is really really cold and we'll get right back at it All right, so here we have our little chicken It's a little mangled, but you know what it's going inside the Turkey so now the turduckin so now what we want to do is we want to take the bone out of the drumstick and the fine that's the tricky part because In the turkey I Left the drumsticks in and the duck. I didn't leave any skin So we just took pieces off as we wanted so the tricky part is going to be getting the thigh bone and the drumstick out without Wrecking this skin because you know what we want to stuff that So we're just going to go Spread our little guy open here and we're just gonna go and feel along the thigh bone inside The chicken And be careful you don't want to cut your hands or the skin and If you go want to leave the wings on and go ahead and try and debone the puppies you go right ahead I am just not up to that challenge. That's why I took the wings off Yeah, now that we've got the knob of the thigh bone exposed We are just going to Shave the meat down the bone until we get to The joint and we're just gonna leave the joint intact because it gives us something to hold on to As we go down the rest of the way to the drum the bottom of the drumstick now Give it a little slice there I've inserted my knife and given a little slice to expose the bone And I'm just gonna peel the skin down trying not to puncture it and then I'm just gonna cut away the meat Around the joint again just peeling it down Try not to cut the skin if we cut the skin. It's not a huge deal. This is a turduckin folks We're not sewing this back up And stuffing it, but it's nice to know that you can if you want to Except for the wings of course If I were you I'd just sew them back on All right now We want to cut away the ligaments that attach the meat or the muscle to the bone and See once you get those ligaments done This just kind of peels right down We're gonna scrape it with our good sharp knife again see there's a ligament You don't want that cut it away as far away from the meat as possible and Now look at this folks. We're just gonna grab this by the knuckle This is why I left this joint intact because it gives you something to grip as you pull and Bob's your uncle Okay, maybe not your uncle, but maybe your aunt There goes The complete Bone for and look we're just gonna shove that back out just like that look at that Now if you wanted to do this with a duck This is the kind of thing Julia Charles does and I'm I'm dropping names here because I'm really proud of this So we're gonna go ahead and do it with the other side and Then we're gonna roll this up. So when I get the other leg done. We'll be back. Okay. Here it is folks Our little debone chicken and I'm really Prodigously plowed proud of this job I've missed a little bit of breast meat. So what I'm gonna do is I'm just gonna cut that off and stuff it in the legs because I'm not going to put stuffing in the legs I was thinking of opening up the legs, but then I realized you know what I'm really quite happy with the job so And there it is my debone chicken and again now I'll be cooking this tomorrow or putting this all together in the next 48 hours, so I am not going to freeze this. I'm just gonna put this on the top shelf of my fridge That actually seems to get frozen anyway But not solidly so we're just gonna if we've got it all laid out on our parchment paper And if you were gonna freeze it until you're ready to put your talking to your ducking together remember folks You cannot thaw debone and refreeze poultry or meat of any kind I'm making mine all frat. I started from fresh. That's why I had to buy this chicken because mine are all frozen so there we go. We're gonna put that in a bag and and We're going to put this in the fridge and then the next episode you're going to see us putting our two ducking together This is the Mississippi from our half-acre homestead saying I really hope you like this video when it's all done because I ain't never doing this again Take care. Bye bye