 Hi, it's Parris from Epic Reviews, a health channel and dry now. Today something new, I just found that our supermarket, it is cashew milk. Other countries have had cashew milk for quite some time as an alternative to standard dairy milk. Countries that have a lot of cashews like Brazil. So other people have been drinking this for quite a while. And seem to like it. I'm still looking for a good milk replacement going on 20 years now since I found out I was lactose intolerant. I've been through all the other alternatives. Hope this one might do it for me. Now you might be saying well there's lactose free milk and that's true. Something about the taste though, when you take the milk sugars out, it just isn't that good anymore. Also in my diet I'm not supposed to have the animal protein. So even the protein from the milk I'm trying to avoid. So I went through back, oh 15 years ago or so the soy milk which was originally all you could get. If you didn't want regular milk, there was soy milk. It was okay. I was really happy when it came out with nut-based milk like the almond milk. It's good but get tired of it. Coconut milk was a nice alternative. Very refreshing and much lighter than a nut-based milk. And now we have cashew milk. I love cashews. I love them so much that I can't have them because if I buy a tin of cashews to eat, I will eat a tin of cashews. I will not have a handful of cashews. One of my favorite foods in the world is cashews. So I have to avoid having them in the nut form. I thought well if this tastes, then all that cashews taste this could really be wonderful. I'll give you a quick look here at the ingredients and the nutrition label. 80 calories per cup. So higher than the almond milk which is at 60. It doesn't have much potassium which the other milk alternatives have and which is something I always need to have extrabose potassium. So I'm a little disappointed in that. Fats about the same as the almond milk. They also have the same amount of calcium and vitamin D because they add those in. Let us promise you as the numbers may be what comes down to us. How does it taste? So I have been waiting to try this out. Looks okay in color. Different smell than the other nut-based milk. Yeah definitely nutty smell and I don't smell that with this. Okay. I'm looking better in the whole without all the light shining out of it. But if it tastes like cashews, I'm all for it. Almond milk definitely lighter. Yeah quite a few shades lighter. Here there are a close. This is the cashew milk. You can kind of see the consistency in the color. Here is almond milk. All right first time ever to try cashew milk. Can't quite tell what that smell is. That's interesting. It's not quite cashew. It's like there's a vanilla flavor or something to it. I looked in the ingredients and there's no vanilla. The only thing I can think it might be is the almond butter. I don't know why they're putting almond butter in cashew milk. It's good. It doesn't taste quite like cashews though. I like this by itself. It has so much flavor. I don't know that I like it on cereal or mixed with something else though. Let me try the almonds with milk to remind myself. Yeah that's what I remember almond milk taste like. This is...it just goes straight over the tongue and you swallow it. It's not that creamy. This is far creamier. It coats your tongue and your taste buds and inside your mouth. I like that aspect. I definitely like this as a drink on its own. Going for something like cereal, something you need to mix the milk with. I probably still go with almond milk or the coconut milk. In my list of do's and don't foods, I'm afraid cookies are on the don't side. That would be really good to try these out with cookies and see how that tastes in a racks. I can't tell you about that. I did ask my 14 year old Roxanna if she would try this out with me and she said, doesn't want milk. Made from nuts because she's fortunate she can still drink milk that comes from cashews. You want less comparison here? The almond first. This is so much richer and creamier. This stands alone as a drink so much better. At least I know I have this as an option for when I want something that's sort of like milk and it's certainly nice to have another alternative to soy, almond, coconut milk. Something else with a different flavor when you can't have that original milk anymore. Always nice to have that as a choice. Cashew milk goes about the same price as almond milk about 2.5 to 3 dollars for a half gallon. Now the last time I was at supermarket I found another unique drink that I thought might be something good for me so I will be doing a video that soon. You can keep checking back to that or you can click that subscribe button down below. See you in the next review.