 So today on Beauty from Trash's I'm going to show you how to make a bag out of plastic bags. For your supplies all you'll need is a letter N 9mm crochet hook, a pair of scissors, 20 bags. Now I don't know if you'll need more than 20 bags but if you do happen to need more you can always add more to the end of your ball of yarn. To make your yarn the first thing you need to do is lay out your bag. Then fold your bag in half. After you do that we're going to cut off the top part that has the handles. Then fold your bag in half. Two more times. Cut off the very end. Then cut your bag into one inch strips. It doesn't matter if the strips aren't all the same. Once you have your strips take two of them and you're going to link them together. So take one and put it here another. Bring them around just like this and pull one loop through the other. Do it again. But this time make sure that these two strings are the same size you have to do it in the middle. Just like that. Continue doing this. Then once you have about three bags start rolling your yarn into a ball. In the end shove a ball with this. So the first thing we're going to do is chain ten. So you've chain ten. We are going to do three single crochets in the second chain from the hook. Seven single crochets in the next seven chains and three single crochets in the last chain. So starting here we're going to do three. This one going into the same loop. Two in the same loop one more time. Three. Now seven in the next. And then three again in the last. So that's one in the same hook. Two in the same loop. And three. Okay. So now instead of crocheting in our newly crocheted single stitches we are going to crochet in the back loop of our chain. So to do that we're just going to turn our crochet and you'll see the back loop just like this there here. So what you just crocheted is actually on the bottom down here and your chain is up here at the top. And we're just going to crochet a single crochet in all of the loops all the way across. That makes seven. And then we're just going to do a slip stitch in this single crochet right here to be the first crochet that you do. Oh, that's it. Slip stitch. Now that we're done with that we are going to chain one and do three single crochets in the next chain. One, two, three. Now we're going to crochet in the next nine. And now we are going to do three single crochets in the next loop. Now single crochet all the way across until you get to the beginning. And if you don't know where the beginning is you can just guesstimate and then put a pin where that loop is so that the next time you do know where the beginning is. So just put a safety pin through the loop and you'll know the next time you come up. When you get to the end do a slip knot and not a single crochet. And if you don't know what a slip knot is it's just you put your crochet hook through and you take the loop and go through once, not twice. Alright, so now we are going to chain one and do two single crochets in the next chain. After that we are going to do a single crochet in the next chain. Then two in the next single crochet in the next. And double in the next. Now crochet seven across. Now that we have our seven we are going to do two single crochets in the next chain. And then just one in the next single crochet. Two in the next. One and then two again. Now just crochet all the way around so you get back to the beginning. Once you've crocheted the rest of the way just join with this slip stitch. And now we are going to crochet in just the back loops all the way around your oval. Now just go in the back and single crochet. Once you've done around just join with the slip stitch and then crochet in every crochet around 11 times. So you're going to go around your whole oval 11 times, 11 rows worth, crocheting in every loop.