 I was going to talk to you about gutter extensions, gutter drain lines. Much like a sump pump drain line, the gutters need to be extended away from the home so that you can get all the roof water runoff collected and get it diverted away from the home. So here's your tip. You're going to go underground, that pipe is going to go underground and it come out this way. Now, this is the key is this type of pipe. You can buy pipe from a home supply store local, but it's rigid and it's also rigid on the inside. That pipe does not work very well. It's very thin. It collects a bunch of junk into ridges. This is called an N12 type of pipe. It's basically culvert pipe and super strong. You're not going to crush it. You can see where I'm getting ready to finish this off, but this pipe comes out and actually this is going to go down a little further so it's smooth. We can just mow over it. But you can see where it leaves and everything else coming in here. So at the time of time you're going to have to clean that out. Now this is a two foot by two foot hole, three foot deep. I'm sorry, it's a little smaller than that. But water comes out, of course it rushes out when it's heavy rains and drains out like it normally would. But in the winter time when it's cold out, that's when these gutters going underground do not work because the water has to come out of the ground somewhere. It cannot come out of the ground. You've got ten inches of snow and ice and it's been that way for a week. They don't work. The water starts backing up. So with this system, you install this down to where you have drain holes, drill holes in the bottom for the drain. It goes through the rock, gets into the earth, and the earth absorbs it off it goes, and it does it all year long. This dark colored rock like this actually the sun comes out, hits this and absorbs the heat and keeps this solid out all year long. So it does work well. Now you'll see some times where builders and a lot of people, landscapers, they use these pipes and then they go to a little elbow with a green pop up. So the water comes from the roof, comes out and pops up above the ground. Those are probably the worst thing you can do because how are they going to pop up? They cannot pop up. The ground is frozen, solid, and all those leaves and stuff get collected up in there. You can't get them cleaned out. So it just doesn't work very well. This is why this system does work well. It works all year long and this is what we see is one of the number one problems when people don't properly extend their gutters. It's the number one cause of foundation failure around the homes in the kids in here.