 Hey guys it's Liv welcome back to my channel. Today we are making vegan ice cream that does not require an ice cream machine. So I first made a vegan ice cream video about almost exactly two years ago. So this video will be following the same method as that video. Since that video has been posted and has gained a lot of views there have been an overwhelming amount of kind of frequently asked questions. So in this video I am going to address the most common questions that you guys have asked and that I foresee you asking in this video as well. We'll get to the ice cream soon. I promise but just hear me out for this little announcement because it's really really exciting. So I have been keeping a secret since December like since the beginning of 2018 and I've been bursting to tell you guys so the secret is that I have been writing a cookbook and it is like a holding in your hands physical copy like printed on paper real tangible cookbook and I'm not really allowed to share too much information with you guys right now but I can share kind of some basic things that I know you will be wondering. So it is set to release in spring 2019 so it's a little ways away. For now for sure it will be available in Canada the US UK and Australia but it will also be available online. So if you guys want to be updated on all of the cookbook stuff just make sure that you are following me here and on my Instagram so that you can be the first to know all of the information of when it's going to be available for pre-order and when it'll be on sale and all of that. But for now I think we are going to get into the ice cream recipes so that is everything I have to say for now let's get into it. So this method like I said in the first ice cream video that I made was actually created by Gemma from Bigger Bolder Baking so I am not taking credit for this this is her recipe but I really wanted to be able to show you guys how to do it and how I do it and kind of like the results I get when I make this recipe. So the first thing you want to do is empty a can of coconut milk into a pot and add the sugar and the quantities are all listed below as usual and then you want to bring that to a simmer and leave it for about 30 minutes simmering on a medium to low heat and you want it to thicken and it's going to look a little bit clumpy when it's done and then just put it into a container put that in the fridge let it get really cold overnight and then the next day you can make your ice cream. So to make the ice cream you are going to empty some coconut cream that has been refrigerated into a stand mixer and that is one of the most commonly asked questions that I got in the last video was just about people not really being able to get their coconut milk to solidify into that cream and all I can say is that you really have to try different brands and see which ones work the best what you are just going to do here is whip it up with a hand mixer or a stand mixer until it's like a coconut whipped cream consistency. So then you're going to add your sweetened condensed milk that we made the day before and whip that up again you'll notice that it starts out pretty runny but then it thickens into a really nice big fluffy whipped consistency. I don't really know how to describe it you just have to kind of whip it until it gets there and you'll know because it will grow in size and it will kind of like leave tracks where the mixer is so you'll be able to see that it's stiff enough when it starts doing that and this is the point when you can have fun with your flavors. So the first flavor that we're making in this video is chocolate ice cream with cookie dough. So the first thing we're doing is just whipping up the cookie so you want to add a couple tablespoons of brown sugar and a tablespoon of vegan butter into a bowl you could also use a nut butter or coconut oil for this if you don't have vegan butter and then you can add in your plant-based milk and vanilla and stir that all up like I said before the quantities are all listed in the description box below and then you just want to start adding in a few tablespoons of flour and mixing it until you get a nice stiff cookie dough consistency. And then I just added in some little mini dairy-free chocolate chips and we are ready to make the ice cream. So I separated my ice cream base into two bowls. So for this one I added in some vanilla extract and the vanilla extract normally will have alcohol in it and it actually helps to keep your ice cream from crystallizing. I learned that in jama's video and I thought that was a super cool tip so make sure to add some vanilla extract and then I also added in a good tablespoon of cocoa powder and stirred that up until it was all combined. Then I just rolled little balls of cookie dough and plunked them in and then just put that into a glass or plastic container that has a lid and put that in the freezer for about four to six hours or you can leave it overnight. And then when I'm ready to serve it I just run my ice cream scoop under some hot water so that it comes out a bit easier and that is the first flavor. For the mint chip I added in some peppermint extract and I just did a couple drizzles of this and then tasted it as I went. I don't exactly know how much peppermint I used and it will be different whether or not you're doing a whole batch of mint or just a little bit and then I also added in a drop of green food coloring you can use obviously a more natural way if you like and then I also added in some shaved dark chocolate as well as the mini dairy free chocolate chips and it turned out really really good so yeah I really like the chocolate shavings and then again I just put that in a container and put the lid on it and put it in the freezer overnight. I had to let it thaw for about five to ten minutes before scooping it because it got a little bit hard so yeah I left it for a few minutes and then I just used a hot ice cream scoop and it came out perfectly. Okay so I really hope you guys enjoyed this video. I thought right now I would do just a little life update thing because there have been a few things that have happened to me recently that since I feel like we're kind of like besties that I thought I would tell you guys. So the first thing is this past weekend on Saturday I ended up in the hospital because I for those of you who don't know I have a severe peanut allergy and I was at a coffee shop and I ate a cookie that I was told contained no peanuts but it did in fact contain peanut butter. So that was a super not fun way to spend my Saturday night and my Sunday but um but I am okay now obviously since I'm filming this video um but yeah it was like a pretty intense and scary experience. I know there are a lot of people who have severe allergies and I just want to let you know that this is a very scary thing to have your body react to seemingly very normal foods in such an intense way like having your body like try and close your throat up when you eat a food that like millions of other people in the world eat every single day is just such a weird thing and so for all my people who have like net allergies or food allergies in general I feel your pain it is honestly a struggle especially eating out so yeah um that was that the next thing is less scary and definitely more exciting I got a tattoo and it is my first tattoo that I've ever had. I'm gonna follow you all to show you very easily. It says create. For me it just has a lot of meaning because creating is basically like what I do for a living um for those you don't know youtube is my full-time job youtube and instagram and my blog and now being a cookbook author so the word create is just very near and dear to my heart but also in just a more spiritual sense the word create to me um something that I say all the time to myself and my friends is that like you create your own reality and your thoughts create your own reality and just having that always being on my mind it was just kind of nice to like have it in a word on my body as well I don't know that makes sense I decided that I'm going to create another round of merch and it's going to be in the style of my tattoo so I'm going to be doing hoodies and they are going to say create on them in the same kind of like font and style as my tattoo so if you guys really like the message of my tattoo but you don't want to get it permanently inked on your body then you'll be able to buy a hoodie with create on it so that merch will be coming that is kind of like in production and in the works right now but I wanted to give you guys a heads up about it I also feel like I haven't taken a breath this entire time so I'm just going to do that so thank you guys so much for watching I love you so so much and like I said I will be updating you as time goes on with more stuff with the book so stay tuned for that but I hope you are all having an amazing day and I will see you in my next video bye