 Okay, first thing ladies, we're going to rip our fabric and we are going to lay down our pattern measuring our green line like always. And then we're going to lay the fabric right sides together. We're going to pin the neck line with a pin of about every two inches and also the hem line is going to be getting the sun away. So the only things that will receive pins at this point are the neck line which includes the shoulder seams in this particular dress and the hem line. As you can see I have both the front and the back done with the neck line on both and the hem line done on both. Now we're going to sew what we have pinned down only. Leaving the side seams. Lay down, lay down my neck line down on the sewing machine. I have checked my patterns, make sure what my seam allowance is and it's a half an inch and I'm putting that right on the half an inch mark. You can see my thumb now. I'm also going to be sewing in a gray so the camera can see the thread. You would sew in a color that obviously matches your fabric and again I'm sewing with my right sides together. Sewing on the wrong side of the fabric. So I'm going to get one, two, three. I'm going to get back. I'm going to sew this armhole. When I get to a corner I roll the needle down, turn it, sew it on that work. I'm going to sew it on down. Armhole the shoulder seam and the neck line all the way across here. Roll down, turn, sew the other seam, needle down, turn, doing the other armhole. Okay, then down back stitching. Okay, the next step is the hem. We're going to do the exact same thing on the hem. I'm going to take just the hem dress. I'm leaving the side seam weapon and I'm going to get straight across. I'm going to get straight across. I'm going to get straight across. I'm going to get straight across. Okay, now this comes out as you can see. I now have the neck line sewn, the armhole sewn up and the hem line. My side seams are completely free. I'm going to do the exact same thing on the back. This is the front of the dress. Okay, trim this out about a fourth of an inch all the way around the armhole, up the shoulder seam and the neckhole all the way around. Cutting it in the angle on the corners. Here's my shoulder seam. Here's my other shoulder seam. This looks like I'm not in a step but you don't want to skip it because it's really what makes the garment look nice and end. Okay, I am not going to worry about my hem line at all. But what I am going to do is now take this piece and turn it inside out or right side out. I'm going to leave one piece inside out. You can see what we've got here. It looks like a little dress already. I've got a pin right there if I need it. First I'm going to stick my fingers up and turn this the best I can with just my fingers. And then I'm going to take the pin and pull. And I'm just grabbing the fabric to find the corner. Oh, there we go. And pulling that fabric out. And then I'm going to get that fabric out and get a nice clean pant. This way, there we go. That one's beautiful. Nice clean points. And that one. So we're going to do the other side. We're going to have as much as you can by hand. All right, you can see I have a little dress or a little back with a dress, so to speak. This point makes sure I your pins are out because we're going to need to sew this together. And you can see on the hand when I iron that flat, how pretty that's going to look. And this is going to be one huge effort. And the next thing I'm going to do is take this one that is inside out. And I'm going to leave it inside out. I'm not going to turn it at this point. I'm going to take the one that is right side out. And I am literally going to stick it inside. Now see how I've got the sides to open so I can put my whole hand through. And that's true on both pieces. I'm going to stick the right side out one inside the inside out one. And I'm going to do that where the quarter Royce in this particular piece, the pink quarter Roy, are touching. See that? And I'm going to place a pin. I'm going to do the same thing at the hem because that was going to armhole. I want the quarter Royce touching. Now I'm going to place a pin every two inches like we've done in the past. And the fabrics, the light fabrics, are right sides touching together. You see quarter Royce, quarter Royce. Quarter Royce, quarter Royce. Okay? So I have a whole circle there, like a pillowcase, that you're hanging to get in and out of. I'm going to flip it over and do the exact same thing on the other side. Pin the quarter Royce, point to the quarter Royce point. Peer at the onhole, pin the pin in there. And then I'm going to pin this in a circle. Once in one, quarter Royce, quarter Royce. And again, pins are about two inches apart. Two inches there, two inches there. As you can see now, I have pin the front to the back, right sides together, and I've made an arm that my hole that my arm can fit in. So now what we're going to do is we're going to sew this entire side up. And then we're going to sew this side up, but we're going to leave a two-inch hole to turn it, like we've done in pillowcases and things in the past. We need a hole to turn this dress inside out as well. So we're going to leave a little hole open. And it doesn't matter which side you choose to do that on. It's totally up to you.