 Hi and welcome to episode number 385 with WattsFordchow.com. Some time ago we launched the first of our KFC series and have been overwhelmed at the response. One of the main questions that arose from this was where to buy a salpita. This updated version of the recipe uses Prague powder to replace the salpita, the salt and the bar carbonate of soda. Prague powder or pink curing salt is available worldwide from butchery suppliers and you may even find it directly from your butcher that process is cured meat and sausages. Prague powder is not to be confused with insecure, which is a totally different formulation and cannot be substituted. Before continuing, if you have not viewed the original video, please do so now as it contains all of the introductory information about the process. I'm not going to go through every ingredient in the video, you can go directly to the printable recipe by clicking the on-screen link at the end of this video. To make up the curing brine, place all of the brine spices, excluding the Prague powder into a large pot. Add half of the secret herb and spice blend to the pot as well, then pour in three litres of water. Bring this to a boil, lower the heat and allow this to simmer for 10 minutes. Quick chill the brine by floating it in a sink of cold water. Changing the sink water every few minutes will speed this up as well. While the brine cools, use a carving fork or skewer to punch holes through the skin of the chicken pieces. This enables the curing brine to penetrate the chicken more efficiently. Place the chicken pieces in a large non-reactive food-save container. Remove the cooled brine from the sink and add the Prague powder. Stir this thoroughly until tightly dissolved. Pour the brine over the chicken pieces and pop a couple of side plates on top of this to keep them submerged. Put the lid on the container, transfer it to your refrigerator and allow the chicken to cure for a full 24 hours. Place the all-purpose flour in a large bowl and add the remaining half of the secret herbs and spices. Mix this until combined, then cover the bowl with cling wrap. The following day, remove the chicken from the brine and pat it dry with a clean kitchen towel. Before coating the chicken, sprinkle a layer of the seasoned flour over a large platter. This is where the coated chicken will sit, and the layer of flour prevents the coating from sticking to the platter. Working with one piece of chicken at a time, dredge the chicken in the seasoned flour to coat all over. Put the chicken in the egg to wet all of the flour. Return the chicken to the flour, making sure to get a good solid coating all over. Transfer the coated chicken to the platter to set, then continue with the remaining pieces. Allow the coated chicken to set for 20 minutes. Off for a large pan with oil and heat this to 160 Celsius or 320 Fahrenheit. Carefully drop the chicken into the oil and fry for a full 20 minutes, turning halfway through. If you have chicken wings amongst your pieces, half the frying time for these. Leave the chicken from the oil and drain any excess oil on kitchen paper. The chicken does benefit from standing for a while before serving, 5 to 10 minutes is ideal. And there it is, golden, crispy and aromatic, KFC deep fried chicken. Thanks for joining us today, please subscribe to our channel, and we'll see you again tomorrow.