 To set up a Word document for an essay in APA style, just follow these steps. First you want to make sure that your document is set to Times New Roman 12.Font. You can do that by clicking on this expansion arrow here in the font box. And then you want to select Times New Roman. You can either start typing in here or you can scroll down to find it but there's Times New Roman. You want to click on regular because we're not going to use Talix or Bold as our standard font. And then you're going to click on the 12 for the size. And then you can set it as the default if you like so the dial of your Word documents are created this way. The next thing you want to do is set up your document for double spacing. So click here on the spacing icon. Select 2.0. Click on it again and make sure to click here. Remove space after paragraph. If you don't Word will add some extra space that is not appropriate for an APA document. So now that you've got that set up, you can begin typing your document. This is an example that I've set up for you. It is a title page. So you can see that I've entered the full title of my submission, my name, and the university's name. They're centered on the page located about here. You can see the 2 over here on this left ruler. You put it about in there. To add your header, go to Insert, Hatter. And then you want to choose blank. Here you're going to select if it's not already checked, different first page. And here we'll type in running hat with a colon. And then in all tabs you would type in whatever your short and title is of your paper. Click the tab key either once or twice, whatever you need to get over here to the right margin. And then click on this page number down arrow. You're going to locate the page number in the current position. And we're going to use a plain number. So there's our header for the first page. And I can scroll down or create a new page if you don't have a type already. And this is your body of the essay. You repeat the title here. You'll notice that it's not in solid cabs. It's not in bold font. Nothing fancy. Everything is in times New Roman. To set up the header for the second and subsequent pages, just go to the top of the page above where your text is and double click. That will open up the header box. And here we just type in the short and title. Don't type in the words running hat before it. Just type in that short and title in solid caps. Press tab twice if you once or twice to get over to the right hand margin. And again, we're going to insert a page number in the current position. And we're going to use a plain number. When you're done, just double click anywhere in the body of your essay. And that will close out the header box. So then you can continue to type your essay. And when you're done, you create a new page for your references. You can see that the header that I just created carried down onto this third page. Type the word references with the initial cap only. And then insert it at the top of this page and then go ahead and type in your references. If you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask your instructor so that he or she can help you.