 Hello viewers welcome. If you are new on this channel so please take a moment to subscribe our channel and press the bell icon button so you get all notification of our latest videos. In this video you will learn to make fried chicken easily at home with this KFC chicken recipe. Chicken easily may crispy fried chicken by following the instructions of video. There are lots of different types of fried chicken recipes. Like buttermilk fried chicken, chicken fried steak, Korean fried chicken etc. Here is the simple quick and fast way to prepare fried chicken. KFC may have some crazy ingredients and we are using that in our fried chicken recipe. Ingredients. Well to fry. Fried chicken pieces with skin as you need. 3 to 4 tbsp milk. 4 cups all-purpose flour. 2 tbsp lemon juice. 4 eggs. 4 crushed oats. 4 tbsp bread crumbs. 1 tsp salt. 1 tsp pepper powder. 3 to 4 tsp onion powder. 4 tsp garlic powder. 1 half tsp pepper powder. 1 tsp red chili powder. Salt to taste to marinate. Instructions. Clean the chicken pieces and dry out chicken pieces and set aside. To marinate in a bowl add 2 tbsp lemon juice. 1 tsp red chili powder. 1 tsp salt. 1 tsp pepper powder mix them well. Take a piece of chicken and dip it into the batter to the marinade purine rotate to coat. Set the coated chicken aside to let it marinate for 1 to 2 hours. Mix the bread crumbs, crushed oats, garlic powder, onion powder, pepper powder, plain flour, red chili powder and some salt to taste. Then take a piece of chicken to coat dip it to the flour mixture. After this dip it in the whisked eggs paste then again coat the chicken piece into the flour mixture. Then set the coated chicken aside. Do this procedure again for all chicken pieces till they're well coated. Heat the oil in a large skillet about 350 degrees Fahrenheit per 175 degrees Celsius until it shimmers but doesn't smoke. Carefully place the chicken pieces skin side down into the skillet and fry at low flame until it turns golden brown. Rotate the pieces very softly each few minutes and fry to crispy. Now key if see chicken is ready. Serve it with tomato ketchup sauce and enjoy. Now that you have learned how to make KFC crispy fried chicken at home. I hope you find this video helpful if you as then please hit the like button below and share it with your friends. Make sure you subscribe us because we post daily DIY related video every single day. If you have a request for a video, so please be sure to leave it in the comment section below. Thank you for watching. Take care bye bye.