 This bathroom basin is constantly getting blocked, the water in it is very slow moving. You can fill the sink up to the overflow level, it will take about 20 minutes after that work to actually drain without the plug in. I have tried plugging in that that didn't work so I'm not going to try some boiling up water. This water is very hot so you have to be careful when you're doing this. I'm going to pour this directly down the plug-all. In some cases that will remove the blockage. As you can see it's not done a great deal though, the water is still moving very slowly indeed. Like I said I have already tried plunging this that didn't work. So I've tried the boiling up water the next thing we're going to try is the guaranteed every duty drain or no made by instant power. Now I'm going to go into this down the drain. You will notice that I'm wearing some every duty protective gloves. I've also got some goggles on. It's highly important that you follow the instructions whenever you use anything like this. All the water that I've poured down there is actually drained out so I can actually see straight down the drain. If your drain is completely blocked it's not going to be using something like this because it will not get to the blockage. You need to ensure that at least all the water is drained away before you go up and something like this down if you're just wasting your money. Now I need to see roughly half of this into the drain and that should start to unblock it. When you do this make sure that you're not over the drain when you pour in it. Just in case it does splash up. Now I'm going to put the lid back on this securely and keep it well out of the way of any children because this is highly poisonous. I'm going to cover that up just in case it does start erupting or splashes up. I'm not going to leave that for as long as possible. This is now been left overnight. You can see that I've got the safety gloves on again. I've also got the goggles on. I'm not going to remove the plastic cover and I'm going to run some hot water down the sink and see if that will move. You can see immediately that the water is not actually backing up like it has been doing when it's actually now. We're in pretty much the same position as we were last time. The water is still draining slowly. Although the actual chemical that we did put down there did help. It is still draining slowly. Now we're going to use the power plumber. If you've never used this product before, it is very good. You simply fill the sink up with water until it goes over there. You need about 10 centimetres of water. Once it's full, you then blood be overflow and then you plunge down on this and that will squirt some eye pressure down the actual drain. It'll push the water down and off like clear it. When you're having to open the tap, then fill the sink with some water. I'm going to get that solid days over the plumber all and then I'm going to press down on it very quickly. You'll notice that I am still wearing the gloves and the safety glasses just in case any chemicals that were previously put down there actually splashed out. So I will now give that a try. You can see that the water is now draining from that sink a lot faster than what it has been doing. The drain is now unblucked on this sink. The everyday drain up there did work in a kind of way. It did actually make the water move a lot quicker than what it was doing but there was still some kind of restriction though. The power plumber worked extremely well. I have to say that this product does work extremely well but it's not cheap, it's about £15 for that container but it should do £15, £1 second birth. So you should be able to use it 15 times or if you're working out that way it is pretty cheaper than £1 second. I do have a blustin block like this and I did try this first but it is incredibly difficult you need three hands because you need to hold that firmly over the plumber and then you need to activate the plumber with your other hand but you also need to hold you and over the actual overflow. So that makes it incredibly difficult and the oil saw that tap is in the way so you can't actually get that on the correct way so it doesn't work all that well.