 What's going on is Anton from AntonDangles.com. The sun is shining on me today, ain't it? For me, it's the perfect time of the day because sun is just setting, it's going down. The weather is phenomenal, it's beautiful. Sometimes I come out to the park, you know, I just think and meditate. I don't always pray when I'm in the house. Sometimes I pray out in the public, out in the park. Sometimes I just walk around and talk to God and kick it. As I said in another video for some of the other methods that I do in order to gain clarity. When I'm by myself, I'm able to clear my thoughts. I'm able to think about some of the things that I need to do in order to move to the next level. One of the things that I thought about just today was the clarity that I gained and the importance in being by yourself. So I know a lot of times and a lot of the things that we read, we always read that can't always be, you know, me, myself, and I, and I, there's no I and team and stuff like that. But sometimes you have to go into that space to where you're focused on just you because you can't help anybody if you can't help yourself. If you're always in a position to where you have to glean off of somebody else or you always take and take and take and you never have anything to give because you've never put any time any yourself. If you're always 100% dependent on somebody else to make you happy and you can't find happiness in anything that you do with regard to yourself like you're not happy with yourself, then that's an issue. I'm under the impression that sometimes you have to clear out everybody else and stop focusing on everybody else all the time so that you can focus on getting yourself together. I can't always give advice or I can't always help everybody else if my state of mind or what it is that I'm doing every day is so clouded because I've never had any time to clear. I've never had any time to focus on me. That's why I'm meditating the morning. That's why I go out in different places throughout the afternoon whenever I can get an afternoon free and I take care of me, I nurture me, I fix me, I rest me. And for some people that's bothersome because I know that there are some people that don't believe in the idea that you should ever focus on yourself. The saying for some of my culture is self is public enemy number one but I'm not talking about self in the sense of I'm just completely selfish or I don't care about anybody else. The only thing that matters is what I want. I don't know anybody that don't take time to focus on what it is that they need, what it is that they want and just really speak from their own heart. If you don't know what you want or you don't have any clarity in your own life, how can you be happy with other people? How can you be happy in other situations? I know people that depend on other people for their happiness. And if those other people don't meet certain expectations that they have for them, they're just the right. They're an emotional wreck. And lately I've been really evaluating relationships. You know, the people that I have around me, I've been doing a lot of self-checking and what I've realized is, you know, I really have to make sure that I'm good and that I'm in a good space for my daughter, a good space for my wife, that I'm in a good space for you. You know, I'm no good to you guys. If I'm just going, going, going, and I never take time and stop and say, and what is it that you need? I'm no good to anybody. And neither are you, you know, take some time for yourself. I don't know if you need to go on a vacation. I don't know if you go out to eat by yourself but what I am saying is be focused. Be healthy, be happy. Date two. I'm in relationships a lot of times. I see that people take no time to get to know themselves so they don't even know what they want. Ask somebody, ask them. If you get into a relationship, ask them, what it is that they want. What makes you happy? What satisfies you? What makes you awesome? We need each other, but we need each other in order to enhance what it is that we already have or what we're already doing. We don't need each other in order to be happy. We should already be happy with ourselves, find that clarity within ourselves, find that perspective on your own. And then everybody else is just an enhancer. And that's how you're able to go into any situation and be positive and no matter the circumstance, you know, you always see those people that's jolly and happy and healthy. That's because they're happy with themselves first. It's not because their life is just so phenomenal. I find people from every walk of life, whether you all the way up here financially or all the way down there, is people that have great financial means that kill themselves every day. So let me know what you think. Antondangels.com, visit me on my website. I appreciate everybody that visit me, all that me, meet me on social media. But yeah, take this serious. Take time, clear, get to know yourself, find out what makes you happy, find clarity, find perspective, and you'll be 10 times happier with everything else that's going on around you. All right, I'll see you later. Peace.