 Right, now I'm going to show you how to make puff pastry. So I'll flour in here, put our water, our salt and a tablespoon of lemon juice in there. And then mix all this into a nice rough dough. So band everything together. It will feel a bit dry but that's normal. Just don't add any more liquid. Just mix it very well together. Push it in. Push with your hand inside the bowl. Until you've got everything together. Here we go. So got this rough dough in here. We're going to just get a quick need that. So you band everything together. You're really working in. And that dough is going to rest for a good couple of hours after. So you will relax. You'll make easier to add the butter into it. Just like that. Very very simple. Don't add flour to your table. Nothing. Just like this. So you look to be rough but that's absolutely fine. It's normal. Just like so. Okay, and what we're going to do is give it a cut on the top. You know that's... This will allow the dough to rest and to relax into the bowl. I'm putting it back into the bowl. Like so. Then a good hour to two hours later. Your dough has relaxed. If you have a look in here. It's much softer now. And that's perfect now to put our butter. So I'm going to share to do that. So the trick really is to make sure your butter and your dough are the same consistency. If you see near the butter it's quite hard and cold. And the dough is just that stuff. So we need to get this to the same consistency as the dough. So the trick to do this is use a rolling pin to get the butter nice and stuff and pliable. So when the butter is gently... Next up, until your butter, as you see now, is very soft but still very cold. Now we're going to put this butter into our dough. So, I'll skip a bit of flour onto the table. Open up the little ears and roll those little ears out. To form a kind of a cross. And keep moving the dough around. So it doesn't stick to the table. And you can see there's a bit of dough extra on the middle there. This will allow it when you fold over the top there. Compense it for the excess from the top. There. So you've got to cross. Now with all that butter. So I'm turning the butter over the top. Under it. And then we're going to travel the butter inside the dough there. So one folding here. Press the palm of your hand. Next one over the top in here. And press also there. This one now over the top. And press again. Keep moving the dough around. And this one now goes over the top in here. So all your butter now is inside your dough. And what we're going to do now is give it what we call give the pastry a turn. So, let's give it a time of the flour, right? And we're going to roll this pastry about 40 to 50 centimeters long to be able to give it some fold. So the opening of the dough out there for them. So roll that pastry this way down. So you can see the opening in here. Not this way. So very gently to start with. Press to little bit the butter. So it goes into the dough. Keep traveling on the table. That will stop it sticking. Again, you've got a bit of air flowing underneath. That's really now to give it our first turn. So what we're going to do is to give the dough a single book, single turn, which is falling the dough one time there. And this one goes over the top in here. And that's one turn. This will go one turn. If you do a double book, it will be like so. It's quite often nicely. And then this one over the top. That's a double book. And that's going to rest now for a good half an hour sequence on our inner fridge before we do the next two turn. You