 Good morning friends you are watching the joy of teres gardening. Today friends I'm going to tell you all the how to plant a jarbera plant in a pot. So these are the jarbera plant you could see. So these are the plants which I brought from the market last year but I have much that this plant does not have a right group we should they must should have it. So these are the plants I think they have not growth well. So I'm going to report this plant in a bigger pot. So you can see this is the pot this is the size of the pot. So I'm going to plant this in a bigger pot these two plants as teres are needs a very huge soil to grow and well-renished system. So for this I made a I have to make a mixture of this you can see this is a garden soil this is a garden soil and this is the coca-peat or you can take any other pit like like which is found from the rice cover and this is this is the warm recomposed manure. So I'm going to mix this three and take little of coarse soil sand so that drainage system stay good. So before mixing this I have to you can see this is the top and there is a hole in the bottom so that for the well-renished. So here I'm going to keep a piece of stone or tides you can keep it so that it doesn't cover with the mud and get blocked. So so this is the mixture mix it nicely we have coca-peat, warm recomposed 1.5 handful of warm compost. It is sufficient now and the sand which I have kept gives a little sand for it's good drainage and mix it nicely. So I mixed it. Now give it to the top to be get top. Feel it with half of the mud the mixture. And take the plant which you want to report as it is not going well in my small pot so I'm going to plant it in a bigger pot. So before planting if you find any dead lips in the plant you must remove it. So I'm removing it with the half of the tuners or you can use blade. So let's see I'm removing the dead lips. This is the dead lips remove it from the plants and and I'm going to report it. You see if there is any dead lips. Now remove it. So I'm moving with the help of this and this plant does not need a lot sunlight. Where there is a steady it you keep it in a steady place where the sunlight does not get directly. So in summer you have to keep it away from sunlight on the but in winter it's okay you can keep it in a direction like this. See these are the roots place it in the top. Okay we're flitting more mud. Now place it in a top. And use this mud to cover this plant. That it once well done is water system. So you can see my reporting of Zarbara plant is complete. Keep it in a sunlight only in the winter but during summer season keep it away from sun. If you place it in a direction like the lips may burn and the plant may also get spoiled. So these I have reported hope you have liked my video and before after that give a little much of vermicompost from the side of it. So see my reporting of Zarbara plant is complete and I'm going to water it. Water this plant nicely for the first time. Then in winter does not need so much of water. See it is complete now. And like this you can do the rest of the pot if you have I have one more pot and I'm going to do it in the same process. So use the same process and keep it in the mind that don't keep in a summer direct sunlight. In summer you keep it in the shade and in winter you can keep it in a direction like that. And see if the lips are dead please remove the lips for its well growth. And this plant also you can also plant it from its from a sapling it will occur from the root side. In this portion you can see when the plant become height. You can also use sapling from its mother plant. So this way you can increase your plant. It is very beautiful plant. My when is the red color it is also in the beautiful beautiful color yellow, blueish, etc. There are many other colors. So this is the season. It will bloom now only in the winter. So I'm reporting it. Let's see the beautiful flowers now. It's it's complete now. Hope you have liked my video. If you have not subscribed my video at all please subscribe my video and give it a like. So thank you for watching the joy of teres cardin.