 Hi, I'm Dee. In this video, I want to share with you guys what I would be doing for week eight of my weight loss journey I promise these next 10 days will be the best 10 days that I have to share with you guys because I am dedicated to starting the Grease movie cleanse. I will be still drinking my apple cider mix. This is one of the main ingredients to my weight loss drink that I have tried and I got the recipe here on YouTube and I will share her channel down in the description far below. Just in case you didn't watch my last video, I just want you guys to know that drinking apple cider vinegar on a daily basis can weaken your teeth and amel. I just want you guys to know make sure if you drink an apple cider vinegar, weight loss drink or just drink apple cider vinegar by itself with some water. Please make sure that you drink it with a straw because I felt that my front bottom tooth was getting very weak from drinking this every morning for the past seven weeks because I took a week off when I went to the store today to pick up my ingredients to start the green smoothie cleanse. I did pick up these apple cider vinegar pills. These apple cider vinegar capsules here is 600 milligrams of apple cider vinegar. Two capsules is the certain size and they do give you the option of taking it twice a day. If you take two capsules once a day, this is a month supply. If you take two capsules twice a day, this will only be a 15 day supply. These capsules was 799 at my local Meyer. This is the only brand that my local Meyer had. So I didn't have the opportunity to compare this brand with any other brand in the store. Please comment down in the comments section below what is your dose of your apple cider vinegar and what brand have you saw the best results with. If you guys try these out and you have any reaction it tells you to stop it immediately. If you are pregnant, breastfeeding or on any other type of medications, please make sure that you check with your doctor prior to starting this medication. I plan on drinking the mix every morning and taking these two capsules at lunch time. I do intermittent fast so it will be my, this thing will be one. This is 1249 right now and I haven't ate anything at all. I drug my apple cider vinegar prior to the going out to the grocery store. I have done this cleanse in the past. I feel if I record my journey on a daily basis, I am more likely to stick with it. I need to have the accountability to be able to see the progress and to get the maximum effect of the 10 day green smoothie cleanse. I am going to do the complete cleanse. Right now I want to start from it. It started with day one of the green smoothie cleanse. I have my two cups of water. She do recommend that you use acyline or purified water and some people that's watching this video don't have the means to get either one of them so we don't use what we have in our home. Here's the green one here. I am using a Vitamix blender and let's blend. Two tablespoons of this flex seed is 80 calories here. So now just add the fruit. And the reason why I'm not adding the protein is because I don't think I am going to the gym. If I do go to the gym, then I can always drink that by itself. Cover this one up. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to place this in the freezer. Here's day one smoothie mix complete. All right. I just want you guys to see the time. You see it? 247 May first. So I just want you guys to see that we are just not eating. Do not use a straw. You experience major bloating. If you don't have a book, I think you can find everything online. I did finish the second one. I won't be able to get the third one here. It's already 947. I still have this water to get down. I got the water to go with this. I still got the detox drink I'll get it through and I need to get it. I'm not going to be up that late. I'm trying to get all this stuff in. If I try to get it all in, I'm going to be up all night using the bathroom. I would say that I'm shy to see how many cups is in here. So this is almost two cups of water. That's missing that I'm lacking to get in. Persona 8 and I'm okay with that. I can drink anymore. So I didn't get a gallon in but it's close to it. It was two cups shy of achieving that gallon goal. I'm making sure that it's level and in the water it goes. Like I said, I think it is all better when it's in warm water. A goal is to be under 160 pounds in the month of May. So I'm very excited. 10 day green smoothie clay so you can lose up to 15 pounds. I know after completing these plans, I will be under 160 pounds. When I hit that under 160 pounds, then I will be I will be 10 pounds away from what I want to be first in my goal range. I will be happy if I'm anywhere between 149 and 145. I just have to be under 150. I haven't seen that in years. I'm motivated. I see how close in my closet that I can fit. I don't want to get no smaller than that. I need to make sure I go to the gym. So what what happened is I think I need to do a workout tonight. Will it happen? I'm not sure. I need at least need to work out three times this week. So let's try to get this detox teed out. This is not the best tasting drink but it's not the worst. And I don't like to add sweeteners to things. I add no sweeteners at all. I did it. I don't know why I punished myself because I think when you use the powder, you punish yourself versus capsules. You just swallow it and go. But if it's pasted, grow. This isn't nasty. I did it. Good night guys. See you on day two.