 Hi everybody, this is Angela, creator of P.I.L. and I thought I would introduce our newest member. This is Teddy, a little black pug. He is not so happy about me on camera. He'd rather be down chewing on something or peeing on something. But I just thought I would let everybody see our new guy and now let him go chew on something. Okay, the purpose of this video today is to discuss something that's really been kind of bothering me a lot and that's the quality and the price of decommage that is coming out into the retail stores. I know everybody's excited because a lot of people don't want to order online, which I get, I understand shipping can be ridiculous. But I think you need to know what you're getting and what you're paying to get that. Some of my members on my Facebook group have mentioned that their Michaels have been charging $20 to $25 a roll for decommage, which Michaels, that's outrageous, you should be ashamed of yourself. My Michaels doesn't have any, so I haven't seen it, but I've heard about it. So, Hobby Lobby is still charging $10, which honestly is still actually a little high compared to what I can get my mesh for. I have a local resource. I admit, but the highest I pay for a roll of mesh and it's premium ultra premium mesh is $12.50. So I just want to tell you what you're getting for your money and that maybe you should rethink ordering online every now and then places will have free shipping. If you find that deal, you should really stock up on some really higher quality mesh. But in a pinch, I understand if you need to go to Hobby Lobby or Michaels and get the regular mesh, I just wouldn't, unless I was really desperate, I would never pay $20 a roll for decommage. Or $25, I'm sorry, Michaels, you're robbing people. So let's get started. I'm going to show you the brushes. Let's talk about the first mesh, the first very, very ultra basic mesh. I just picked this up at Hobby Lobby in their Valentine's aisle. It's supposed to be purple, but if you look closely, it's kind of purple and pink threads. Sorry, and it's hard to capture on camera. It's $10 a roll. Of course, I use my coupon, my 40% off coupon bit. I still think it's kind of robbery. This is for $6.00, so this is ultra cheap. So I don't even know, actually now that I'm looking at it. It doesn't even say how much is on this. Sorry, I don't even know if I'm getting 10 yards or not. I hope I am. But the weave is really wide. There is no metallic whatsoever in this. I'll be interested to see how this looks on a work garland. So that's the ridiculously ultra basic decommage. Okay? Then here's some other decommage that you can get at Hobby Lobby. If you're going to buy it, Hobby Lobby, I would go with this. As you can see, this has some metallic in it, and the weave is tighter. So this is better quality, better value for your money. This one says 21 inches by 10 yards. So you know, you're getting on this. And this is in the party, party aisle, the birthday aisle. My big problem with Hobby Lobby is if you frequent Hobby Lobby, you know, they don't always enforce their sales properly. I have one Hobby Lobby in town that refuses to consider this party ribbon. And my other Hobby Lobby's in town say it is absolutely party ribbon. So when they run party ribbon, 50% off, this decommessious post-trimmed be included. So Hobby Lobby has a problem with consistency in their sales ads. So this is supposed to be party ribbon. They're supposed to be charging it as party ribbon. But don't be surprised if your Hobby Lobby will argue that point. Now let's take a look at the premium decommash. It's called decopoly mesh with wide foil. I got this at a local store in town. And again, this is 21 inches by 10 yards. And it was $12.50. But look at all of the metallic that's in that. It's going to be a lot more shiny outside. It's a lot more visually appealing. And again, it was $12.50. So now I'm going to take it out and put it on the work garland so you can see the difference. Okay, let's see if I can get this done now. I can't tell you how many takes I've done for just this one video. Because my house is so loud. I need one of those like buzzers from Hollywood. You know, quite on the set thing. But anyway, I digress. So let's try to get through this. You're just going to deal with a little puglet and his cat collar over there. So, okay. Here is the very basic, basic, basic, ultra-basic decommash. I got it Hobby Lobby on the Valentine's aisle. It's a very see-through. And so, that was $10 a roll. Here's the next step up also at Hobby Lobby. Again, it has, as you can see, a tighter weave and metallic running through it, $10 a roll. And then if you go down here, there is the ultra-deco mesh. It's a tighter weave, lots of metallic, a much fuller decommash. This goes a longer way. I actually have used less of this when making reeds because it's fuller. So, there are the, again, the ultra-basic. So you can't really hardly even see through that one. You can see a little bit through that one. And then this one is like, whoa, there's the wire even. So that's what you're getting for your money. Again, this was $10. $10. $12.50. So, I just wanted to let you know what I think is some poor pricing by the retail stores. I really hope they come down on their prices and after quality a little bit. Or that there's more online stores with good prices and better shipping deals for us all. So, thanks a lot.