 Hi, this is Tony for Cooking Around. Today what we're going to make is we're going to be making french fries the old fashioned way. This is really not what type of potato you choose. Making french fries I like to use the baking potato. But here I found the white potato here in Poland and I'm going to make french fries with this. My side has to be complete so therefore I have to have a potato french fries. So these potatoes have been washed and they have been dried really really well. And what we do is when I'm in french fries I like to leave the skin off. So we start off by cutting in the end. Try to keep all the pieces more or less the same. So we have a nice even coating on the cut. The other piece just turn around to this way. It did more stability and just cut it down and cut. Grab two of the larger pieces together for now and just cut them. And you can see that we have perfect fries here. Perfect, perfect, perfect. Grab these. And even one is a little bit larger, one is a little smaller. Who cares? They don't want to go to the same place. Here is a pot with hot oil and how do we know when it's ready for the french fries? So what we do is we take a french fry and we just put one in both our hands and we see it bubbling. So we know it's ready for french fries. So I like to use this screen for that way. It makes my life a little bit more easier. And we just take french fries that we have done and we just very carefully push them inside. Now I like this handle and you can actually take it and you can just move the french fry around. Very carefully the whole oil is very, very hot. And what we're going to do is we're just going to fry it about halfway because this is a two-part process. And I find by doing it my way the french fries become a little bit more crispy. And I'm back. You can see that the french fries are about half cooked. So now we're going to remove them and then we're going to re-fry them again to get a nice and crispy and golden brown. So what we have now is we now have a bowl which is lined with paper to absorb. And we pick up the handles, shake it up a little bit. That will not burn as long as you hold the handles. And you drop into your bowl. And now you shake your bowl. And now we're going to allow the french fries to dry for about 20 to 30 minutes and then we're going to re-fry them again. Our fries have been dried for about half an hour and they are a little bit more than half cooked. And now we're going to do the second process. We're going to re-fry them again at a higher, higher heat. And this is going to make them really, really crunchy and delicious. So our oil has been heated again and how do we know if it's ready? Just take one french fry. Not your finger. And of course. And just put it in and watch for the bubbles. Now as you can see the bubbles are started to come around the french fry. And we know that it is ready. So it is really, really hot and we're going to keep it on medium high now to crisp the french fries. And we just very carefully, very carefully put it in. Now I didn't remove the screen here because I didn't have a little bit too much french fries. Because I usually use the screen for myself. But since I've taken a little bit more for two people now, I didn't remove the screen. Now you can hear the french fries as I stir it up to see how crispy they are. So let them up like this. You see they're golden browned. They're perfect. Turn off the heat. 2000 bottom and just remove them into the bowl. Be careful. That's a super, super hot. So we'll put the browned with the paper there. And that will take the good stuff. And you hear those french fries making noise? Can you hear them? Look how crunchy they are. Say that's the way I like them. Not with the paper out. And now it's very important. Now what you're going to do is you're going to salt them now. You have to salt them now for their hot. And put them around it. And if you like vinegar, you add vinegar now while it's hot. But you're figuring out the top of the thing there. And just shake not too much because we're going to stir it. Now we wear our plate. And we put our tray on there. And we're going to get some ketchup. And we just put the ketchup on the side like that. Just to make it perfect. And there we have it. Perfect french fries. French fries are absolutely done golden brown. They're crispy. As you can hear them. And like I said in my other videos, the taste test is what's most important. So we put a little bit of there. And we... You hear the crunch? Mmm. It's absolutely perfect. But you know me, I'm not sure. I have to try again. And just listen to that crunch. Mmm. Absolutely perfect. Thank you. And I'll see you again on my next video.