 Panatoni used to be seen as an Italian delicacy, but in the last few years it's flying off the shelves all over the place. And it's a delicious indulgent alternative to the classic Christmas pudding. All I'm going to do is take the end off and then we can take the base off and then the sides like this. Just one cent of me at slices, we don't waste anything. And you can't get anything wrong, there's nothing you can get wrong. Even if you're a little bit tiddly on the old sherry, you could still do this beautifully. The panatoni is going to be used both for the custard soaked filling and to make the outer crust of the tart instead of pastry. To stop the crust sticking, lightly grease a 28 cent of me a loose bottom tart tin. Smash up fine, two tablespoons of Demerara sugar and mix with two more tablespoons of sugar with the granules left whole. What you'll find is some bits will be crunchy, some bits will just kind of lightly caramelise, which is nice. Coat the tin, keeping the excess sugar for later. So, to lining, I'm just going to trim this base here of this brown crust because it's not quite so delicate. I'm going to put this onto the bottom, just like that. And then all I'm going to do is use these little crusts, squeeze them and push them up against the sides like that. If you do it sort of a little bit scruffy and not so perfect, it's still great. So that's our base done. Now time to make the custard. Crack five large, free range eights into a bowl. Add 100 grams of golden caster sugar and whisk for two minutes. Heat 300 milliliters of double cream and 300 milliliters of whole milk with 125 grams of unsalted butter and the husk and seeds of 1 vanilla pod. Leave to simmer on a medium heat for five minutes. Then, whisking constantly, add the hot cream mixture to the eggs and sugar and pour some over the panatoni. Just a third goes in. It will get sucked up straight away. It absorbs very quickly. Then we have the rest of this custard. In actual fact, we've got all of the bits that have fallen off of the wonderful panatoni. Plus, this bit here, break it up, get in there with a spoon. And you can see straight away, it's just like the most gorgeous sludge you can get. So I'm going to put half in and I'm just going to lay that into our mould. And then some undeniably beautiful flavours. We've got really nice quality, 70% chocolate. Give it a spank and then I want about 60 grams. Just little chunks and I'll save half on top and then marmalade. That lovely bittersweet orange and the chocolate, fantastic. So just about 60 grams in and around here. Spooning the rest of the panatonian custard mixture, making sure you've removed the vanilla pod. Then top with more chocolate and marmalade and the leftover demorayra sugar. So there you go. A really easy, delicious dessert ready to be cooked. So 25 minutes at 180 degrees Celsius, which is about 350 degrees Fahrenheit in it goes. And then when it comes out, it's going to look amazing. Just time me a clean down and have a little sherry. Look at that. You've still got a little wobble in the middle, which I like. After leaving it to rest for 10 minutes, it's time to plate up. Here we go. Crispy on the top, spongy in the middle. Gorgeous, it's good hot, it's good cold. It's good for dessert, it's good as an afternoon tea. A little bit of ice cream. Oh yeah. Marmalade and chocolate, such a brilliant combination. That is the chocolate marmalade, panatoni bread and butter put in. A beautiful thing that anyone can do that tastes absolutely delicious. Happy Christmas. Happy Christmas.