 Hey guys, I'm gonna share with y'all how to make chicken tetrazzini. I just call it chicken spaghetti. It's not an Italian dish. I don't know why people think it's Italian. It is not Italian. It's actually, it's very popular here in the South. And I'm gonna show you how to make it. I got this recipe from a friend of mine. I kind of tweaked it up a little bit. So you know everybody has different flavors. You know they like several certain things and certain flavors. So this is my version kind of, but I got this recipe originally from a friend of mine. So what you want to do first is you just have a big stock pot. Fill up with water. I'm gonna put a whole chicken in there and we're gonna add salt, garlic and onions and just let it cook into the chicken. So I'm gonna go right now and wash my chicken and put in the water. Alright so I have my chicken in there. As you can see our chicken in there and we add salt and there's some garlic in there. Let me zoom in. We washed our chicken. You always have to wash your chicken. I have an onion in the garlic. Alright, we just know, cook this up. So the chicken is boiling. It's not done yet. So in the meantime we are going to open up some cans for the sauce that the chicken spaghetti cooks in. It's mostly just all cans though. This recipe is so easy and it makes a lot of food. It's great for like on Sunday at the church. You just put everything in a pot and it cooks. You can cook the chicken in advance or some people even go to the deli and buy a rotisserie chicken and shred it up. But I like to buy the whole chicken because in the same broth where the chicken, we're gonna cook the spaghetti. And the spaghetti will cook in there and it just has this really nice flavor. So let's start over here. It's just cream of chicken. I got two cans of cream of mushroom. One can of tomato soup. And one can of this is the crogr's version of rotel and cream of celery. And I also have another one. I think I'll put it in the fridge. Yeah, I just opened it right now on in a trowel. And you can put kind of whatever you want. You know, you can tweak this up. I'm adding this creamy poblano queso from camels. It didn't taste too bad. I'm gonna add that. If it's soup and oh yeah, I'm gonna need some velvita cheese. I'm gonna put a whole thing in there. So I'm telling you this makes a lot. You can make enough for your whole family for a couple of people. For us the last a couple of days because it's just three of us. Well four of us. And we're gonna add some onions tomato and mushrooms. So let me get that ready and I'm sure you will be next. Okay, so I already opened up all the cans and I put them in this slow cooker. We're gonna leave the all the soup in there to let it, you know, reduce down and we're gonna just let it melt a little bit in there. So I chopped the onion and I'm fixing for putting in with a little bit of butter and also I'm gonna add the mushrooms. I'm gonna top them up a little bit in there. I like to cook this in a little bit of butter because if you add it straight to the soup it has a little, it just doesn't come out the same. You need to cook a little bit in the pan and you'll just put those mushrooms. You just wipe button mushrooms. So I already sauteed the mushrooms and the onions and we're just gonna add it to all our soup mixture. I'm trying to find the other piece of the crock pot. So what is this? The crock pot is the brand. Some people always call it a crock pot. Okay, I added the Vovita cheese. I just cut it in cubes as you can see right there. And I added a little bit of that chicken broth with that chicken is cooking just to get everything, you know, get a heat up and let everything start melting. Okay, anyway I'm just gonna mix this up. Okay, so the chicken is done and I'm gonna shred it all up. You know, that chicken and just shred it. And the reason I told you not to throw away that pasta, I mean that chicken with that chicken was cooking, we're gonna add about two pounds of pasta in there. And you get the whole package and you're gonna have to cut this in half. So just get in just snap the whole thing of pasta and add it in there. So I shredded all the chicken and I added to the sauce mix and I'm just gonna mix it up and then I'll add the spaghetti. I'm drain the spaghetti. Do not wash the spaghetti and do not overcook it. Okay, so just, you know, don't rinse it out. Just drain all the spaghetti and add it straight into the pot. Okay, so as you can see it's just a lot of spaghetti. I mean this will feed a lot of people. So it's good like for little get together, a potluck, at work. I mean you can seriously feed a lot of people and this only costs about no more than 15 bucks to make this much. And you can adjust it, you know, I didn't give you any exact measurements because it varies, you know. If you're gonna make more than this and you're gonna adjust it. You got the basis of the recipe, you can, like I said, make it however you want it and adjust it to yours so you're liking it. Okay, so we're just gonna leave this, I'm just mixing up, I'm gonna leave it in the crack up for about an hour or maybe less because my wife's hungry. I'll probably go ahead and eat a little bit and then still leave it. I mean this is edible right now but if you want it real nice concentrated flavor, leave it in the crack up for about an hour, an hour, two hours. No more than two hours. Okay, so I'm just gonna, I just topped it off with some some cheese and then you can close the lid and then whenever you're ready to serve. And the side dishes that I would recommend to cook with this because I wouldn't just eat a whole plate of this, it's kind of rich. I would make some, just you know, get some corn with a little salt and butter and some green beans on the side, some garlic toast and you're ready to go. All right, so like I said, this is not a healthy meal at all, has a lot, this is semi homemade, not that healthy. So kind of, you know, just, this good flight party is weekend or something like that. All right, I hope you enjoy. Here's the chicken spaghetti, plate it up, let's feel that, it's like really cheesy, creamy, it's really good. I just started with some French dog green beans and some corn. So try, give it a try, I think you'll really, really like it, it's one of those recipes you're always gonna do when you have, you know, quite a bit of people coming over for whatever occasion. Right.