 Okay, I guess I better fix the plant Swiss charred. We just got through. If you haven't tried Swiss charred, you need to get with it. They plant that stuff up north a lot. But that's a mighty good green. Got a lot of good stuff in it. I'm going to show you the strawberry bed, which is right next to it. We planted this last year about two rows of strawberries right here. We hold them on off a lot and then we put hay mulch. We chop the hay mulch up with a lawn mower and put it on here. We kept it pretty clean. The strawberries now have it made runners and come out. This is called the matted row system. This is another way to get your strawberries. So this is the second year. I'll zoom in on this plant right here and try to show you the strawberries. I hope it's in focus here. Look at those strawberries right there. This thing loaded. We've got literally thousands and thousands of strawberries out here. There's a little bit of work to this matted row system. You've got to work for your food. These looms are all over the place. I want to show you one of the plants that's growing in here. Clue you in on it. This plant right here is called dandelion right here. You see that booger right there? That's a dandelion plant. That right there is a herbal remedy for cancer. That plant, you don't have to buy any seed or anything. God just grows it out here. I'm going to pull that thing up. It's in the strawberry bed and see you can make salad out of it. You can eat the root. You can make tea out of it and all that. If you don't believe it, look it up on the internet. This stuff is cure for cancer. Hold this right here. Let me dig this thing up. We'll carry this plant into the house and when we have our salad today, we'll use this dandelion in the salad. I'm going to try to get the root too to show you. By the way, this is the plant that grows up and has those little puff balls on it. The kids knock and they blow into wind. That's the seeds. This is one of the most detested plants, persecuted plants in the world or in garden people's yards. I think it's kind of ironic that God put this here to keep us healthy and ancient people knew it and a lot of people know it now. They persecute this plant and try to kill it. They say it's bad. It's not bad. This is a wonderful thing right here. I'm going to try to dig the root up with it. It has a pretty darn big root and the root has a lot of medicinal qualities. Come on up, baby. Two. Oh, okay. There we go. There was actually two of these plants here. There's the root right there and then this is the whole plant is edible. That right there and then help food stores and maybe in other parts of the country. They sell this stuff for people buy it and take it home in their grocery cart to make salad with it. All right. Now we're going to try to plant some Swiss chard. I'm not going to show you that but I'd like to recommend that you try Swiss chard in your garden. We're planting one called Northern Lights and basically that means it's got different colors. It's red and purple and white streaks in it. The more color there is in your food, probably the more vitamins and the more nutrition there is. This is what we're missing right here, friends. We're not getting fed properly and that's why we're so sick. If you want to be healthy, you're going to have to change all that stuff. You don't have to get off of that sugar. You don't have to get off of that artificial sweetener. You're going to have to get off of the white flower and frankly off of the potatoes too because those things are, you know, you can eat potatoes but shouldn't be the whole gist of your diet. Anyway, I'm fixing the plant that Swiss chard and I hope that I hope my videos are helpful to you. And of course, I'm just expressing my opinion about the food, you know, but you can take it for what it's worth. So, I'll get in focus. Okay, folks, we're going to cook some wild dandelion greens that I got out in the garden. They're going out there by the tens of thousands. So, the 1st of March, 2018. We're here in southern Georgia and they're everywhere. So, I'm going to cook this up and I'm going to eat it right in front of everybody and I'm going to see what I think. I already know this stuff is a survival food. You need to learn what it is and where it is. So if you ever get in a starvation situation, you can survive. Other people might not know. People don't know what this stuff is. So, I'm just cleaning it. I separated it from the root. Here's the root over here of it. And that's edible too and that's also medicinal. I don't know if anybody ever told you but they're pretty good, darn good proof that this stuff here cures cancer. So, I'm going to put it in a bowl. I've washed it pretty good and I've gotten most of the trash out like little pieces of grass and all and a little bit of that won't urch anyway. All right, I'm going to cook this with a little bit of butter here. This here is sweet, cream, salted land of lakes butter. USDA triple A, I think, or double A or whatever. This is good as it gets right here as far as what we can get a hold of. I'm sure you'd be better off the milk your own cowl. Make your own butter but we don't have a cow right now. So we're going to put this in this pan with this butter and we're going to cook these greens. Put a little bit of water over here anything. Let me tell you a story while this is cooking about a friend of mine that was a medical doctor. He was a lot older than I was. He was probably born in the turn of the century. He was a surgeon and I got to be friends with him because he liked to garden. So I talked to him and I asked him. I said, Doc, do you think you've operated on people through the years and you know you go way back. You knew people that were born in the 1800s. Do you think that the food like butter, meat and all the things that they say are unhealthy made those people unhealthy. Do you think that that's true? Being as you've been able to observe people that essentially grew up on that kind of food. They ate lots of lard. Actually that was their most available oil back in those days with lard made from rendering a little pig fat. And he told me that the people back then were healthier and that they had, that they were healthier basically and that that food did not hurt them. So he thought it was a myth that the butter and the meat, the steak and the food that people ate back in the old days was a bad thing. So that was right from the horse's mouth, a man that was a doctor and not only that he did a lot of operations on people and he essentially knew what people looked like on the inside. So I was saying that so you won't jump on my case about putting a big ol' patta butter in my greens instead of some kind of other oil or no oil at all. Okay, we're going to come back to you in a few minutes when this is cooked tender. Okay. All right, there it is right there. Dandelion, greens and a boiled egg, farm fresh boiled egg. Well, don't let anybody tell you eggs are bad for you either now. They don't want you to have eggs because eggs are really good for you. Did you guys know that the fast food industry puts various chemicals into their food so that you will eat more of it so that you will stuff yourself and go and get more of that food and basically make them rich. I'm not saying that they're trying to get you sick, but I'm saying that their number one goal is to get rich and if it gets you sick in the process, so that's why it's got to be. Now I've got one other idea for this dandelion green that I'm going to present in just a second, so we'll do that in just a second. Okay, I'm back. I forgot to taste it to let you know what I think of it. Okay. All right, I did put a little salt with this now and I probably eat too much salt. I will admit that, but that didn't kill me yet. So I'm going to give a little bite of this stuff and just see what I think of this right. And I like greens anyway, you know. It tastes darn good to me. This, a little piece of egg with it. That's wonderful. I got no problem with that. Okay, so I'm going to try one other little way of cooking this up and I just saw it other than we'll close this video down. Check that out about the dandelion greens in the cure for cancer. You don't have to look very far on the internet to find it. Dr. Up in Canada named Caroline Ham has done a great deal of work on that subject. So we'll break right now and let me cook this up a little thing I thought of. Okay friends, this is my idea. Okay, this is my idea here. I've got the dandelion greens in there and I'm going to crack a farm fresh egg on the top of that. And I'm going to fry that thing up. I've got to get this up and turn it with. Now I did put some olive oil in this pan by the way. This is the lowly, rather persecuted dandelion. But I guarantee if you were in a bad situation for food and couldn't get any at the grocery store, you would be mighty proud of eating something like this. Now the egg situation is a close at hand that you all you have to do is get you some chickens and rice some chickens and let them lay eggs. You can actually do that in an apartment, less as too small or in a basement or something like that. You can do all that indoors if you have no other way to do it. That's not the preferred way to do it, but it is definitely possible. In fact, the commercial eggs are all raised indoors, you know, and little bit of cages. You can raise, I mean, we're talking about survival, we're talking about health. So you're not raising chickens or, you know, I would highly advise you to not rely on the commercial food production industry to always be there. And I would also advise you not to trust them for what they put in that food. Because remember, their bottom line is money. Their bottom line isn't giving you something healthy. And if they can do things to that food, let's put just a little bit of salt. If they can do things in your food to make you eat more, to make you, to make it cheaper for them to produce it, for instance, one way that they make it cheaper for them to produce it is that when they fly things in the fields, instead of mechanically cleaning the weeds away from those plants, called cultivation, it's called cultivation, they use chemicals to kill the plants that they don't want. They use roundup is one of them called life phosphate, and many others too numerous to mention, hundreds of other chemicals that they spray to get maximum yield out of their crops. And these chemicals are not necessarily good for you. And they probably even know that these things aren't good for you, but they get them approved to use by money, by greasing the palms of those government officials that are in charge of looking after making sure that our food is healthy. They give, you know, they can buy these people and basically say, okay, we want to use this because we can make eggs number more dollars for haker, and we spray our crop with this particular thing right here. And so that's the way the world is right now. So beware, I was hoping I could flip this and make it pretty, but I'm having a, I have a feeling that I'm going to make a mess of this and flip it all over the place, but I'll try, get under there and flip over. There we go. And by the way, these greens have a really good aroma as they're cooking. Well, to me it was, it was a slightly sweet aroma. And this, this does not smell bad. I actually burnt the greens slightly here, but basically this is my dish right here, dandelion and fried egg there. And then, so we're going to, we're going to sit down and eat this stuff and it's about getting to be about time for lunch. And we hope that this video will inspire you to start checking out alternative ways to get your food. And you know, I'm just saying, it never hurts to prepare for an emergency.