 Okay, today we're doing chimichangas. As you can see I've got all the ingredients laid out here for you and if I've forgotten something well you'll see that out in the video as we go along. What I'm using for the meat is marinated chucked roll. Okay, I got this here from El Mixa kind of market and I got some chorizo. Okay, right here the chorizo cost me about four bucks and let's see it's about a little over a pound and the chucked roll is two pounds and that cost me about eight bucks. Now I'll be able to make some smoke and large chimichangas out of this stuff. So when we've got cilantro onions you can see I've got the peppers. I won't be using all of that just for color purposes you'll see it pop when I cut that sucker open. I've got some toppings, the sour cream and the green enchilada sauce. I'll probably throw some lettuce in there what not to but anyway as far as the meat goes we'll just be going the steak, the chorizo and then these ingredients here with the herbs. So what we've got here is some goya all-purpose seasoning which is pretty much garlic salt. I use raw garlic as well. Just some chopped garlic. I've got cumin and I've got chili powder. Okay, now these are huge chimichangas that I'm making and it takes a ginormous tortilla like this to roll them up just like you see in the restaurants when you get that huge burrito or the huge chimichang go when you get served at the restaurant. This is what they use and it's a really fresh tortilla. It's very thin, very doughy almost like it's not cooked but it has been but I'm telling you the performance on the chimichang of that way is fantastic. Then of course right here we'll be frying it as soon as we get it all put together. So heat on that just in case I mess it later 375 on your temperature. Okay, now let's go to the stove. Okay, now here we are at the stove as you can see I've prepared a bunch of stuff here as far as the green wise. I chopped up the orange bell pepper and through in a jalapeno and some scallions. Here I've got the cilantro, got the lime ready to go and of course the beef chat. I'll chop up ready to go here too. Now the pan's already hot I got it on medium. We're gonna do a little bit of this oil I like to use peanut and we're gonna take this chuck and we're gonna throw it right on in there and get it going. We're gonna cook this by itself here for a little bit and then we'll add the chorizo. Now as you can see the chorizo back here is all coiled up. I want to take that out of the oil there and just add the meat only so I'll be separating that in between videos here. And I'll cook this until it's brown. Okay now as you can see we got a nice brown color you can see it got a little bit of royal roll in the moisture in here but I'm gonna leave that out I don't want to strain it because it'll just fill a reduce it'll cook out okay. I'm gonna go ahead and take a teaspoon of chopped garlic and put that in there. I'm gonna go ahead and use the doya all purpose seasoning and just do a good shake here. This is gonna take the place of actual salt and then here's the chorizo. Now I'm not using that whole coil this is about a pound. Okay it's a pound to two pounds of beef and all you got to do is just chop this up in here real good and then once you do that and spread it around you can season it with the cumin the chili powder and we'll start throwing in the veggies because we want to keep the veggies in their nutrients. We don't want to cook it all out that's why we didn't throw it in yet. We're gonna wait till all this is cooked out and then we'll add all that as well. Okay now at this point you can see I've got it all incorporated it's perfect. You want to give it a taste right now see if you need to add any more of this all purpose seasoning here this garlic salt and then you can throw in a shake of your chili powder here and it really is only about a teaspoon's worth if the cumin same thing throwing your cumin however your taste buds feel they need it. I do about a teaspoon's worth of this for this much meat for two pounds of it and with the you know of course with the chorizo adds another pound so three pounds of meat in this skillet so a teaspoon of that that cumin really isn't that much especially since I get it up here from the Almex Aquaman market and it seems to be a little bit less flavored when I get it in bulk like that because I get a I get a big pound bag of it for five dollars versus when you buy this you know just like at Walmart or something I just refill this this is like 350 so it's a killer deal but I find that I have to use a little bit more so now that we've we're stirring this in we are going to add the veggies okay right here I told you I've got the bell pepper the jalapeno and the scallions and the cilantro we'll do here in a second okay I want that last because I don't want that to be just this much killed weed in there so we'll get this turned in there and then guess what else let's try to lime so let's squeeze the heck out of this lime get that in there real nice and good just throw that up some more at this point I'm gonna go ahead and kill the heat and add the cilantro and give it another good stir okay now as you can see it's good to go it settle down it's not as hot as it was it's ready to just start loading okay now let's go talk about that okay now we're down to rolling it we're gonna stuff it and roll it but I want to talk about these tortillas it really is important to understand you can see the size of this tortilla and the size of my hand they're ginormous they're very thin okay and I can only find these where I'm at anyway I'm up in the mountain region so it's hard to find more of an authentic tortilla like this that's more restaurant style but I go to the Mexican market to find them I can't get them at Walmart or regular grocery stores around here they're not like this they ain't the same doughy quality to it okay but it's real important if you can get these to get them because it makes all the difference in the world in your your chimichanga okay and another thing that you want to do when you're filling these up is sometimes you want to use some rice it helps as a good fillers so you don't have to use so much meat and the meat can go further and you can make more chimichangas for everybody else that's on your to feed list so sometimes I throw in this Spanish rice across the bottom then I'll take the meat right there in the center and right here I've got this is my favorite cheese I like to use the pepper jack put the pepper jack cheese in there as you can see I'm not scared to use it sparingly and then we're gonna roll that but I need two hands to do it so watch this okay now the rolling is kind of particular because we want to keep the grease out of the inside of this when we fry it so you want to have it completely enclosed you don't start with the sides or anything like that just grab the backside go over the top and then you can kind of snug it up by pulling it back here secure your loose ends here you're gonna start a half tuck here and another one two and three times on each side one two three and then roll that's it now on the other side all we do here is I take a toothpick I don't know any other way to do it when there this big I stab it in there come back out like I'm threading it and that'll hold up that secure it and then we'll just throw that right in the fryer now here we go this is my fryer I've got an old school frider right here I don't know if you can see it if it's clear enough I've got it set at 375 for the frying okay it's already heated ready to go now it's really important that it is absolutely heated just tested out with a small piece of tortilla and make sure that it's bubbly and sizzling up and it's ready to just go okay most likely already know that but if you don't if your temperature is not the right heat you're not gonna get this crispy enough fast enough and it's gonna be soggy and it's gonna taste like it's full of oil and that just sucks so we'll just drop that sucker right in there and I'm gonna throw the lid on there because I don't like my house to smell like this oil but it also helps the heat condense in there and really crisp that thing up this only just take a couple minutes all right it is ready only took a few minutes now I'm gonna let that drip dry here right here we're gonna go ahead and plate it and there you have it right there okay we're gonna go ahead and pull out the toothpick slides right out easy as easy as pie of course we're making chimichongers though aren't we okay so I like this green chili and chalotta sauce and we'll just pour that right down the top here as much as you want don't be scared and then I'm gonna grab myself a big old spoonful of sour cream and there you have it chimichonga right here in the poor man's gourmet kitchen