 Hey everybody, I'm here today to show you how to slice a tomato. Let's get right to it. As you can see I have a nice juicy tomato and I have a knife. Now you can choose the type of knife that you want to use. However I would recommend making sure that it has a sharp blade because it is very important. You don't want a dull blade because then it's going to get caught on the skin of the tomato instead of slicing through it. So the first thing that you have to do is remove the core. As you can see right there there is the core. There are many ways to do this. You can you know some people like to put the finger against the knife, dig it in and then sort of just turn it. Since this is a larger than usual core what I like to do is I like to just use my knife and just cut around it. I'll just try and show it to the camera just like that. Once again it all depends on the size of the core and your own style. It's up to you whatever you want to do. There's the core now that it's been removed. I'm just going to place it to the side. Now what we have to do next is we have to cut the tomato in half. So I'm just going to go ahead and I'm just going to go and cut the tomato in half. Just like that a nice smooth cut as you can see the tomato is nice and juicy. It looks delicious. Now what you're going to do is you're going to take each of the halves and I'm only going to be doing it with one half because I don't need to I don't need to use this half for what I'm cooking right now. I only need one half. So basically you're going to take each of the halves if you're using one or if you're using both and you are simply going to cut through. You're going to slice through the tomato just like that. Now when you're slicing through you want to make sure that the knife the tip of the knife is being pressed down against the cutting board or against the counter whatever it is that you are using and you're just going to smoothly slice through just like that. Okay once again be careful with your fingers safety is obviously a priority when you're slicing the tomato. So just go ahead and slice through just like that. Angle your knife so that the tip is pressing downwards just like that. As you can see we are making nice slices. Now some people like to keep their fingers really close to the knife when they're slicing that's completely up to you whether or not you feel comfortable. Now my knife is a little bit dull so I just have to give it a little bit of a push when I'm cutting through it. But if you're using a very sharp knife I'm just going to bring it down for the end there. If you're using a very sharp knife you should be able to just slice right through it. That's just basically it. As you can see I have sliced the tomato. I have these nice slices and you can use these slices for literally whatever you want to use them for with regards to cooking. Just as you can see the slices are nicely done. They're perfectly sized in my opinion. You can do them thinner. You can cut them to be thinner or thicker. It's completely up to you. But that's basically it in this video. I have shown you the basics of slicing a tomato. It's a really simple process and once again I have done it with one half of the tomato. If I was going to use this half as well I would do the exact same thing with this half. And that's all I have for you today. Thanks for watching.