 Welcome to the Nespresso Assistance video on descaling your CS200 or CS220 machine. In order to obtain the perfect cup of coffee, time after time, we recommend you descale your CS200 or CS220 machine at least once a year. The Nespresso Club offers you a descaling kit that is specially designed for your Nespresso machine. You'll see how simple it is to descale your machine. To start the descaling cycle, please place your machine in standby mode, empty the drip tray, and caps your container. If present, remove the milk canister. Detach the steam nozzle with the key provided in the Gemini tray kit. For the CS220, screw on the transparent tube. For the CS200 machine, simply attach the soft side of the transparent tube to the hot water nozzle. Replace all drip trays, and caps your containers. Place the two containers underneath the nozzle. If your machine has a filter, please remove it from the water tank. If your machine is connected to a water source, please turn off the tap located at the back of the machine. You should also deactivate the water source when accessing the menu. Switch the machine to standby mode, then press and hold the Ristretto, Espresso and Lungo buttons for three seconds. Using the Ristretto button, scroll down the menu to select Direct Water on. Select by pressing the Espresso button, and then deactivate the water supply by pressing the Ristretto button. The word on will change to off. Press the Espresso button to access and confirm your choice. Scroll down the menu till you reach descaling and press to activate. Water flows from the hot water nozzle. When the cycle stops, remove the water tanks from the machine and fill the left hand water tank with approximately two litres of water. And four sachets of Nespresso descaling solution. Then pour two sachets with approximately one litre of water into the right hand water tank. Press any button to continue the descaling cycle. Water flows from the steam nozzle, then from the hot water nozzle. And finally, from the coffee outlet. Empty the containers when the descaling cycle has been completed. Replace the two containers. Empty and rinse the water tanks. Refill them with fresh water. To start the rinse cycle, simply press any button. Empty the containers when the rinse cycle has been completed. The machine enters the standby mode when the descaling procedure has finished. It may now be switched on and used as normal. If your machine is connected to a water source, you should reactivate it. Then turn the tap on which is located at the back of the machine. Remove the transparent tube from the steam outlet and replace the steam nozzle. For the CS 220 machine, replace the thermos and milk nozzle. Your CS 200 or CS 220 machine is now ready to use. You can now continue to enjoy our range of ground crew, specifically designed to optimize the extraction quality of your machine. And guarantee the ultimate Nespresso coffee quality, cup after cup. Thanks for watching.