 Hello and welcome to Morvish Kuzim, my DC Kitchen with the Western Tut. Today I'm sharing the recipe of chicken full-out. Chicken cooked in DC spices and then rice cooked in that seasoned broth. For this aromatic rice chicken dish we have to split the recipe into few steps. So let's go and see what we are doing in this. Step one. So step one is making a broth. For broth I'm using these spices and just adding with the chicken I have two tablespoons of coriander seeds, sabatanya, a tablespoon of fennel seeds, salt, ginger and garlic paste. I use minced garlic, a tablespoon of peach, cumin, anacala, cumin, and black cumin. One onion and then I'm using some whole spices. So I have a little piece of star aniseed badean kapun. Then I have black cardamom, a few seven eight peppercorns, five six, a cloves, one stick of cinnamon, one small cardamom, and a little piece of nutmeg. Now take all these spices, transfer them into the cooking pot with the chicken and some water. Usually I take water which I need for my rice plus a cup extra so chicken can cook easily and then just cover the pot, cook it for 15 to 20 to 25 minutes until the chicken gets tender and now that's it. We're gonna go when it's done. We just strain it and then we're gonna go to our step two. So now for step two the the combining part. We have washed and soaked rice, sliced onion, ginger garlic, cumin, that's strained broth, chopped tomatoes, and then cooked chicken. So just torque it, just heat up, I'll say, quarter cup of oil and then add a very small, small to medium size sliced onion and then start frying it. Now I just fry until they just get a little soft translucent and that's it. You can cook more to get that brownish color which usually you get in the bowl but I don't cook that much. I just cook until they just just hard to change the color. So when it's get that color I just add cumin seeds, I like around a teaspoon, just mix a little and immediately I add chopped tomatoes. Now it's up to you. I use around two medium size but how much you like my husband loves tomatoes. So yeah I use little more than required. So just mix around and cook until the tomatoes get soft and cooked. I'll say when they are like around half done I add ginger and garlic, I always use minced garlic. So just add that, mix and cook until you see the soft gravy kind. I'll say like around three to four minutes, okay, maximum five minutes. So when tomatoes are done, just add your chicken pieces put on top of that tomato mixture, start stirring with a very very light hand because sometimes there's a chance that chicken will start to break. So just mix, cook for like a minute or two and then it's time to add the broth inside. So this is my broth. So for the rice I usually use the ratio for rice and the water is one is two one and a half. So first of all I'm taking three cups of rice so I will add four and a half cup of water or a broth. So but I less is better so I just keep that quarter and a half cup less than that just to make sure than when I'll add the rice I'll see. So now we have to cook it and wait until it's get one boil. So when you start to see the bubbles means time to add the rice, just add all the rice, the salt. I usually use add the equivalent ratio for the salt, three cups of rice equal to three teaspoons. It's totally up to you according to your taste buds. Discover and cook on a high flame until you start seeing these bubbles. These, it means your rice are ready to go for them which means you have to cook them on a very low flame. I prefer to put it on the griddle so just one of the griddle, mix it, check the salt, cover it, put one or two green to the on top, put it on them for 10 to 15 minutes and done. So here is my chicken Yakhni Pulao. It's done in Andrala and Aroma can make you feel hungry again. Serve it with any yogurt dip. I'm serving it with dry, which has chopped tomatoes, onions and cucumbers. Serve with your favorite salad, chutney, dip, anything. If you like my recipe just leave me a message. If you have any questions I'll try to help you out. I hope you like my recipe. See you next time. Please don't forget to subscribe for my channel, like me on Facebook and follow me on Instagram.