 Welcome back in the kitchen guys, it's amazing to be in the kitchen. But anyway, most of my fans keep saying to me, Chef Ricardo, you know what happened? I know you're using your tin piece, but you don't know what happened. I went to the shop and I brought a pack of right kidney beans for sure some of my fans and that listen. The only reason why I use tin can right kidney beans are their gungos on time is the left of fans and know that guys, if this one takes a little time to cook, if you got a patient you can also stand up and load for cook for 2 hour or hour or hour. What I'm saying, I'm going to give you a recipe and this one of the gungos on piece. We're going to be using this right kidney bean and I'm going to be starting it from scratch to finish and I'm going to show you all along this going to be taken. The first thing you need to do is to soak this from overnight and I'm going to be showing you all to do it and in our list. So I'm going to be showing you all the text and a lot of people might as a chef Ricardo why are you using tin right kidney beans. But you remember, you got people over 9 to 5. You get what I mean and also people who have three or four kids at home dealing with one time. So these are the things sometimes I use. Certainly kind of ingredients, the 15 with the fans over 9 to 5. If it does work in 9 to 5, you don't have anything doing, you can do this one by soaking it and cooking it the next day. It's still easy to cook but it takes a little time and especially if you have kids dealing with another easy, you got rarks and bits and pieces. And I'm going to be showing you all you can use this red kidney bean to make rice and peas. Alright, because some of my fans have been saying I'm using too much tin but I mean I didn't want to recognize that. You got a lot of ladies and a lot of single man and single ladies all there who got like three or four kids dealing with don't have time, a lot of time to have so peace in water. They want to get things going on. I mean special in a place like England where people move crazy. So let's go into business. I'm going to show you all to do this one. So in a 9 to 5 job, this don't work. You know what I mean? You have to not work in. I'll probably hone your own business or your own company. That's they can do this one at home. But I'm going to be showing my fans them all to do this one and she'll say it takes a little time but it's still can't be done. One of them, chef or cook or stay tuned and don't go anyway. Follow me on Instagram, Twitter and Facebook, Google plus me. We got a lot more recipe, a lot more ideas and a lot more things coming out for the fun. Alright, some peace. Chef or cutter going to show you one more time for the fun, them. Who does the right 9 to 5? Nice. I love it. I'm basically going to just get straight to the fun, them. They say, okay. Alright. This is an empty pot. And now I'm going to do. Get my peace. Remember, my fans, they're most saying to me that chef or cutter, I know you're a guy who cooks really well and makes some pieces but you're using too much of tin right, kidney beans. So we're going to do right some peas one more time. I'm going to be using right kidney beans and one when I cook as yet. So basically I have a glass. What I'm going to do. I got one glass of right kidney beans. We're all going to know I'm going to see. 14 side of mine. One right here. The first thing we're going to do is just wash it off. I think it's on a cool water. I like what people doesn't know. This is the old time beer, it's not that. But I don't know if that's what I'm talking about. My grandmother always said, washed off the peas before you put it with swacar, I didn't think this. So basically as I can see. Well, please ask that about the world, please. One cup of right kidney beans. Alright. And then we're going to put some water to show my fans that. Exactly all you're going to do this thing. But I want to do the right kidney beans. I'm going to make it work perfect. Alright guys. Nice one. So basically as I can see. What we're going to do. We're going to get. One. Two. Three. Nice one. Four glass of water. Alright. So this is all of the other work you have to start for God's sure. When and not going to be using the teen one for the right samples. So as I said, if you're not working 9 to 5, honestly, or the encouraging you can do it. And if you have a business and you know what I said, you can do it. But if you plan over 9 to 5, I don't think they can't even do so much things. But got about 4 kids with a kid here. And they have one of the kids we're able to school. I don't have to do any more work. And all these things. I know those by the way I'm going to put some rice on this. But honestly. Yeah. Then after that, then they get two cloves of garlic. When they get the two cloves of garlic, remove the chash and simply crush it. Crush the garlic and put it in the water like this. Nice one. And now they're going to do is leave this in your fridge. Some people leave it on their work surface like this on the table. In the kitchen are on the stove until in the morning they cook it. So this is another way which is very easy for you to do your piece. Leave it in some water overnight and then first thing in the morning you'll cook it. You're going to have to cook it. I'm going to show you how to cook it. You're going to take a little time. But chef ricotta definitely going to show you how to cook it until you're all done. It takes. And this is all up the process way I've got you all. If you're not using the tin one. Alright. So I let the people mind that's a chef ricotta where you're using the tin one. But I want to get the plain and straight to them that I, you know what I mean. My short is all about for everybody. You know what I mean. If you're at 9 to 5, I try to 15 to get over 9 to 5. I let the single father and I let the single parents and single mother. We have four kids and the father and the other, the other, the other, the father. We have five kids and the mother and the other, the other, the other. So basically then on a time for something like this. But if you're not working, you can do this at home. Alright. So basically this is all you're going to be started by doing a rice and piece. Soaking a piece for tomorrow, which is going to be Sunday. So you're going to be in I mean next. Say it next one to a G456789, 1011. Next 12 hours time you can cook this and you're going to vary. It's going to be easy if you probably take about 30 minutes after you're talking to some water to cook. So guys, thank you so much for watching. And honestly this rice and piece is going to be amazing. Basically if you want to use a coconut milk, we're going to use a coconut milk. And I'm going to show you exactly what chef ricotta is on the board. Alright guys, so thank you so much for tuning in and watching this one. All the cook you're going to be at home. I make rice and piece. Alright. So this is going to be a volume tree of chef ricotta rice and piece. Just to make the fans happy. Alright. Thank you so much guys. Stay tuned. Subscribe, like our share. And tell our friend and our friend. Tell our friend. See you next time. Bye bye. Nice and lovely. So basically the piece has been soaking over the last 12 hours. Alright, so look at it. You can see the difference. Alright, it's so the piece gets swollen. Nice one. Alright. And the water even gets red. Well, I just leave it right here. I just leave it on the table on the counter. So what I'm going to do now, I'm just going to cook this now until the piece gets soft. So now is our office every day. We take our board for at the five minutes. And the medium size it to cook. Alright. So that's what I'm going to do now. So that's the piece. I'm going to cook it. And the item is cooked down the stove. And the item is prepared for about five to five minutes. Anytime the piece gets soft, if the water dries out, there's more of some water in the cooker. And fully top up. Alright guys, thank you so much. So now we're going to show you all the cook, your eyes and piece. Nice and lovely. So basically the piece is cooked. Because once the piece is soft, that means it's cooked. And I want to tell you something guys. It's a little bit longer, but honestly it's very quick. And this piece, the one cup is a little bit too much. So what I'm going to do, I'm going to take out some. Because you know when the piece is so old and it does get a lot to know, I mean, it's roughly about half a cup. Half a piece could then do it. So basically what I'm going to do, I'm taking out about half a cup of the piece. And we're going to put some water inside of it like this. Put only a bit more water. Nice one. And then we're going to do the season top. But you know what I mean, I just still want to do the show. My fans have said, listen, yeah, it do works. But it takes a little time, all right? To get the team prepared. All right, first thing. Time, that's some fresh time. And also that's some, those are my takin' names right on it. All right, white one in. Those are my top. Nice one. Honestly guys, it do works. That's some white, some red one in. And I got some spring one in. Let's put some spring one in. And now what happened? I love to use mixed herb in rice on piece with a lovely flavor. So off table spoon, I'm going to put some spring onion in. And I'm going to put some spring onion in. So off table spoon of mixed herb. And off table spoon of all purpose season. Spring onion of flavor to it. Put a pinch of dry thyme. Roughly four per renters seed. So one jack make four. Not too much. Pinch of pepper. And then just salt. So coconut milk. I'm going to be using quarter can, half cans of coconut milk. Basically you can use your natural coconut, but you're going to have to ox it. Great to eat our blend it. So I'm just using a tea one at a moment. And also, team spoon of unsalted butter. If you've got a sketch about it, probably nice to put in it, but I don't have any but that's fine. Still can't go ahead. Nice one. So now let's make this cook for about 10 minutes. Then we'll put in two cups of rice inside of it. Wash two cups of basmatic rice. And put it inside of it for flavor. And it's up in our main. Really nice. So let's taste it and see what's going on. Oh, perfect. A little bit more salt than they'd be all right. Nice one. Cover that. That's one nice good 10 minutes. Yes, guys. As you can see, still boiling up. Oh, looking good. Let's wash two cups of rice. Two large cups of rice. I'm going to pour it inside of it like this. I'm using some basmatic rice. Let's get rid of some of these time. Nice one. Let's get rid of the time. One to ten while I think that's it. Lovely. So next thing is remove the liquid. Yeah. Yeah, you're supposed to see the rice. And also everything is supposed to see. Nice one. So that looking good. Let's go with the water over the basmatic rice. It's fine. Because basmatic rice is very easy to cook, guys. Nice one. So what we're going to do is simple. Cover it and let it for it to cook for a nice good 15 minutes. Until the water dry out. Then we're going to look at it again. And see what it looks. So I only need to do the starting stove, the gas mob tree. And I'm using an electric oven and I got it on tree. So the low temperature is better for cooked rice. And the cook lovely and nice. Enjoy it. Rice some peas from scratch. Nice and lovely. So basically I can see. This is the rice on peas. Let's see what I'll go on. Let's take all these one, guys. Mm-hmm. I don't know that one there. Yeah, rice on peas nice. Come on lovely. Looking good. Rice on peas from scratch. All right. Look at that. That is fantastic and amazing. As you can see, nice and lovely guys. Tasty, I'll see. Mm-hmm. And that is perfect. Thank you so much for watching. Chef Focata quickly showed that a lot more recipe. A lot more ideas to rice on peas from scratch. Enjoy and see you next time. Bye-bye.