 Hey guys, I just want to do a quick tutorial today to show you guys how I figured out to put the Lily Jade messenger strap and could on to the back of the bag to use as a backpack. It took me a little while to get used to doing this actually the other day when I had conditioned all my bags and I had to redo all of this. It was driving me bananas because I just couldn't get it on probably but I did figure it out of way and I wanted to try and share it with you guys today in case anybody was wondering how to do this. I have had a couple of people ask me. So this is how I do it. There are some different ways. If you google or search in YouTube for Lily Jade's anchored straps for backpack, you probably will get some hits but this is just my version. So this is my Lily Jade Shalee. This is the 2.0 strap. So I put the buckle bit on the top like this and I line them up together just like this and then I thread. So here it is here before we start. You've got the buckle on the top bit and here's the end. Okay, so what I do is I take this and I thread it downwards. It's still with the buckle bit on the top and I get to here. Just line it up. Still make sure that these are even and then I take it and I thread them through like this and I thread them through with this still up. Actually, yeah. Okay. And as it's coming through, it's going to want me to flip it. So I just actually flip this over like this and then I pull it tight. Still make sure these are even like this. Now you will notice that this is kind of upside down at this point. I look here and I actually just flip this around. So it's like this. I need a side. Okay, and this is actually, you can see the buckle here. See how they're kind of the same coming through the buckle, the same coming up and around like this. Now you can keep it like that if you want and see how that's actually now flipped over back to the correct way or what I like to do is I like to actually take the left one and put it over the top so it makes an X at the top here. See that? And then what ends up happening is I end up having the buckle bit connected to the right side like this and then the other bit connected to the other the unknown buckle bit. Okay. And there we go. So then you've got a nice anchored section here that's crossed. Some people like to do it so it comes straight down. I like to cross it because I find when you look this way, I like to have the leather kind of coming through as naturally as possible and sometimes I actually get here and I kind of try to flatten it out as much as possible. But that is just how I like to anchor my bags. And just a quick hint when you do do the conditioning or the cleaning and the conditioning of your bag always take this off and do the strap as well because this will dry out just like your bag because of course it's on your back. I'm sure a lot of people think I do but I just wanted to mention that in case people forget to actually take the strap off and condition it could clean it, condition it and then put it back on. So I'd say condition your bag every say three months depending on how much you use it. I kind of look and see oh well it's getting a little bit dry and I just redo them. So I hope that helped anybody who was wondering how to do their anchor for backpack straps. And if you have any questions feel free to pop them below and I will try to help you out. Have a great afternoon. See ya. Bye.