 There y'all go. Man, welcome to the cooking channel. Man, I got all the only, but good. Man, I had some people talking about the cornbread. The cornbread on my channel, so yeah, I made some pretty good looking cornbread and what I do it. But when I make the cornbread on the channel, you'll lose a package cornbread. I didn't even go back to the old school. But so you want us some cornbread? I'm gonna take you to the old school. We're gonna do hot water cornbread today. Oh man, you know what, hot water cornbread? Come and let me show you how you can do that there. Now check this out here. Now, I'm not too good at measuring stuff because I do stuff, you know, saying it from a mine. But about two cups of cornmeal, cup of flour, you're gonna need two eggs, room temperature. You're gonna need two teaspoons of baking powder, a pinch of salt, which you're not gonna come out just a little pinch on the end of the spoon, a salt. And we're gonna use a little hot water, you're gonna need a grease to fry the end. The grease, you just bat a little bit on your pan. Just to coat it, not enough to get them greasy. And man, you talking about gonna be good. And this is just gonna be hot water cornbread. Oh, what's going with it cooking, you're gonna come in and show you that there. I'm gonna make some chillies. Now, on my chillies, I got some chillies meat. I got a pound of chillies meat, a pound of ground meat. And I'm also gonna add some sausage. I like a lot of meat in my being, my chillies meat. Really, I'm showing you the hot water cornbread. I'm just showing you what I'm cooking with it. And I got my beans over here ballin' and also gonna have, bam, some chillin'. Oh yeah, some good old fashioned chillin' for some chili beans. Oh man, who is my hot water cornbread? Ooh, that man, man, that's so full Sunday. Oh man, that's heated up. I got my hot water cornbread all over man. And I already put it together. I showed you what to do. Now you got that hot water, now slow, coming to me show you this here, right? I could put that beer down. Now, I have my hot water very, very slowly to this here. You mix all your ingredients together. And this way you probably gonna look. But anyway, here's the hot water cornbread. I'm gonna add some of the hot water cornbread. And I'm gonna add some of the hot water cornbread. And I'm gonna add some of the hot water cornbread. And I'm gonna add some of the hot water cornbread. But anyway, I'll show you how to do it. Take that, put the ingredients, hot water cornbread. Make sure you want to do it hot. Give them down. Put a little more, never. There we go. And then you just let them fry like that. And the chicken's out here. I'm chillin' so man, they're nice, tender. Look at pretty white and clean. You're comin' on real good. Now, come and show you the chili. Oh boy, look at that. Look at that, sausage, ground meat, chili meat. Onion, she bell pepper. Oh man, even got some roti all off of now. Oh man, y'all don't even know man, y'all don't even know. Oh look at that, that's beautiful. That is beautiful. Let's do this, yo. And somebody. Alright, y'all. Man, what's up back there, kitchen? Now I know y'all be like, man, you didn't really, really go step by step. Hey, you know what I'm sayin'? I'm a basic trained. I have good general. So I'm not gonna show you step by step because the hot water cornbread that took really six minutes of video time to show you how to just add a little hot water at a time. Mix up the ingredients I showed you. And just add a little hot water at a time. And you don't want to think you gotta get a right consistency. You know, so it's kind of a basic thing that you gotta do. Now come in, let me show you how to look though what it's done. It's worth it. Look at that. You got your hot water cornbread, look at that. Now look at that. Cut the loose, look at that. Look at the beans. The beans got chili meat. It's got chili meat, ground meat, and sausage. Look at that. Got your roti all in there. Your onions, the bell pepper, look at the chilens. Got a little hot sauce on the chilens. Now you can just get you like that, yo. Mmm. Add some chili bean. Mmm. What's in the chili? Mmm. Mayer. Mmm. I don't know what to say. Down! Mayer. Mmm. I don't know what to say. Down! Down! That's a body!