 Should I wear a hat or no hat? Mmm, look at the hat for now. Hey guys, welcome back to my channel. So this video, we're going to be doing another macrame project in Oma Genoza. I am so excited to be doing this with my mom. I'm sending you a picture up one somewhat similar to what we're going to be doing today. And I got so much inspiration from it. I like to immediately win out and bought everything that I needed as soon as that's all the picture. If you've seen my previous macrame project, it's going to be kind of similar in the sense of what type of knots that we used to create our masterpiece. But it's going to be a lot different too. So, you know, they're always all different. Using the same stuff, it's so neat how you can create something so different each time. The knots that we're going to be using today to create this is going to be the Larch's head knot, the square knot, and the double half hitch stitch, or double half hitch. Have everyone call it. If you don't know what those are, you can go ahead and google them real quick and like see a diagram. Or if you want to see like a video, I've got a video doing all of those on my channel. I'll demonstrate each knot once for the video, but I don't want to like, you know, go into detail and make sure that you got it over and over again because that makes all my videos very repetitive and much longer than they need to be. So, if you're cold learning it once and getting it, you ain't got to click out of this video. Just keep watching. Move along to what you need for the project. You're going to need your dowel rod or something to hang it on. Whatever you got, dripped wood, stick, carton knot, whatever you want to hang it on. This one is the largest one that they've got at Walmart. It's the woman's like the little blue on the end of it. I didn't stain it because the flowers for the most part are going to be having this. So, I really didn't bother to. You're going to need you some rope. Now, this is the work choice, Diamond braid clothes one. They're laundry one pretty much. You can get this at Walmart for like 350. I think it's 350, 4 or 350, 5, something like that. 350. There's only 100 fates you're going to need about 7 ish of them. I'll go ahead and put exactly how much I used right here. And this is the width of the rope. Now, you're going to need a whole lot of flowers. Do I blend in? I got these all at Walmart. So, if you've got a Walmart nearby, you can go and get these exact same flowers and literally make the exact same piece that I made because everything I got is from Walmart. The next thing you're going to need is some kind of yarn, rope, string, whatever. This is just a tie to the dowel rod and hang up on the wall so you can, you know, not have to worry about it falling all the time, I guess. Then some sizzles. That is pretty much all that you need. I think so if there's anything that I left out, I'll put right here. And if there's any information that I left out, I'll also put it right here. It is so hot out here. I'm going to have to go inside after this. Okay. Once you've done your rope on one side, you're just going to, you're going to pull it out to your kind of like, like this with it. Okay. That is one body sling. So, whatever is one body sling for you. And then literally now you get through all those packs of rope and you cut every bit of it up. I try to cut the ropes around 10 feet each. Sometimes they get a little bit shorter than that because I don't need some measuring tape, you know what I mean? And that's okay. It makes for texture in the project, especially for this one because there's a lot of some that are a lot shorter or higher than others. So, you most definitely do not have to measure these out perfect. But around 10 foot each rope, 10 foot each rope, that's pretty much my standard. Now that you've got all your rope cut, you're going to start hanging it onto the dowel rod. Now, what you're going to do is, you're going to make a lark set knot. And this is going to be the very first knot that you're going to use. This is going to be the only time you use this knot in this whole piece. So, you can take the end of one of your ropes. You travel all the way down, keep holding it, keep holding it, get you out of the ran. And you put them together, like so, a little bit dark here on that one. And then you travel down once more. And at the very end, you've got a little loop. Now, what you're going to do, if you have your dowel rod here, you're going to take this little loop, fold it over it, take these two ends, pull it through, just like that, and pull it up to the top. And there you got your lark set knot. You're going to attach all your ropes like that. And once you're done with that, you're ready to move on to the next step. Okay, so now once you've hung all your ropes up, I've got 42 ropes hanging up here. And what we're going to do is we're going to split that by three. So, you're going to make three separate sections in 14 ropes. So, you're going to have it like this, and like, wrap your something like that. But like that and like that. But before you worry about how that's going to go, what we're going to do is we're going to do square knots. And we're going to do a whole row of square knots at this very, very top. So, we're going to be tying them really tight and pushing them up to the top. I'll go ahead and show you how to do that. And you're just going to repeat that whole process down the entire row of ropes. So, for a square knot, you need four ropes. So, what you're going to do is you're going to take the right side right here and you're going to flip it up. And I like to hold my thumb right here on it. And then you're going to take this left side rope, go underneath this one, behind those two in the center, and through this loop that you made right here. Pull that up to the top. And it looks somewhat like that. And now you're going to do the same exact thing except start with the left side of rope. So, you're going to put it right here, touch your thumb right here, underneath, through, and then you're going to pull that together. And there you have a square knot. And you're going to repeat that exact same thing on all the ropes down. So, I've done a little bit of practicing. And this is what I came up with so far. For these two sides, this is how it's going to look. And I'm going to demonstrate everything I'm going to do right here on this one for you. This next step is just to follow me what I do here and then do that two more times. You don't know what I mean. So, here we go. You've got two going one way, two going the other. What you're going to do is this knot that we're going to be doing is called the double half hitch. It's a little bit on the intermediate side, but if you don't know how to do it, you can go watch my video. I'll leave a link down below to that video. It goes more in depth and like takes you step by step by step on how to do that knot. But I'm going to show you what time to do it. Is you're going to take this rope right here. So, the second one if you're looking hit on to the knot. And you're going to take it and cross it like this. And this one, the one that's behind it, you're going to go, oh, you're going to go, you're going to keep it under and make like a little loop here. And you're going to fold over and through and then pull that up to the top. And you see you've got a little loop right here. You're going to do the same exact thing. So, what I like to do is I like to hold it like this and bring it up and kind of hold it like that on this. Flip it over and through that loop that you made and pull it to the top. And now you can see that you're left with this like little pattern right here. And that is what's going to create this diagonal pattern. So, you're going to take each rope to the side of that and do the same exact thing on this left side. I'll go ahead and shake. So, okay, so it should look something like that. So, you've got this little angle right here. And now what we're going to do is we're going to make this second row like this. Right here and it's the same exact thing. What you're going to do is you're going to take the rope, let me zoom in so you can see it really well. This right here is that center rope. These two pieces right here are the ones go into the rot. And this very first one right here is going to be kind of like your little work and rope that we used earlier. You pick that one up and then you're going to use that as like your little trailing rope and take the one underneath it and do the same exact thing over and over again. So, now you've done the top and the bottom row and you're going to do the exact same thing on this right side. So, here is the center knot and here is the one that we're going to be starting with. So, this is going to be like our little work and rope. We're going to do this one. You've got it like this. Make that little loop. Take this one and fold it through that loop. Oops, here we go. Pull to the top. Make that little loop right here. Fold it over and through and pull to the top. And you just keep going and make that same diagonal line. And once you completely finish this top one, go ahead and do that second one just like we did this one. Okay, now once it looks like this, we're going to go ahead and finish the bottom portion of it. Now, this part is also pretty simple. You just do the exact same thing in like the opposite direction. So, here's our, oh, let me tilt you down just a hand. Share we go. So, we've got our working yarn right here and we're just going to take this one, pick it up, make a loop, pull it through. Just like that right there and you're going to just keep going. Well, well, hang on a step, a step. Before we get into that, you'll tie yourself off and you won't be able to do this part in the center. So, we've got to do the part in the center first. I forgot. Okay. So, what you're going to do is you're going to grab the four in the center. So, the two from this side and the two from this side. And you're going to kind of go, you can see where the middle is going to be right in this area. Going to go right just above it and make one square knot. Okay. About like that right there. Now, what you're going to do is you're going to take the two right beside it and then the two in the left side or the right side, which everyone you choose to start with. And you're going to make another square knot right below this one. This is going to give us like a little diamond pattern. Now, you're going to do the same thing on the other side. And once you get to the bottom here, you're going to take the two from the left side and two from the right side, split it just like we have been doing. Then you just repeat that on both sides and then I'll check back with you. I forgot I needed to show you how to tie it off at the end. So, okay. What's going to happen is once you finish both sides, you're going to end up with two ropes. And I've already tied this one around here, but you essentially do it the same exact way. You're going to end up with two ropes at the bottom, both working you, both of the working ropes. So, you can either go over under, it doesn't matter, but you're going to do the same exact thing and do another loop. Pretend like this is the working rope still and this is the one underneath it. You're just going to connect them like that. So, just over, pull through, make another loop, pull through, and pull to the top. And you got yourself a little point. So that makes sense. Oh, it takes a lot of time, especially if you don't really know how to de-macramame if you're not familiar with it and like your hands don't really know how to flip-flop the ropes back and forth. It can be a little time consuming. So just be patient with it because you can get it. You can do it. For this part what we're going to do, see the little, we got the diamonds in the middle. And we're going to make diamonds in the middle, diamonds in the middle. So, get those four reps in the center again. And tie you a little square knot. We're all about there. Two and two. Repeat that on the other side. Okay, so now you can see that this portion right here, it's going to be the top portion just like this is. So now we're just going to make the bottom and it's literally the same exact thing that we did on the other one. You're just going to take the rope, the one wrap beside it, and start a wrapping. So we're going to go ahead and make that second rope and then repeat it on that other little square. So that should look something like this. That's the way it's looking right now. We're just going to repeat another row and row and then a row and row. I wanted to do another one here in the center but I don't know if I'm going to if this rope, it might work. We can try. Well, I'll try to do one right here in the center and if it doesn't work then we'll try to figure something out on these corners. Okay, I'm going to try to talk fast because my battery's done. Okay, so what I've done is I've added four ropes onto each end and done this done and I did the square knot just like we did at the beginning. It's going to add a lot more width to the project because it's so long adding a little bit more width will make it just look more balanced and so I'm not going to tie this into any part of this. What I'm going to do with it is I'm going to start a series of square knots kind of fading into this area down through here and same on this side. I think that's what I'm going to do and I'm going to do one side first to see how it looks and I'll show you how to do the other side and they're not tying my batteries. Going to be charging because for some reason I can't find my other two camera batteries. Okay, so I do like how this came out. It just kind of added a little bit more to it but it didn't go below this so it didn't take away from like this in itself. So what we're going to do now I'm just going to show you how to do this. It's super simple. All this is a whole bunch of square knots over and over again. So here we go. Okay, so what I have done is I've left these two from the end off and I have made one little square knot kind of even with this section over here a little bit lower. So just make yourself a little square knot. All right and then what I've done is I've taken the two from that square knot and then the two over here. Tied another little square knot kind of diagonal to it right underneath it. Like that. And then I do that same exact thing all the way into this first all the way into this first little knot of this second row right here. So just taking the two from that left over one and the two beside it and making some square knots. Okay, then you're going to go over here to the side and those two that we left out earlier we're going to attach to these two and so we're going to make that same kind of square knot right beside this one. And as you go you'll also be able to see that same little diamond pattern that's been throughout the whole piece. So same thing two from that side, two on the side. And we're going to do this seven times. Okay, now once you've done that we're going to go back up to this top part and this part can kind of get a little tricky. So as you're going to make one of these square knots again but you're going to make it level with this one rather than this one. So it's going to be, let me see me answer you and see. I'm sorry it's getting dark. Let's see if I can turn the eye so up a little bit. So same square knot but it's going to have this little funky loop over here on the side. That's okay you're going to leave it there and make sure that square knot is level with this one over here and that will be able to continue that same diamond pattern. So then you pick out the two on that left over to beside it and repeat. And we're going to do this one four times. So that's two. Here is what the finished piece itself looks like before we add flowers. And I think this is beautiful on its own. Oh my goodness, I love it. It's very long and let's just let me see if I can back you up so you can see how big it really is. You can see the fringe at the bottom and the different levels of it and that's from the rope's not being even but I absolutely love the way that looks. You don't have to do that. Oh my gosh, I love it. I think it is so beautiful. Now it's time to add the flowers so you can see the full effect. Oh my gosh, is this not the most beautiful thing ever? Okay so the flowers you can definitely tweak and adjust. The ones on this side is a little bit wonky. Hang on, let me fix that. Have whatever flowers, wherever you want them. Is that not beautiful? Heavenly day, I love it. Let me try and the exposure down so you can see a little bit better. Oh my gosh. But you can adjust flowers. You can do whatever you want to but this is it and I'm obsessed with it. This is so beautiful. Oh my gosh, you know what you can use this for it is just oh gosh, it is glorious. Oh my gosh, you can see it hang on on the wall and it just looks phenomenal. I'm so happy with it. I'm a lot more pleased with it. Then I even thought I was going to be a keep looking at it. It is beautiful. Oh my goodness. Alright so that is the end of the video. I really hope that you enjoyed it. I'm obsessed with this project. Absolutely. Love it. It's probably one of my favorite ones I've done so far. The flowers are just the best little touch that you can do to it. So if you like this video, give me a big old thumbs up and if you do decide to make this project, make sure you snap a click of it and you can tag me at Chelsea K. Saddler on Instagram or you can comment in the comments below and you know tell me where you posted it or something and I can go check it out. I really really hope you like this video and just thank you so much for watching. Hope you all have a great day and God bless.