 Hey guys, how's it going? Today I'm going to be doing a major closet clean out. I figure since spring is here, there's no better time than to do a little bit of spring cleaning and I wanted to start on my closet because it is just, there's way too much going on there. I am like one of the biggest clothing orders in the entire world and I think it's about time that I just do a major clean out and get rid of absolutely everything that I do not wear that I haven't touched in years. So that is what I'm going to be doing and I'll just be sharing a couple of my tips with you guys as I go through my closet. So starting off, you definitely want to set aside a big chunk of your day to do this because it is going to take a little while, especially if you've been hoarding close for years like I have. So you want to make sure you have the time and you can just put all of your effort into doing that for the day. But then what you're going to want to do is grab a big box or a bunch of garbage bags that you can put everything in that you're not wanting to keep. And then I always like to put on some music just so I have a little bit of entertainment while I'm cleaning everything out. So the first tip that I have for you when you're going to be doing a job like this is to literally take absolutely everything out of your closet. Just take it all out, put it on your bed that way you see what you have to work with and leave no stragglers behind, rip out all your drawers, take everything off the hangers, and then you just have it all there right in front of you so you know what you're working with. So this was my entire closet that I just laid out on my bed. So the first thing that I did to tackle the pile on my bed was just take things from the top or whatever I could see that I knew already that I wanted to give away. And then I just started filling up the box. Tip number two that I have for you as well is always check the pockets of your clothes before you give them away because you never know what you might have left inside. So the box that I had actually filled up pretty quickly. So from there I wanted to sort my entire pile of clothing into three separate piles. So one that would be for yeses, one for babies, and then one for nose. So these were the three piles that I ended up with and from there you know you have the nose which you're going to be donated, you have the yeses which you're going to go back in your closet. But the hardest part is the maybe because these are the things that you're really torn up on. And if you're like me then this is the biggest struggle for you because you want to hang on to everything but you know you shouldn't. So just a few things that I try to consider when I'm going through the babies is number one. Does it have any rips in it or does it look really worn down? If it does get rid of it you're not going to wear it again or it looks really ratty so you probably shouldn't wear it again. And then have you even worn this item in the last year or can you even remember the last time you've worn this item? If you can't you should probably just get rid of it. And if it's been in the last year maybe try it on again, see how it fits. If you're still kind of iffy with it once you've tried it on you should probably just ditch it because unless you absolutely love it you shouldn't hang on to it. Another thing to keep in mind while you're sorting through the babies is do you have something already that's very similar to this item that you're keeping. Like for me I literally had four black blazers. Like why? So I picked out my favorite black blazer and I got rid of the other three. There's absolutely no point of having more than one item that's very similar. Every time that I clean up my closet there's always those few pieces that I have hung on to for a year after year. And I think there was one piece that I had for about six years I kept it and I never ever re-war that piece and I always thought that I would. So this time I really tried to be a little more ruthless while I was cleaning things out and just getting rid of things that even I was kind of iffy about because I feel like those iffy pieces are always those pieces that you'll never end up turning back to. So really focus on keeping pieces that you absolutely love that you're comfortable in and that you know that you'll re-war again. So I wound up clearing out that one big box full of things and then five garbage bags as well and it honestly feels so good. I actually have space in my closet. I can see everything that I have and it just makes things so much easier. So I think I'm going to move on to clearing out a lot of my accessories and then I also want to do my apartment and just get rid of the clutter. It's springtime and I'm in that mode so I might as well write. So I hope you guys liked this video and learned a few new tips on how to get rid of things from your closet and I will see you guys next week in my next video. Bye!