 The heavy infestation is not common, how center pay desks can survive indoors, if the conditions are favorable. This article provides some tips to get rid of these center pay desks. Center pay desks have often been viewed as dreadful creatures. It is said that, center pay desks are beneficial, as they feed on other household pests, like termites, silverfish, moss, and roaches. They also feed on the root feeding insect grubs in the garden, and save our valuable plants. However, all these benefits and ever made center pay desks a welcome guest in households. In fact, most of the centipede species live outdoors, especially in damperies, like tree barks, mulch, beneath stones, and in the foundation of buildings. Only a few species are really dangerous, and can inflict harmful bites. How center pay desks, catagiricaleotrata, are an exception to this, as they spend most of their life inside buildings. They are commonly seen in some regions as a household pest. How center pay desks are not considered harmful. But are beneficial, as they feed on many pests. While most people detest how center pay desks, there are some, who are afraid of these creatures. Tips to get rid of house center pay desks. Unlike the harmful types, how center pay desks have yellowish grey bodies and long, fragile legs. Usually, they have a body length of around one and one half to two inches. Here are some tips to get rid of these center pay desks. Damnedness is one of the important elements needed by house center pay desks for survival. So, keep your house free of dampness, by cleaning damperies with baking soda. You can also use a detamitifier for this purpose. Get rid of the pests, as center pay desks in the house feed on them. They are normally found in places with abundant food sources, like pests and leftover food. Apart from eliminating pests, like moths, termites, and roaches. Make sure to vacuum the interior daily, so as to eliminate these center pay desks. You have to ensure that the cracks and crevices are sealed properly, so that they do not have enough hiding places. Even the entry points, like gaps in and around the doors and windows, must be sealed. You may also use screens on windows. You can use traps and other chemicals for getting rid of center pay desks. The most commonly used one is a sticky trap. Place those sticky fly paper traps along the corners and other areas frequented by house center pay desks. Even some of the commonly used insecticides and boric acid are said to be useful in eliminating them. In short, you can get rid of house center pay desks with these simple methods. You may also hire professionals, in case of heavy infestation. Start with natural methods, so as to cause minimal environmental impact. Otherwise too, natural methods are preferred to chemicals, if there are kids and pets in your family.