 Hi ladies, welcome back to my channel. So today I have something different for you guys. I'm going to be sharing with you how I clean baby sedenius toys. And as you can see here, I have a mixture of different essential oils. We're not a mixture of a different essential oils that I use just dependent on what I feel like. And these are all safe for babies. I remind you to please do your research before using them. And I also use pure castel soap. And usually it's just a few drops and this vinegar cleaning solution here. And what I usually do is I first clean out this sink real good. And then I prepare the water. I put the water in and then I put in. I just pour, I don't really measure the vinegar. I just pour a little bit and probably half a cup of vinegar. And I am not using that much water because I'm not cleaning that many toys today. So you will see that the sink is not full. It's kind of like a third of the way full. And I chose lavender essential oil to use today. And here I am putting in about 10 to 15 drops. It just depends on how much water, how many toys and how clean or dirty they are. And I usually let it sit for five to 10 minutes. It just depends on if I'm doing something or not. And then I just swirl around. Make sure they are getting nice and saturated. And here I take a cloth that has a texture inside and it's moves out to clean the toys with. And then once I clean them I put them over in the other sink to rinse the clean and solution off. And that's usually hot water as well. And for toys that can't really be saturated in the water, I just take the cloth. And I just clean the toy thoroughly without soaking it in the water. So I just take the cloth and just thoroughly clean it with the solution on there. And I usually rinse it with the cloth as well and then put it over to dry. And I usually do this about once a week or sometimes more depending on the atmosphere and what's going on and how she's been using them. And yeah. And next I'm going to show you how I sanitize this toy instead of using a claw rocks. This is a bottle with water and vinegar and some of the essential oil in there. And sometimes instead of just taking the cloth and wiping it, I will use the solution to spray the toy and then just wipe it clean with the cloth and then set it over to air dry. So that way it gets sanitized. So thank you guys for watching this video and until the next one.