 Hey guys, it's Dana. Welcome back to another episode of this Silic Girls Kitchen. On this week's episode we're making this reindeer chow, aka muddy buddies, aka puppy chow. If you don't know what puppy chow is, it is Czech's mix that is coated in melted butter, melted chocolate, melted peanut butter, and then toss in powdered sugar. It is so, so good and for a fun holiday twist to make it reindeer chow, hello, we're adding fun colorful holiday M&Ms. and you know what, you better leave some of this out because those reindeer's they got to eat too. So let's get started. So we're just gonna recipe, we're gonna need Czechs of course. But I actually like to get the crispets because I like to opt to go on shape that's totally up to you. You can get rice or corn and the crispets is actually a mix of rice and corn. So I just like to get that, you get what you want. You need peanut butter, unsalted butter, we also need just a touch of vanilla. So my sweet chocolate chips, powdered sugar, a lot of powdered sugar, and holiday M&Ms. Now this recipe is totally optional with the M&Ms, but that's really what makes it reindeer chow. So it's really up to you. I love it as a snack year round, just as is. You can even put regular M&Ms in it. You can even put peanut butter M&Ms in it. I might have to try that one next. Okay, so let's get cooking. This is really an easy recipe. There's not much cooking to it, but we do have to melt the butter with the peanut butter and mix that together. So we're going to put that into the microwave at 32nd intervals until it's nice and melty and smooth together. Alright, so this was in the microwave. I put it on two different intervals of 30 seconds. So now we're just going to mix that together until nice and smooth and incorporated. Alright, so that comes together super quick. So now we're just going to use our semi-sweet chocolate chips. We're just going to put those in there a little bit at a time until they get all melted in there. And this might need to go back into the microwave. So we're just going to see. Okay, now we're going to stir in the vanilla extract, or vanilla bean paste, which I love to use. Okay, so the next two steps are kind of tedious. We're going to have to first mix the chocolate mixture into the cereal. So we're going to put a little bit of chocolate at a time right into the cereal. Mix it all up and then put a little bit more. Mix it a little bit more. We want to do that just to make sure all the cereal gets coated in the chocolate. So if there's not like a clump of chocolate, there's a clump of cereal with no chocolate. So you get the drift. So let's get started on that. I would say this is a great step for the kids to get involved. I mean, actually this whole recipe is amazing for kids to help, but they're going to get messy. Just this morning. It might look like there's like way too much chocolate, but once you get mixing, you're going to probably want to add even more. But this is a perfect ratio of butter to peanut butter to chocolate. I'm just going to forget that vanilla. Don't worry about breaking up the cereal. It's going to happen. You've got to make sure the chocolate mixture is still warm when you do this. Or else it's going to be really hard to mix the other. Alright, that looks good to me. Next is the really messy part. Okay, don't say I didn't warn you. We're really going in for the really messy part now. We're going to mix the chocolatey cereal with powdered sugar in a bag. And powdered sugar is probably going to go everywhere just a warning. It's going to be worth it though. So I actually, when I was going to go out my mom, always do this. She would actually take her bag from the grocery store. And we would shake all the cereal with the powdered sugar in that. And it actually goes a whole lot faster and it coats it a lot easier. But thinking back on that, it might maybe not the best idea just because you never know what could have been in one of those bags or something at the store. So I mean, go for it. If you want to, it is going to be a whole lot faster. And I've done it my whole life and nothing ever happened. But you just never know. So what I'm going to do today, this is the first time I've actually tried this, is I'm going to put it into just a ziplock baggie. So I'm actually putting a little bit of powdered sugar first down into the bag. So we'll get super chocolatey right on the bottom and kind of get the bag extra messy. So I'm just going to put a couple cups of this into here. You want to make sure there's enough room for the cereal to move around to get coated in the powdered sugar. Now, the recipe calls for 45 cups of powdered sugar. It really just depends on how much you need. So don't really go by that. Just buy a new bag of powdered sugar because you're going to go through a lot of it. So you see how I kind of layer it there in the bag? This is how I do it in the paper bags as well. So actually make sure there's a little bit of air left in the bag because air in the bag actually makes it for there's more room for the stuff to move around. So let's get shake it. It's actually worked really good. But as you can see, we just did a little bit. I think I'm going to add a little bit more next time. Wow, actually actually worked really good. Let's check it out. Yeah, see, it looks really good. It's nice and coated. Let's just have a little taste. I'm telling you guys, this is the best snack. We always have it during the holidays. I don't know why. It's so good. I need to make it like all your own. Oh, it's so good. Okay, now I'm going to finish the rest of it and then the extra holiday special little twist will come at the very end. Okay, now for the fun holiday touch. This is only about half of the puppy chow. It made so much that I have to put in two separate containers. So I'm not going to show you both containers. This is just one of them. And the special holiday touch are these holiday M&Ms are so pretty, red and green. So I'm going to put half of these into half of the puppy chow. Yay! And a nice little touch. And like I said, you could y'all put regular M&Ms, any flavor M&Ms you like, peanut M&Ms, peanut butter M&Ms. I'm just going to toss the coat. There you go. And as you can see, there's not a ton of M&Ms in here, but feel free to double it, triple it, whatever you like. I just like to have a little touch of M&Ms every once in a while because the real star of this, I'm sorry to say, is the puppy chow itself. Alright guys, I told you it was going to be easy. I didn't lie. It's so easy, maybe a little messy, but it's totally worth it. Leave me. And I really hope I've inspired you guys today to make this ring your chow. You can get the little ones involved. Or just make it for your friends and family, like I do every season. I know you're going to love it. And remember, there's links down below in the description box. They'll take you directly to this full principal written recipe on this is like GirlsKitchen.com. And remember to subscribe if that notification bell, because every single Wednesday, we have a new recipe right here on YouTube. So I hope you guys enjoyed this one and I'll see you next week. Bye guys.