 Hi this is Shripprakhanda and welcome to Sanjeev Kapoor Khazana. Today I am going to make chilli galik lamb chops for you and for that we need ginger garlic paste, chopped garlic, garam masala, lemon juice, finely chopped green chillies, chilli flakes, coriander seeds, turmeric powder, salt, Kashmiri red chilli powder, yogurt, refined flour, lamb chops and oil. So let's start by marinating the lamb chops. In a big bowl I am going to add lemon juice, salt and marinate the lamb chops for at least half an hour. This is the first marination and this is a tenderizer. So it is going to tenderize the mutton which will help in the cooking process and will fast in the cooking process. So I keep it on the side. While the lamb chops are getting tenderized I am going to roast the whole coriander seeds. So in a pan let the pan be hot. Once it gets hot I am going to dry roast this. If you are using any kind of whole spices in your mutton other than what I am using I am using whole coriander seeds. But if you want to add cardamom and say cinnamon it works well. The pan has to be really hot when you are dry roasting the spices. So it is hot enough and I am going to roast it. A lot of people ask me why do you dry roast the spices. Actually the oils which the spices have in the flavours they actually accentuate when they are dry roasted. So if you want to use any spice in the best way it has to be dry roasted and then pound or ground into like fine powder in the mixer. This is done. Now I am going to pound it. We just costly need to do it. Now I am going to add green chillies to it which are already finely chopped. To this I am going to add turmeric powder. Here goes the ginger garlic paste, garam masala. This is Kashmiri red chilli powder. Now this is to be added to the lamb chops. I am just going to mix it well so that all the pieces are properly coated with the spices. So this is my second marination and this will stay on for half an hour. So I am going to keep it on the side for another half an hour. After half an hour it will look like this. And to this I am going to add the finely chopped garlic since it is chilli garlic, lamb chops and chilli flakes. So it is going to be really fiery. Now we will mix it well and I am going to add 1 tbsp of oil. If you want you can add mustard oil or olive oil to it but I am adding refined oil to it. Mix it well. At this stage you can actually put it in the oven and bake it for at least 45 minutes but I am going to make it in a grilling pan. I am going to add yogurt to this and a quick mix again. So I have added the yogurt and this is going to stand for another half an hour. So you see after half an hour it looks like this and it is actually looking very tender because yogurt is also tenderizer. At this stage I am going to add refined flour to this. Refined flour actually helps in getting the entire flavours together and they will stick on the lamb chops. Here we are. This is ready. Now at this stage you can again put it in the oven for 45 minutes or else like me. I am making it on a grilling pan and whenever you are cooking on a grilling pan the only thing that you have to keep in mind is that it should be really hot. Because only if it is really hot you will get the grilling marks on the non-veg or breads or whatever you are making in the grilling pan. So I am going to add a little bit of oil. Just evenly spread it with a pastry brush and now I am going to put my lamb chops. And I have spooned a little bit of marination on top. So now you can see this is properly grilled. You can see the grilling marks on and I am going to plate it. With some onion rings, fresh coriander leaves and your chilli garlic lamb chops are ready to be served. Thank you for watching.