 You know, welcome to Todd's Kitchen. If you love pancakes or hotcakes depending on your country then I guarantee you got a lot of days' recipe. Not only taste fantastic, it looks fantastic too. So join me today as I make my version of Red Velvet pancakes. Okay, so I'll start off with, we're going to sift through two cups of plain flour. And a white cup of icing sugar or powdered sugar. And a half a cup of cocoa. And a baking powder. A white card soda. And a pitchers salt. Then just give it a quick mix just to combine the ingredients. Okay, so next into a bowl we're going to crack in two eggs. And today we're going to add in half a cup of castor sugar or super fine sugar. Then one and a half cups of buttermilk. Now if you can't get buttermilk, you can use normal milk. Just add a bit of cream to it. Okay, what we're going to do is just whisk this just until the sugar is completely dissolved. Okay, now that the sugar has been dissolved, we're just going to add in about two tablespoons of red food coloring. And we're just going to mix that through. Okay, so using a spoon or a stand mixer on low, what we're going to do is just start beating and slowly add in the liquid mixture as we go. Okay, we're not going to overbeat this. We just want to beat it just enough so it's what combined. Okay, so we've got a frying pan on the stove. Now it's on medium heat. So for each hot cake, we just want to get some cooking spray oil and just oil pan. It's just a super matter of pouring your pancake right on. Okay, so we're going to cook this side. This side it's going to be about say two to three minutes, once bubble stuff forming on the top. And it starts to go slightly dry on the outside. That means it's ready to turn over. Okay, now we have our stack of red velvet pancakes. Now just add a bit of flame. I'm just going to get some more icing sugar. And I'm just going to sprinkle some just on top. Okay, now you can either choose a whipped cream or ice cream, but personally, I'm going to try some maple syrup. Yummy. I'm going to give one of these a try. Mmm. Oh, that is so good. There's nothing better than red velvet pancakes. You're the lovely pancake taste with the outer chocolate, and adding that red food coloring really does set it off. You can get a much deeper richer red color by using the powder food coloring, as opposed to the liquid food coloring which I've used. Although you've only got the liquid stuff, so that's just what I used. And to be honest, it still works out fine. But when you use the liquid or the powder, these pancakes are going to taste simply delish. And they are so much better than just regular old pancakes. So make these for your friends one morning because if I guarantee, they're going to love them. Thank you for watching this episode of Todd's Kitchen. And let's have your greetings down below, as well as links to my Facebook, Twitter and Google plus pages. Please do me a huge favor by giving this video a thumbs up and leave a comment. And I'll see you next time for another delicious recipe.