 Alright, one thing I want to note is I want to note to you guys is about my measuring cups. See this? I have a beautiful set of these. Let me show you. So this is, I have two of these. Oops, crazy drawers. And you can see all the crap I have. That's just sort of usable immediately if I need it. And I have this set of measuring cups. This goes like this. And there's another one in here somewhere. And then I have the little other ones that are like this. I'm going to catch in with my small hands. I'm going to show you. Like this. They're all around here somewhere. Anyhow, I want to make a really quick note. I have the other ones, but they're scattered somewhere. I want to make a note about these measuring cups. So these cups are actually, my friend has a company called Kitchen Joraplast. And he sells these measuring cups. And I want to say, he said these to me to see what they were like for free. And I got to say, like, I was like, oh, whatever. They're going to be really measuring cups. But you guys, I've had lots of measuring cups in the past. I've had like plastic ones where the numbers wear off. And I just have to sort of hope I remember that this is the half cup. You know what I mean? Or is this the quarter? And then I've had other ones that are really fancy looking like this. This is a William Sonoma half or whatever, which is great. Except this is a little bit hard to see. They're kind of an awkward shape. But guys, okay, I'm plugging these now because I've had some time to use them. And these are my favorite measuring cups I've ever had. They're super accurate. Like, first of all, I think they're like super accurate to measure by. And also, I, what, I didn't realize this. I didn't know that this was going to happen. But over time, my brain started to recognize the color for the measurement. And now it's so easy to find the cup that I'm looking for because I just looked for the color. And it doesn't wear off of the stupid handle like the other one I had. And it's not like so tiny to see that you can't even see it. Like, look at the other ones. These ones are, well, this one didn't wear off. But the other ones wore off. This is like impossible to see almost. And, and I really just like the shape of one. I think it's a perfect shape for measuring. You get like a, you can do like a really easy heaping one if you need to. But you start to just learn even like see this, this coordinates like half a, tables one, half a cup. One tablespoon, one cup. So you get used to the, sorry, the green being the one, you know, the pink being the half, et cetera. It's so convenient, you guys.