 What's up, parto nation? So just see what I've titled. We are going to show you how to enhance your wood fires by using big fire. What space it does is color changes your stuff and color flames to any wood fire simply drop a few packets on your campfire. And if you want to fire your backyard fire pit watch amazing colors. But what it looks like is a whole box of them. Quite a few packs. So since you see Harley's amazed by the fire because it's nice and warm for him. Have a pretty good fire going. You know wood stoves usually once a while you want to burn it real hot. They help burn up any creosil and you build up in case you wouldn't perfectly season or not. So I usually do is I like to burn real hot as you use these fake wood bricks. Biomass bricks, wood bricks are compressed basically of sawdust and stuff. But they burn really hot. As you see see the focus in on it. Let's see. You see it says 500 now so that's a pretty pretty hot fire going. So what I'm going to do is open this up. We're going to toss a couple packets in and see how long it takes. Watch out Harley. Some hot stuff. Whoo. Oh boy. Oh, the full instant. You can start to start seeing the top of the top there. The colors are starting to change. Though I see it more in my eyes than I do with this camera right now. Oh, there we go. Now you see the blue really starting to show up. I mean, it looks real a lot more vibrant when you're looking at it. So it gets the camera doesn't pick it up as well. But you can see a lot of color change. I got two packets in there. Pretty cool something different to look at. So if you're having like a little many campfire going on or people are on the fire pit, you want to add some stuff to make people stare at it. Well, I did the mystic fire before, but this is the big fire. It definitely kind of cool to have, especially in the summertime. All right. What do you think, Harley? Hey, buddy. What do you think? You stand warm? Yeah. What do you bug? Bug bug. Hey. Bug bug. Up here. All right. That's a good girl. All right. Well, that's your big fire. Add some color to your fire babies. There we go. All right, guys. Have fun. All right. It's hard to see in the camera, but we're actually about 20 minutes in. And I'm still seeing some blue flames. You kind of see them flicker back there. You can see it better than I. Camera kind of focuses more on the orange kind of weird. But there is still some blue going on. We are 20 minutes in. I started at 920. We are at zoom in over there. We are at 940, almost 20 minutes already. And we're still rocking some colored flames. I tried different setting next time. I mean, you still can see them bouncing around in there a little bit. There's actually more than that. It's hard to say with this camera. It's kind of funny. HD camera, but it doesn't pick up that blue in there that well. Woo. That's hot. But I mean, it is almost gone. But you figure 20 minutes for two packs. It's quite a long time. I wonder if you throw. How bright it would be throwing like 4, 8, 10 packs, and see what it looks like. All right, guys. Not bad for that stuff. Two packs would say 20 minutes. Still getting some decent color out of it. But all right. You guys take care of it. Just want to do the little update for the end of it.