 Hi guys, it's Sandy and I'm back with another slime video today. I'll be making lotion slime and I also have a playlist of slime videos. If you want to check it out, I'll link it down below. I'm just taking some clear glue and pouring that into my bowl. Now I'm taking my lotion. It's called the Bird Spees Radiant Spotty Lotion. I'm screwing some into my glue. Now this was my first try testing this lotion out and I wanted to see if I could make slime with just glue and lotion but that did not work. It just become really liquidy. So I'm just pouring some more glue because I wanted my slime to be bigger. So the solution to this is that you need to add baking soda and I just added a teaspoon of baking soda into the mixture and it's just like contact lens solution where you need baking soda for that to make the slime. It's the same thing. You need the baking soda. After you stir in the baking soda, you can see that the mixture is less liquidy and you'll start to become more like slime. So I'm pouring more of the lotion because it was still sticky and I'm really sorry about the out of focus here because it's kind of hard to film alone and trying to focus at the same time when your hands are still messy but I promise you the next few clips are not out of focus. So as you can see the magic happened and it's starting to form into slime. It's starting to clean up my bowl. I'm adding more glue just because I just thought the slime was a little too small. And I'm adding more lotion because it's still sticky. And more lotion. And by the way, this lotion smells amazing. Like I really love the smell. I couldn't have obsessed with it. And the reason why this lotion works is because it has sodium borate. If you don't know what sodium borate is, it's just a fancy scientific name for borax. Fun fact for you guys. Quite a few of the bird species products have sodium borate in them. I did my research and I noticed that. So after it's not sticking anymore, you can start kneading it with your hands and playing with it. I also added some food coloring. This is optional. You do not need to. But you know, I like my slime to have some color. You can also blow bubbles with this. I love it. And it smells amazing. Thank you guys so much for watching. Give this video a thumbs up if you want me to do more, but technically I will do more. Subscribe so that you'll be notified when I make a new video. Okay, bye.