 What's going on you guys? Today, me and my dad were asked to make a plexiglass box for one of our friends, for a stand for something. So my dad thought, you had a good idea if I filmed it so everybody could see how we did it. So here we have some cut and pre-pollaged plexiglass you got from work. Some acrylic glue, this is a special glue that will only stick to plexiglass, nothing else. A 22 gauge needle and syringe and over and out of drug eat, got there from work as well. And a couple squaring tools just to make sure that plexiglass is absolutely square. When you're working with plexiglass you want to make sure that it is absolutely square because if you go down most chances are that you won't be able to get it back off. Alright, so now he's just using the syringe to kind of get a couple areas down just that it will stay by itself without us having to hold it. Alright now we're just going to use some masking tape to take down the sides. Once again checking that it is square. Alright now he's going over the entire plexiglass as we know that's a flood. We just take this syringe and just kind of press it down and see go right across the plexiglass. Right there he was just holding it down so the glue has time to set. And here is just taping it down again just so he doesn't have to hold it the entire time. Again just applying a little bit of glue with a few spots so it will stand up. And now he's doing a flood which is just going on the entire thing and pressing the syringe down. Now when you're working with plexiglass it's important that you don't glue on the tape because if you do it will make a big mess over the glue. So now that it's stable he's taking off the tape and then doing a flood at one more piece. Again doing a flood on that other piece just to make sure that it is all secure. Alright this piece is wiping down with alcohol make sure it's dry and able to stick because there's some monnet plexiglass that might now be able to stick correctly to the glue. And Mary's just taping it down again. And then using the syringe to go over a few areas. Once that sets it's just going to do a flood of it. Alright now we're just checking for any areas you might have missed. I got the most corners. Doing a flood down that piece again and down this piece again. Alright now all we have to do is just peel that brown piece off and we're done. So thank you guys for watching. If you enjoyed this video please leave a thumbs up. And as always have a nice day. See you guys later. Bye.