 Hi, I'm Meg Galvin with Spark Recipes with your tip for the day from Nice Skills and we're going to make tomato conca say, which is French. French translation means crushed, but in culinary world we actually, we changed it up just a little bit because we want to have a visible cut. So what I'm doing is just taking out the stem and I'm marking the bottom with an X. I have some boiling water ready to go. Another French term is mesen plus and the mesen plus means have some boiling water ready to go and an ice bath because we're going to boil the tomato to start with and then we're going to shock it in some cold water. What you're looking for in this nice skill is a deceded, skinned and chopped tomato. A lot of your recipes for like guacamole salsa or if you're canning tomatoes, you really want to do this. The skin of a tomato is actually non-digestible. So it's very tough and we want to pull it off. Now when you're looking at it in the boiling water, there's really no gauge of time. You're trying to look at it and see when it just starts to kind of pull away from the flesh, you're good to go and immediately you want to take it and put it in some ice water. So these are Roma tomatoes but you could do it with any same technique with any kind of variety of tomato. Okay, we're ready to go. See this guy here? If you go any longer than that, you're going to cook the tomato and all we want to do is just peel off that skin. So this is a great technique. I'm sure you're going to use it a lot. The nice thing too is once we take off this skin, this skin is a usable scrap, usable byproduct because if we wanted to, we could roast off these skins and get great flavor for some stews and some sauces. So don't throw this away. You could freeze it, put it in a little baggy and freeze it and every time you do this, save them and eventually you'll have enough and almost makes like a tomato paste product. So skins all off. So then you're going to come in and basically take off the top just a tiny bit, take off the bottom and we're going to reserve that. Bring it a little bit closer to you, come down the center, pivot and come around. And what we're doing now is we're taking out all of those seeds. You might see people do this that they come in and with their hands and just grab them all out, well seeds go everywhere. So with just that one swoop, we have all of our seeds gone. So we get a beautiful knife cut, so flip it over and if you want you can straighten up the edges just like that. And I'm going to take it down to a little bit and then curb your fingers over thumb under. Nice little cuts and these are called julians and then we're going to come back and give it another little cut. So it's a beautiful knife skill, very versatile, used for lots of dishes. Tomato conca say.