 We're going to make this really cool ant farm and I'll spin it around so you can see what it is. It's made out of two CD cases, clear ones, and you can get an idea of what it looks like on the top here. And that is what we're going to be doing. These are materials that we're going to be using. An easy way to deal with this is we're going to have a list of materials for you that you can go ahead and get off the website. But in the meantime, you can get an idea. You just freeze the frame. You can see that we have everything from aluminum foil to several kinds of cutters, ruler, metal ruler for cutting. Make sure you get your CD cases, which are really important. These are the ones you can get at the thrift store. Old music CD cases are great. You need soil. And soil needs to come from the area that the ants were collected so that they're in their same kind of environment. And this is a beaker for measuring, but you could use anything else. It could just be a regular measuring cup that would work fine. Paper towels for a little bit of cleaning. And that would be it. The first thing we're going to do is we're going to take the inner piece out of the CD cases. Open up the CD case. I'm just going to pop that piece out. Let's see if I can get it without breaking it or anything else. There you go. You can do that. That one was done. You do the same thing on the other case. Have two empty cases. And two inserts. So the next thing we're going to do is we're going to be putting in the hole that's located inside of the container. So we're going to let the ants get in and out of the container. So I'm going to take one of those CD cases and we're going to put the bottom part of the hole right where there's a natural little opening in the CD case. So the top CD case is going to sit on one underneath. We're going to line it up so that there's going to be a hole that goes through one of the holes in the lower case. That's going to line up with this natural opening here on the case. We're going to reposition the top case onto the one underneath at a diagonal. And then while I'm holding that, I'm going to take a pen. I'm going to mark the location of that hole. The next step is going to be to drill that hole in the plastic. You could, if you have a homemaker that has a drill, you could use a drill, but you have to be very careful because it's very brittle plastic and crack. It's actually easier to use the knife. We're going to use an exacto hack. And this is where we want to make sure that if you're young or not really good with sharp instruments, you should have someone around supervise and make sure no one gets hurt. I'm just going to take the exacto knife and actually drill a hole. Okay. So now I've got, oh, there it is. So then I need to get the bottom set ready so that that hole corresponds to an opening in the bottom case, right? So on this piece, what I'm going to do is I'm going to enlarge this part right here. I'm going to score along those edges. Okay. Okay. So there's a hole in this side. Okay. We also need to make sure that the plastic on the opposite side is also removed about half size there. Okay. So to do that, I open this up again, right here. Okay. There we go. Oh, there. So the next thing we're going to do is we're going to make a cover for the farm. So what you can see right here is a nice shiny aluminum foil cover that will keep light out from the inside of the farm. So when you're not looking at it, just covers the farm really well. We're going to take some aluminum foil and we're just going to take out a nice long strip of that. We'll put that on. We'll put that on. Okay. And then I'm going to take the sticky case. Yeah. Put that in the middle. Use that as a guide to wrap it up with a foot fold. And then we're going to put that out. Put that in the middle. It looks good. And then we're going to put that in the middle. Tiny up the edges a little bit here. Eventually that will be wrapped around. Okay. So we need to seal some of the holes on the bottom case. So hold here. And also hold right here. So we're going to use packing tape to do that. Cut that strip of that. And then I'm going to put that on to the bottom of the case. Okay. And then we'll put that on the side up. We'll score. And we'll go ahead. And then we'll just do it. Okay. Good. And actually for the other side, what I'm going to do is I'm going to put that right across the top. This one is temporary. So I'm just going to leave it like that. Eventually we're going to have to take it off so that the ants can get through this hole. So right now we're putting it on so we can fill this dirt. Okay.