 Hey, welcome to another episode cooking David. Today is Jack's first juxtapess and a pretty tight game. Every play is pretty much like a highlight reel. I'm kind of torn about the game as I'm from New Jersey. But I'm going to say Coach Jack's. So today we're going to make some short ribs on the grill. Let's bring that out here. See I've got McGreill going here. I mean self clean mode of course. Heating it up before I clean it with my cleaning utensil down there. Alright, let's go see what we've got in the grill. We've got the grater. You've got the chicken right here. You've got the chicken. Before you put it on the grill. In my parboiled water I've got some herbs. I've got some garlic. And I've got some on it. So you know parboiled that for maybe five minutes. We don't want to cook to me. We just want to get a little bit of a start on the meat before it goes on the grill. So I'm just offing it up. Hardening outside. Keep the juices inside for on the grill. We also got some ribs today. We're going to throw on the grill. These are country ribs. You know, as you can see on the 30 shopper they're on special. And we've also got ourselves a nice tea bone. We're going to throw on there well. So it's going to be a good mixed grill today. I'm cooking David. That's Cameron's finger in front of the lens. And we'll see you just a second. Okay, now we've added our chops now, too. Our country ribs. And we're going to parboil them just the same way we did. The chicken, which is now ready for the grill. Okay, parboiled everything. Now we've got our country ribs. We've got our chicken. We're going to put a little dry rub on there. You can make your own dry rub. There's all sorts of taro. You can buy the store. I prefer this rib rod. It's just going to be a style rib. First class. Let me cut that pretty good on the chicken. Ooh! Ah! We're going to live audience today here. Cooking with David. Ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha! You're peeing up, Geller. You know what's called the peanut gallery, doesn't it? Because you can throw peanuts from the cheese cheeks. If the guy here is here, or easy. You're peeing up. You're not supposed to be looking here, you're a geller. You know what they call it, the cheese cheeks. Ha ha ha ha! That'll be enough from the peanut gallery. See when you have a live show like this, you never know what the hell is going to happen. This will serve stuff like beer, tomato juice, with 11 garners beforehand. Mmm! Now we're going to cut the other side here. Always have peanut gallery. Alright, let's go to the grill. The grill's nice and hot. Cleaned it all up. Ready to go. Sanitized it. Pull my ribs up on the top. We're going to require real-world food. Carrying camera now inside the fish. I don't want that chicken over here. Like playing Arnold Zimmer for being in the audience today. I'm going to close that look at that. Jaguar went over the jettos. They say we got a chance to go to the wild card. I asked. And here. We're done with the grill here. Take a look over here. We've got our pork that we put a little of the Peruvian gold grilling sauce on, which is my son's favorite, right cop? Yeah! So we're going to give that a last time. We're going to turn our chicken over one more time just to grill the top a little bit. We've let that grill on the bottom because that bones a good heat shield from the meat and it cooks it all the way through. And then we turn it over. It's just to go ahead and crisp up the top. And we'll pull that off. We'll pull that off and we'll go with some potato salad. We'll go with some potato salad and some fresh Caesar salad and we'll have a one-for-meal cooking David. Thanks. We'll see you next time.