 Hey this is Grandpa DD, I'm going to tell you about a great leather die. It's a product here called leather refinished in color restore. You can get it from a company called Wood End Stuff. That's W-O-O-D dash the letter N dash stuff F-T-U-F. And this is a great product if you've got anything that you need to die. That's leather that's worn out, that lost its color faded. Like I've got an old jacket here. I'm going to give you a quick example on if you've got an old handbag. If you've got leather upholstery in your automobile leather front here or anything leather. This is a great product and I'm going to give you a quick demonstration on how to use it here. This is a really nice leather jacket that's kind of faded a little bit over time and I'm going to take a little bit of this. This is a natural nightfall brown on. By the way they've got 30 or 40 different colors and this is a little applicator. You can get that at Wood End Stuff also and I'm going to give you their phone number and just a second. Look how easy it is. You just rub a little bit on like this. First of all make sure your leather has been cleaned and got all the oil and dirt off of it. But you just rub a little bit on like that. It's quick drying, it's waterproof, it won't rub off, it's flexible. If you get a little bit on a, say I've got another item here I'm going to do right just a second. If you get a little on some metal so you've got a handbag it's not going to stain the metal. It'll come off with a damp cloth and this is already, you can see the difference here is about where I stopped and here's where I did it and that's going to dry to a beautiful sheen. It's going to restore the color back. It's easy to use. It's a great product and like I say I'm going to give you a phone number here. 507-744-2206-507-744-2206. It's a phone number of wooden stuff. You can also email them at WNS which stands for wood and stuff. The letter N-WNS at means.net. That's M-E-A-N-S dot net. And while I've been talking this is just about dry and you can tell the difference it's going to be restored beautifully. So give them a call, go to the website and look at the letter refinish and color restore. Try it out. Check out their colors and I'm going to have another video showing some more of their stuff so that's all for now and I will see you later. Thank you.