 Mark with Segrsteam Clean. I'm working on a bunch of tape residue. That same net was there, it was just over here. I'm using a D'Lammamine with Harvard dissolve hole, which I like the best out of all my stuff. Putting it in that spray bottle, and only about four ounces of D'Lammamine in the rest of the water. I've been trying a little CRBing. I've been trying to give you a little light pre-spray mist again. You want to only keep it on the top of the fiber so you don't dilaminate. This is tape residue on top. I'm finding the best is actually with the old Pro-Kim Hand Tool. You just missed it on. Agitate with the brush. And it's a slow process. You have to adjust probably your invoicing and building accordingly. It's going to take more than one time. It's a slow process, like I say. I've tried pre-spraying and going at it. And this is what's working the best. Then, what you want to do, that's the extract. Make sure it's not residue-soily. You can feel some residue. You attack that area again. And it's slow-ho-ho-going. So only way to do it. Next to that, I am going to do a general cleaning on it. Make sure I'm not leaving any re-soiling issues back. So let me get back to you as soon as I can here. You can try to maybe even finish that up. Somebody doesn't interrupt me with a Facebook message or text message. The phone will stay operational and pause. Okay, I'm feeling pretty good about that. I was down here feeling. I'm trying to feel if there's anything plus. When I start going over it, where's that bad boy? That glided zipper, super spinner, or any one. Any glided one. You'll feel it start to stick and then I'll have to re-address. So I'm just doing this in case I get knocked out of this video before I finish. Well, so far, so good. And harbour dissolve all, watered down. I'll keep going on that. I'm just done doing this. Like, you don't get knocked out of there. Look at that done and get clean and carpet. Well, there we go. That's the harbour dissolve all the news. Got down all these lines. All these edges. Again, when I get a glided one, some nature zipper on that. I'll be able to tell if there's residue. I think I've got... Oh gosh. Watch when dead. I think I have about 10 minutes of that one. So that's the last one I have to go out of all of them. And then I'm going to do a regular cleaning extraction testing. Make sure there's no residue. You guys, gals all have a great day. Puff and puffing because that's a lot of knee work. Hands and knees. That's how you get her done.