 Hey everybody, it's Mickey and in today's video I'm going to show you how easily you can hand wash your sweaters and blouses at home, skip the dry cleaner and help your clothes look like new longer. So you will need just a few things to get started. A large clean dish pan, I found this one at Target, it holds about 12 quarts. You'll also need some preferably white clean towels. And some kind of gentle laundry soap. This glamorous wash is my favorite because it smells so great. To get yourself all set up, fold the towels in half and lay them on a flat surface. I tend to wash most things in cold water, but be sure to check the labels before you get started. Add about a tablespoon of soap to the dish pan and fill it about half way with water. Add your plows to the soapy water and agitate for a few minutes to be sure that you're working the soap all the way through. You can add a little extra soap to any stains that you may have and let the garment soak for about 5 to 10 minutes and then you can begin to rinse. Rinse thoroughly with cold water and squeeze as much soap as you can with each rinse until all the soap is gone. Lay the blouse flat on a clean white towel and slowly roll it up jelly roll style squeezing out water as you go. Let it sit for a few minutes, unroll and put on a hanger to dry. For a sweater the process is about the same. I always button all the buttons and hit it with a lint brush. Check the label for any care instructions and hand wash. Be gentle with knits they can be very sensitive and get stretched out really easily when wet. Always be sure to squeeze the water out and not ring. After rinsing lay this sweater out on a clean white towel and start to roll up squeezing as you go. Then just lay it flat to dry. The best way to get wrinkles out of sweaters is to use one of those hand steamers. Mine is from Conair and I will try to put a link for it down below. I hope this video was helpful for you. You know you really can save a lot of money and wear and tear on your clothing by just hand washing. Thanks so much for watching today and I hope you'll leave me a comment down below. And while you're there don't forget to subscribe. So until I see you in that next video I hope that you love the life that you have and I will see you again soon. Bye!