 Hey there friends, today I'm going to be showing you how to unclog a kinmore front loader washer. Now as you can see this one's in a pretty sorry shape. I'm actually going to open up the, you can see there's some water that's stuck in here. Move this around a little bit and you can see that it's basically not draining. Now the first thing to try is to actually put it on the drain and spin cycle and then hit start on that one. And we tried that a couple of times, it didn't work on this one. So basically we're going to have to look at the draining function. So you really need the first things first is to look at the filter on this thing where the water drains out. I'm guessing that's where the clog is and you get that you have to release this panel here. Now this is where it gets a little bit tricky, especially if you have only one person. As you can see the access point is pretty small. Here's my standard screwdriver that I'm going to be using. And I had to use the longer, more thick tip screwdriver to get in on this. But as you can see, I'm going to get underneath here so you can see there's a couple of access screws that are down right underneath here. Now unfortunately this is too thick. This thing is too thick to get it. So I actually am having to lift up this panel. There's two screws, one on this end and one on the other end. So I'm going to actually lift this up so you can see it a little better. Okay, basically I push this washer up on its back legs. Again be very careful with this. These washers are very heavy. Don't get any hands or fingers stuck underneath here. If this thing comes crashing down. But you can see that's right there. That's where I remove one of the screws and that little guy right there. And there's the second one right over there. You can see on the right. So I'm going to remove that guy and we'll pull off this front panel here. Okay, now that we have that second screw pulled off, you basically can just come and pull this down and out. And it pulls right off and reveals our pumps. We're going to be accessing that guy. I'm going to go ahead and let this back down and we can take a peek. Okay, now that the front panel pulled off, you can access this little filter as well as the pump and drainage system. So basically what you do is you clamp down on this green clamp right here and it will release this little filter. And you know, I was shaking this around and look how much change came out. I think there's actually a coin that may still be in there. There you go. There you go. Piece of plastic or something in there. So again, you're probably going to find a bunch of junk fit in there. By the way, if you washer something valuable that may have gotten down in there. That's where you can find it. Now look at the pump. You can see that's completely clogged up in there. So that is our culprit. So I got to get in there and get all this junk out. And hopefully that's going to unclog the filter and allow us to drain. Now remember, when you do take this off, this was full of water and everything that was up in your machine is going to drain out right there. So I do use a shop vac and actually had some spillage over here. You may want to see if you can get a container underneath here. Again, I had to just kind of let it drain and get the shop vac in here. The wet dry shop vac too. Back him all that up. Okay, look at all of that junk that I pulled out. Basically we had, it looks like a couple of small little rags. And this one's totally brown. I'm guessing it looks like almost the inner pockets or something came out of some clothing and just got caught in there. But as you can see now, it's totally open and clear. And so I'm going to put this back on, clamp it back down there, put on back the, basically put the front piece on and then run a drain load through. Make sure that's actually draining now. But I'm almost positive that was our culprit. All that was stuffed up in there. So there you go. Hopefully I have the works. If it doesn't, it may be your pump that needs to be replaced. This thing down in here. But yeah, give that a shot. Hopefully that works for you. All right, stay tuned for more tips and tricks and help around the house.