 You have never seen a single one before. Hi guys, it's Henne again. Hopefully you've seen my first video tutorial that was about very cheap and easy to make photo booth backdrop and also a photo booth picture frame that you can use for every event. This time I'm going to show you how to decorate the dessert table, the buffet table including the scurting, my table center piece and the party giveaways. From my sweet corner dessert table, I started it by decorating the background using paper lanterns that are bought from Kmart to reject shop. Each piece costs around 1 to 3 dollars, depending on the size and the type of paper lantern. Then I used a fuchsia pink cloth to cover my dessert table. I just placed whatever decorations that I got at home. If you're asking, I've bought this letter with light from Spotlight and the board with letters from reject shop. Right here I was just covering the cake stand with special paper just to fit with the theme. And you may use wine glasses as containers for your lollies or candies. To add more designs, I placed garland boners at the edge of the table. It's up to you where you want to place your party giveaways, but I decided that it's got her mine all over the table. And later I'm going to show you what my party giveaways is. And now the most exciting part, filling the dessert table with cakes, cupcakes, lollies or candies. And that is how you can easily decorate your sweet corner or dessert table. For my party giveaways, I bought them from eBay for only $25. I decided to have these keys as giveaways because in that event, it was not only my birthday party but also the housewarming of my parents. Well I'm not sure if my guests know about this, but actually this key is not only a key but also a can opener. So hopefully they've realized that. Anyway in a pack you can get 50 key can openers. And together with the keys are the strings or the ties and also the tags. To personalize the giveaways, I printed these labels that I planned to glue on the tags. And this is just how it's supposed to look like. Now let me show you how to make one of my buffet corner decorations, the flower pump pumps. To make this easy decor you only need different shades of tissue paper, yarn and a pair of scissors. Next got the paper in half and compile at least 6 layers of tissue papers. Next make an inch wide accordion fold. Then fold it into half so we can find the middle where we will tie with the yarn. Or you may also staple it if you like. Using our pair of scissors, trim the ends of the tissues into round shaped shapes. And lastly separate each layer carefully. And that's how you can easily make flower pump pumps. Prior to decorating, it is always ideal to have a good background. And since we were using the garage roller doors, so I've decided to cover it up with a lace curtain first. So right here I'm just pinning the flower pump pumps that we've made a while ago. And yes I've got a cheerleader here that is at the lovely Analia. For table scourting you always need two table cloths. So I've got a pastel pink here for the cover of the table and the fusha pink used as the scourting. So I did a box pleated skirt. And I'm very sorry if I can't explain it step by step because I just find it hard to explain. But I hope the video gives justice and I hope the video is clear enough for you to understand what I did. But basically I started it by making some pleats and then just open the pleat and pin it on the side. So you can laugh and then repeat the process over and over again. Just to clarify this is not the perfect box pleat because you're not supposed to have spaces in between the pleats. Since I don't have enough cloth, I'll get you new many areas. And after the scourting you can start placing whatever one arrange on the table. And right here I've got these mini chalk boards that I used as my name cards for the food. And lastly for the center piece I bought these artificial flowers online and the milk bottle from K-Mart. This is the easiest part of the party decorations because I only need to arrange these flowers and place it inside the bottle. When arranging a bouquet you must have at least a dozen of flowers. And first up is get your four center roses and then tie them together. And just surround the eight remaining flowers on our four center roses. So this is the birdie girl. Oh, that's the birdie girl. Oh, it's a decoleton. What's that? It's a nice sky. But it's a bit dark. Roos, let's watch the video. I'm gonna play the game. Okay guys.