 Mae'r aethym utau gweld yn y potato oedd wrth gwahanol enw i sic ni ond Mae Giwm ae insighti'r ades a brayn neuむ papi gweldropan.iederan record visitoran? Mae unir ynwach fyndwyd arall o到了fight o i másgulai. Mae'r aqua nawbed i unaid o couodid yr ayn y gwaith. Felly'n gweithio aeidiau Plebuclú'n gw defnyr arall ai amdreg. I'm just going to give it a little bit of a need because it's a bit firm to start with and it's not going to be true to life, isn't this diner? So we're going to start with these back legs. So I'm going to pull off a small amount of the modelling paste and I'm going to roll it into not quite a T-Shade Rob shape, but so it is thinner at one end than at the other. And I'm just going to squash it on the board to flatten this bit underneath the foot. What I'm going to do now is taking my the side of my little finger, I'm just going to roll into the middle of it like that to create a bit of an indentation. And I'm going to flatten this top bit to create a nice round platform bit and we're going to bring it out just a little bit here. Okay. So that's one of our legs. So we're going to repeat the same again for the other back leg. So at the front of each leg, I'm just going to use a little piping nozzle with a large enough circle to put on tiny little turn-hours at the front. I don't know if the clasp is turn-hours on a join or so. So just add those in there. And we're going to do the front legs now. We're going to make these so they're a tiny bit shorter than the back legs. And we're going to be a little bit different in shape but they're not going to be as complicated. You're just having it flat at the bottom. Why did I'm here? And narrowing as you get to the top. So I'm just going to hold it next to my other one. See what it's like size-wise. So that's about right size-wise. We'll make the other one now to match. So again, with the front putting you a little turn-hours using your little piping nozzle. If you've not got piping your nozzle anything with a little round imprint would you? Like the end of a birellid will probably give you a similar size little circle shape. So once we've done that, we're going to get in a nice big body. Size-in-wise, it is difficult to judge. It is sometimes a case of making rough shape, trialing it against your legs or a body, and taking some off or adding some more on if needed. So for this, we're going to start with a circle. But we need a tail and a neck as well as the body. And we're going to do it all at once. So from our circle, we're going to start rolling one side. So it becomes nice and long. We'll bring it to a point and this side's going to be our tail. Then from this bit, we're going to pinch it in again. Our roll looks slightly. Now, we're not going to make the neck quite as long as it would be in comparison to the body normally. Otherwise, we're going to find it's really difficult for it to support the head. OK. So this kind of shape for the time being. Now, I'm going to hold it against my body. And I think my legs are going to come to about here at the back. So what I'm going to do is just put a little indentation on either side where I'm going to slot those back legs into. So his tail will come down and back up. And then his neck will come back up like so. So let's see if that slots in there. Brilliant. So that slots in there nicely. So we're just going to put a bit of water on. So I'm going to put water on where his legs will touch at the back and then on the tops of the front legs. If you worried that water's not strong enough, you can use edible glue or you can use a bit of royal icing. And we're just going to sit him. OK, now we're going to push those legs on either side. And I'm going to push the front legs so they're kind of just underneath the body a little bit so that they're supporting the front of the body. Now, if the buckle, it might just be that your body's just a little bit big. So just take a little bit off if that's the case. So I'm just going to move his tail around to the position I want it to be in. Now, if you don't move it around quick enough, you will find it'll crack a little bit as it's starting to dry on the outside. So once I've done that, I'm going to try and bring a bit of a point to the top of the neck so that when this is dried, it'll become nice and hard. And I'll be able to poke the head onto that point that we've got on there. So I really like to catch it very well from above. So try a little bit from the side. OK. Now, before we leave it to dry, I'm just going to add a couple of scales. I don't know if it's scales that dinosaurs have just using my piping nozzle again. So don't have to be everywhere. Just the odd little patch here and there. A couple of bits on his legs. So now that we've added the little circles, I'm going to let him dry overnight and then we'll work on the head. So I've let him dry overnight. He's not completely hard. He's hardened a little bit. He knows for us to be able to push ahead onto his neck. So taking the same color, you just want a small round ball. Just hold it against the body. So you can see size wise what you think it looks like. Now, they have quite a small body compared to the head. Now, I'm going to just pinch gently to make it a little bit more of a teardrop shape. Pulling its nose up ever so slightly. And I'm just going to put a little indentation with the bottom of my paintbrush in each little nostril. And I'm just pushing it on so I can see size wise if it's about what I'm after. Play around a little bit with the shape of the head as well, if you want. And what I'm going to do now is just press my thumbs where I want the eyes to go. I'm just going to use the balling tool now to create a bit of an oval shape where I want the eyes to go. So I've won there, I'm going to match it on the other side. Carefully you don't squash it with your fingers when you're keeping hold of the face. So I'm just going to take a small amount of white now. And I'm going to roll it into a bit of an oval shape. And squash it down a little bit. We'll basically want this to fill the indentation that we've just made. So that's about the right kind of size, I think. So just make the other one too much. So I'm just going to put a small amount of water in each eye socket. And we're going to push those in. And I've just realised we haven't given it a mouth. So from underneath here, we're just going to bring this round a little bit, just using the knife. And again, round to the other side. I'm just going to put a couple more little scales to match the head, I mean to match the body on the head. So taking whatever colour you fancy for your eyes, we're just going to take off a small amount, squash it to size. See if we can get two or similar size. And I'm just going to put a little bit of water in the bottom corner of each of his eyes. And we're going to push a piece of purple into that bottom corner. Like so. Just use the paintbrush to push it round in place. And just look at how much white you've got showing on each one, so you can see if one of the centres is bigger than the other. And I'm just going to paint the black bits on now. You can put them on in icing rather than painting them on. I'm going to use a thinner brush, the 0-0 one. You'll see I've already got the black food colouring, so I'm going to use the other one, and I'm just going to use the other one, and I'm just going to use a bit of water, and I'm going to leave it with a bit of the black, and I'm just going to paint a little over in the centre. So we're then just going to add some lights to his eyes. I'm going to do it just in the model I'm past, so we're going to just roll a couple of small dots. And I'm going to push those into the eyes. So once you've got your larger one in just roll, I'm going to put that just below the larger one. Then what we're going to do is stick a little bit of water under his head. Now I've already got a bit of a hole where I'm going to stick his head on the neck, from his trailer on the neck earlier. I'm just using water, you can use edible glue, or you can use royal icing, and we're just going to pop his head on, position it, whichever you want, you might want him facing forward, or to the side, wherever your thing looks nice-ost. And then we're just going to leave that on there to set. And then if you want, you can add a bit of colour to him, leave him as easy as you like him like that. If you want him to have a bit more realistic colour, we can brush a bit of edible dust onto him. So I've got some petal dust, now mine, I've seen better days, they have a little bit broken from you, the petal crafts ones, and I think you can buy them online. So I'm just going to take a bit of a greeny colour, and I'm just going to start brushing it a little bit onto the top of his body and the front of his legs, just so he's got a bit more colour on him. I don't need to go over a bar. I'm just going to do that all over and a little bit on the top of his tail. I guess I've added a bit more colour to him but you don't have to do that if you don't want. And I'll let him dry before I add him to any cakes. I'll put links below in the description box below the video, for if there's anything that I've used that you want to know where you can purchase it from. So that's it guys, thank you for watching.