 Hello my lovelies and welcome to day number two of my fun Pinterest fall poloosah! Yes it's going to be great fun. Now I do want to go ahead and say I did say in my announcement video that I'm going to do fall like fun craft things and I'm going to do Halloween. And also I want to make sure that everyone in all ages gets a chance to do a fun craft. So I went on Pinterest and I found this fun bottle craft. The leaves are made of bottles like the bottom of bottles this believes are. So this is extremely fun and it's good for all ages. So if you're babysitting this Halloween or fall season oh my gosh pull out a bottle, some paint and paper and get your crazy fall leaf tree awesomeness on and it doesn't have to be fall leaves as you will see in the video. Alright let's go through those materials. Now you're going to need like a heavy stock paper. I'm going to use Bristol board or you could probably use poster board or hey go get a canvas. Next you're going to need some bottles and you can get small bottles big bottles but make sure on the bottom they have like those main five points kind of looks like a flower. But the bottles with that particular bottom are really going to be important. And of course most importantly you're going to need some paint you know simple acrylic craft paint that's all you need. And don't forget those paper plates to put your paint on because you need something to put your paint on and paper plates are just easy. Two colors of paint you're going to need most importantly are black and brown for your tree. So because my Bristol board is like nine by twelve I wanted to be a little bit longer. So I'm going to take two pieces of paper and I'm going to tape them together by turning them around and then just taping them on the back. And that way I get a really long piece of paper and I have something for my tree. Alright I'm going to paint my stem slash branch slash tree onto my paper. Another thing is you probably want to have like a moist towel and then a dry towel to wipe off the bottom of your bottle when you go in between colors. You'll see in a second but they're going to come in handy. Alright next go ahead and pick out your four or five different colors for your tree that you want your leaves to be made up in. And then you're going to take your bottle kind of smoosh it around in those paints just in different areas. It's going to give a really cool marbleized effect as you see right here and then you just dab it all around and you've got like these perfect little trees. And of course as you see right here I am wiping off the bottom of my bottle so that means I can go back in for more paints just like you see right here. This is why it's fun to get larger bottles with these particular bottoms and smaller bottles because then you can switch it around and go around your tree. So with this project it doesn't have to be fall leaves on your tree. It could be black flowers like my friend made or it could be springtime flowers like my other friend made. I mean either way it's a pretty fun project and a pretty cool tree. Another thing I of course have to do is on my almost dry paint I'm going to sprinkle glitter all over my fall leaves because I love glitter and it's so much fun it's pretty I love it. And here you go here are three fantabulous trees we got a fall we got a black flower one and we got a springtime flower one. The choice is yours because creative as you would like with your awesome trees it's a lot of fun it's easy. Well guys I hope you enjoyed that fun tutorial crafty thing like I said it's good for all ages once again make sure you follow me on Twitter or Instagram and go ahead and tag me show me your awesome beautiful bottle trees bottle trees yeah let's call it bottle trees but yes make sure you show me I want to see your y'all's awesome messed the pieces I know they're going to turn out amazing and I really hope you share them with me make sure you follow me on Instagram and Twitter or like my Facebook page and send me your pictures through there of your amazing trees and your melted crann art pumpkins if you like this video make sure you give it a thumbs up I love you guys I will see you all tomorrow and we have more fun fall craft that's going to be great I'll see y'all later bye bye