 Now I thought today I would make up some strawberry tarts. Now these are nice and easy to make and they absolutely scrum me so you got to give these a go. Now I'm going to be using strawberries in the morning but you know as an alternative you could use something like peaches, you could use raspberries, blueberries, it's entirely up to you what fruit you put on your tart. Now I'm going to be using a little bit of chocolate as well because you know chocolate and strawberries and cream it just all goes together and it's wonderful so give this one a go. So making up these strawberry tarts I'm just going to go for the ingredients I'm going to use. Now obviously I've got these strawberries here I've got 400 grams that's like one tub of strawberries just wash them and then dry them and then we're going to hull them so at the end we're just going to take the stall count, cut the stall count and then finally slide some long ways down the middle so they're in half and that's your strawberries ready to go. Now for the tartlets obviously you could bake your own you know make up your pastry but these ones quite handy sometimes if you've got them in your cupboard because they last a while and you know you could just pull them out the bag when you want to make up something good. So I'm going to be using ready made pastry tartlets. Now for the cream I'm going to use 100 grams of mascarpone 200 milliliters of creme fraiche and 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract so that all gets whisked together and that's your creamy mixture. I've obviously got some chocolate here I'm going to use white chocolate and what we do is just gently melt that and I'm going to brush that on the inside of those tartlets. So on top of that you know chocolate you'll have the creamy mixture and then you're going to have the strawberries and to top it off just at the end I'm going to use a bit of strawberry jam just melt that a little bit and then you can brush that over the top of the strawberries and that will be on top and it will be delicious. So nice simple ingredients let's start off by going over to the hob and gently melt the chocolate. So I've come over to the hob and we're going to start gently melting this chocolate. Now for that I've got myself a bowl and we've got a pan there's a little bit of water in there not very much you want a little bit of water and whatever bowl you're using make sure it's not touching the water itself it there's a gap between the water and the bowl. Now one we do is switch heat on and what you want to do is just you know get the water come up to a simmer a gentle simmer and it's just going to gently warm the bowl. Now in the meantime I'm just going to get my chocolate break that down and we can pour that in. Now I'm going to let that come up to a simmer just a very gentle simmer and we're just going to stir it once twice and when it's all melted we switch it off the heat. So I've left the chocolate not very long it's all melted all the lumps have gone so that is ready to use when we need it. Now I'm going to switch that off and I'm just going to leave that to cool down slightly and then we're going to brush it on those tartlets. Now whilst I'm waiting for the chocolate to cool down, what I'm going to do is start making up that creamy mixture. So I've got my mascarpone cream fresh. Now with a mascarpone I'm going to use arfa tab because the tub's 200 grams so if we just put arfa in and we've got the cream fresh. And also the vanilla extract. That's it. Now what we want to do is to mix this all up. So I'm going to use an electric blender but you could do it by hand but let's just get the blender and give it a good mix. There you go that's done. Now if there's any of that white chocolate left after we've put it on the inside of the pastry, the pastry task, then what I'm going to do is add it into this mixture. So let's move that aside now and if we bring the little pastry tartlets, now we're you know we're called down the chocolate which is going to brush it on the inside. So I've just got myself a brush there and just going to get a little bit of chocolate in the middle of each one. So I've just grabbed that, try and brush it on the inside of the edge. So I've done that one and I'll do the rest. So I've put chocolate on the inside of those and in the end I did decide to do the last one because I've got a little bit of chocolate left over. Obviously I'm now going to add that into the creamy mixture. So I've got me creamy mixture back and I'm just going to scrape that chocolate in there and just give it a very quick mix. That's it and that's very slightly. Weat and it all up. There you go. So now we've got the creamy mixture all done. That's ready to go. We've got the tartlets with the chocolate in there. Now you want the chocolate if you can to firm up a little bit. There's no reason you couldn't pop them in the fridge to speed it up slightly and what we're doing the meantime is just hold the strawberry. So cut the stem out, cut those in half, and then it's all ready to put together. Now finish with the strawberries. I've hold them and I've chopped them in half. I just left a few whole ones just in case I didn't use them all. So I've got those, put those aside. Now here I've got me tartlets. I've taken those from out the fridge and you see they're set just nicely now. So what I'm going to do is put some of this cream in each one of them. So let's just grab a bit of that cream. It reads more amount and then we can just place the strawberries on there. So that's like that. And again I'll do that with all the rest. I'll just get in the last bit out of the bowl. That works out just about right. Now then we've got the strawberries. So let's sprue those over. And then what we can do is just maybe put like four half of a strawberry on each one. See how you go? Try and fit it all in nicely. So just grab the strawberries. Put it cut side down. That's it. Pop that next to each other. And just go around. Pop those in. Oh yeah. Give them a squashing. Beautiful. Now I'm going to do that with the other seven. So I've got those all down. Look at those looking scrummy. Now I've got that strawberry jam which I've just put in the microwave very quickly. Just to warm it up a little bit. And we can just give that a very light brushing over the strawberries. So again I'll just carry on and do all the rest. So I'll just finish the last one there. So they've all got a little bit of strawberry jam on there. Now what you can do is you can serve it up as it is right now or you can pop them in the fridge and serve them later in the day. But ideally you do want to eat them the same day. Now what I'm going to do is I'm going to choose one. Put the rest in the fridge. So I've popped the others in the fridge. Keep them nice and cool. Now this one is the one I'm going to try. But all look at that. That looks scrummy. Let's try. That is finger-licking good. I can taste that white chocolate, mix with the cream. And then when you bite into the bones of it with that pastry and you get that lovely white chocolate. Oh it's scrummy. And the strawberry is nice and juicy and it all just comes together. That is delicious. Go and make these. Certain to your guests. Nice and easy to do and they are scrummy. And as I say you can always choose a different fruit. You know you haven't got to use strawberries. It's entirely up to you. Thanks for watching my videos. I'll see you on the next one. The original Nike chef. Oh it's got a bit more.