 Hi, I'm Kimberly with the Fat Quarter Shop and today we're going to show you how to make this cute, sail away quilt pillow. In part one, we're going to show you how to make the block and it's got lots of cute pockets and in part two, we're going to show you how to turn the block into a cute pillow. We've built in these little pockets so my kids like to hide their toys so they can hide their toys in here or you can use it as a toothberry pillow and your child can put their tooth in the small pocket and the toothberry can leave the money in the other pocket. We're really excited about this project so let's get started. We've cut all of our fabrics and labeled them with our alphabets. Download the free pattern at fatquartershop.com. It's called the sail away toothberry pillow and you can find all the exact sizes on the pattern. The first step is to create our pockets for our pillow. We're going to take our fabric J square, fold it to make a triangle and just finger press it down and then press with the iron. You're going to take your fabric B square and the line up the edges of the triangle and the square and we're going to pin twice on each side. That's going to form your pocket. We're going to leave our pins in until we stitch over that seam in the future. We're going to repeat the same step with our fabric C and fabric K squares. We're going to take our fabric C and fabric K pocket which is your smaller pocket and our fabric E rectangle. We're going to put the rectangle right sides together on the top of the pocket and your pocket should be aligned this way. We're going to put two pins at the top and we're going to sew right along here with a quarter inch seam allowance and a 2.0 stitch length. Now we're going to press our unit. You're going to set your seam and then we're going to press towards the rectangle and you want to make sure you don't press on your pins because your pins might stick to your iron and I might know that from experience. We've got our small little sail. We're going to take our fabric E rectangle and we're going to take our large sail and we're just going to align them, you know, compare to the pattern, make sure it looks good and then we're going to sew the units together. So first what you want to do, we want to do one at a time. I want to just put your rectangle on top and then I just put additional pins in and I don't remove the previous pins because the previous pins are holding that pocket in place and I just think it's a lot better to not remove them. Just add extra. And then we're just going to sew with a quarter inch seam allowance down the edge. Okay, so now we've sewn and we're just going to set our seam and press towards the rectangle. And you can see we're going to leave these pins in because they're still holding this pocket and you don't want the pocket to start labeling around. So now we're going to sew these two units together. We're just going to put right sides together and do the same thing pin but leave these previous pins in place and don't remove them yet. And we're just going to sew with a quarter inch seam allowance just like before. Now we've sewn the seam and we've pressed in towards this rectangle and you can see how easy it was to form these pockets. So now we've finished our sailboat top and we're going to move on to our sailboat bottom. We're going to take our fabric L, M and N rectangles. We're going to put them together and then we're going to sew with a quarter inch seam allowance. So this is how your sailboat bottom looks and we're going to take our fabric D squares using a friction pin and we're going to draw a line from corner to corner. And we are using a friction pin because that will disappear with heat later. So we don't have to worry about leaving them mark. We're going to put these on each corner. We're going to pin in place and then we're going to sew directly on the line from corner to corner. So now we've sewn our lines. We're going to cut a quarter inch away from your stitch line. And then we're just going to press out. Now we have our sailboat bottom complete. We're going to take our fabric H rectangle and we're going to take our sailboat top. Now we're going to put our rectangle on top of the top and repin just like we did before. And then we're going to sew with a quarter inch seam allowance. So now we've sewn this unit and you want to press towards your inner rectangle and then just attach your bottom sailboat unit and press towards your inner rectangle. So now this is how your block looks and we're going to attach our inner borders. We're going to take our fabric G strips and add them to the side just like that. And now we're going to add our fabric F strips to the top and bottom. And it will look like this. And now we are ready to put our Rick Reckon. And today I'm using Apple Glue by Jolily Studios to attach the Rick Rackdown. Just going to draw a line of glue right on that seam. And then I'm going to put my Rick Rackdown. And I'm just going to make sure my Rick Rack does not, you cannot see that seam underneath it because that's your guide. And I have the Rick Rack extending out past the block because Rick Rack does fray. And then I'm going to just iron this down so it stays in place. And then I'll be using a matching Navy thread to stitch down the Rick Rack using a 2.5 stitch length. So now that we have our Rick Rack attached, we're going to just trim off and square it up. And now we're ready for our outer borders. First we're going to add our fabric Q rectangles to the side. And now we're going to add our fabric P rectangles to the top and the bottom. And this is how it looks. Make sure to watch our next video to see how to turn this sailboat block into this Q pillow. See you then!