 Hi, I'm Callie King from CRK Training. In today's blog video, we're going to talk about the proper technique for putting on a bridal. So this is another one of those topics that seems very basic, but I know that there's some little tips that I can give you that's going to make it a lot easier, especially if you have a horse that might be a little bit difficult with bridal length. Okay, so out here with Molly, I left her holder on, and generally, unless you really know your horse or you're in a controlled situation, before you would take the holder off, you want to put the reins over your horse's head. So I'm just going to slip these over her head like that. Then you can go ahead and take your holder off. And just a good tip for kind of for keeping yourself safe and keeping your equipment in better condition is to not drop things on the floor. So one thing that I see a lot of people that are new to horses kind of making the mistake of doing is though either let their bridal hang or they'll take the holder off and just let it drop or let it hang on a cross tie. It's not really a good habit to get into because that kind of thing, if your horse does start to move, they can catch a foot in it, they can step on it and damage it or break something, you know, rip something if they kind of get caught up on it. So just a good habit to get into is keeping your equipment either placed somewhere out of the way or over your shoulder like this. Okay, so as I go to put the bridal on here, I'm going to reach up here between her ears and I'm going to grab the crown piece of the bridal with this hand. So this is a really good strategy if you have a horse that tends to throw his head out of the way, you can put your hand here, hold your bridal like this. Now if your horse reacts to just having your hand here, I would probably do a little bit work, a little bit of work first with getting the mutes to having your hand here and you can also ask them to drop their head from just a little bit of a pressure there and that way they start to learn to comfortably stay here and that way when you grab your bridal, you've just got good control of the bridal and you're basically with your hand here, you're kind of queuing their head to stay nice and low. Now I know I picked a very easy horse to bridal today and the truth is I was trying to think I really don't have a difficult one to bridal on the farm right now. So I'm going to share the tips that I would use if Molly was a little bit more difficult to bridal but fortunately for me she actually is very good. So I'm going to take this again. Now when you hold the bit, usually like to hold it in these fingers, not what you can use your thumb to slip into the corner of their mouth and basically cue their mouth open. If you have a horse that doesn't want to open his mouth, I'll basically try to find there's always a point where when you stick your thumb in there or you kind of rub it against their gum or their tongue, they're eventually going to open their mouth because it's uncomfortable and you just kind of find that point and then you can slip the bit in. If you're really having trouble with getting just the mouth open, I usually tell people to do this. Practice it without holding the bit right there and just see like, okay, what do I need to do to get the mouth to open and then you try to repeat that same thing when you're holding the bridal. In the beginning it can seem like a lot to hold and to kind of coordinate your fingers. And if you can kind of get used to doing one thing at a time, it can be a little bit easier to put it all together. Alright, so I'm going to hold it up here like this and then if you're lucky and you have a horse like Molly, she usually opens her mouth almost as soon as she feels the bit there. I'm just going to slip it in. Be really careful with slipping it in softly because if you start banging the horse's teeth with a bit, they're automatically going to try to get their head out of the way because it's uncomfortable and it's going to make it a lot more difficult the next time that you go to put the bridal in. So try to be soft and then your horse is going to learn that bridal is a fine procedure and that doesn't cause any discomfort. Same thing here, when you put through the ears through the, or under the crown piece of the hoarder, you don't want to drag it over and crush the ears like this. Instead hold the top of the bridal out here, fold the ear under, do the same thing with the other one. Put a lot more comfortable for the horse. I like to get all the hair out of the way up there and then I'll start to do my straps. So I'm using a kind of a dressage style bridal here so it does have a nose band on it. Most of the time I actually don't use a nose band just because I really don't prefer them. I'd rather just have the horse be able to use his mouth and open his mouth whenever he needs to. But I figured for today's video, I know a lot of people use them and I wanted to be able to show you how you adjust it with that one. Okay, so I'm going to take my throat latch here, goes to this top strap and the throat latch, you want to adjust so that you have about a fist. So I'll make this just a little bit tighter here. And then the nose band, you want to have about two fingers underneath their cheekbone. That's where you want the nose band to rest. And then there's a lot of different opinions on how tight you make a nose band. Generally, you want the nose band so that you can slip about two fingers in so it's adjusted pretty snugly. Again, since I tend to not even ride with them, I leave them just a little bit looser. I don't want to have that constant pressure around the horse's nose. Again, there's a lot of different schools of thought about how you should adjust the bride also, you know, basically how tight the bit hangs in the horse's mouth. Same as with the nose band, I prefer not to have a lot of pressure there, so I tend to adjust mine pretty loose. It depends on the horse, because horses' mouths are built a little bit differently and you want to think more about where the bit is laying in regards to the teeth rather than just the lips. But as a general role, I adjust it so there's just one slight wrinkle sometimes two, again, depending on the horse. But one or two slight wrinkles on the corner of the mouth is about how you want to have the bit adjusted in there. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to take it off. I'm going to show you just one more strategy that I'll use if I have a horse that really moves his head a lot, putting the bride on. And this may be helpful for you as well. So we're going to take these back off. One, two, when you're taking off a bridle, always make sure you undo both straps. Some people tend to leave the nose band hooked up, and again, it can just make it a little bit more uncomfortable for the horse when you take the bridle off, and then when you go to put it back on, it makes it more difficult if you've got a nose band that's hooked up. All right, so I'm going to slip this off. When you take a bridle off, always hold it, drop it slowly, and let the horse suspended out of their mouth. Don't just drop it and rip it right out. We've got some bugs here that are irritating her a bit. So another strategy that I'll use if I have a horse that's really like moving their head a lot side to side is I'll hold the bridge of the nose here like this, and I'll grab the bridele basically right into the brow band. And if your nose band's getting in the way, you can even hold the nose band up like this, and then put the bridele on this way. You can also kind of bring the horse's head to the side. If you have a horse that's moving his head a lot, and that's just another tip for getting the bridle on if you've got a horse that is a little bit more difficult. All right, I'm not going to hook everything back up, so that's going to conclude our video on bridling. If you have any questions or if you have any other tips that you would like to share, go ahead and put them in the comments. And as always, if you're watching this anywhere besides CRKTrainingBlog.com, go there, that's usually where the best conversation happens, and there's plenty of other videos for you there as well. Thanks for watching.