 Well, I just learned something new and now I'm sharing it with you right here right now. Stay tuned. Hey, what's happening to folks? Xavier Smith, aka Mr. Xail Smith, aka Coach X, and we're talking about frequently asked questions in today's episode. But today's question didn't come from anybody, but I'm assuming because I'm having this problem with my plants and I'm sure somebody out there in this world is having the same problem. So let me tell you the scenario. Let me first set this scene up. I am big into environment, right? Because environment is everything. So I like having green in my environment. Specifically plants that do a good job of filtering the air, taking all the negative energy, using it and then giving out positive. This is one of my plants that I have grown to love. We called him Wild Hair. And here's another one. This is my money tree. As you can see, they're doing pretty good. However, I got a slight problem. Sometimes, you know, when I'm doing my watering and stuff, I will get in there and start moving things around and now see these little black bugs come out of the ground and just appear and then they fly off. And now I've noticed an abundance of them like when I'm doing my daily tasks and I can, you know, one even landed on my nose about to breathe them in. I'm like, no, this is not acceptable, folks. I can't do this. So I run to True Value Hardware right here in Queen Creek. I tell them what my dilemma is and they call, they sent me to IOTIN and they called one of the specialists in. And he proceeded to educate me on what that situation was all about. So here's the situation. These little black bugs that I speak of, they're called, what's the name of it? A fungus net. And what they do is they get somehow get into your environment. They dig down. That's where they bury their eggs and then the larvae, they hatch, then they come up to the surface and they fly around and propagate more. So the more plants you have, if you've noticed this, and it's due to the fact that I was given my plants a little bit too much water. So the plants give off a fungus that these little bugs can detect. They once they smell it, they get down in there and they just start making it their home. And at first I thought they were beneficial to the plants but then I was like, maybe not. So he proceeded to educate me today and told me what that problem was and how I could fix it. So what I'm getting ready to do, I bought some of this, some specific special sand that you put a top layer of that sand over the dirt which saves the plant but it does not allow those nets to dig down into the ground. So if they can't dig down there and they can't lay their eggs, then no more nets. How's that for a solution? So I wanted to share that with you because I'm thinking if I'm having this problem, somebody else in this world is having that problem and there you go. So I hope that helps. Well, hey folks, I'm about out of time but I really hope that you found that informational. I hope it's something that you can apply to your home life because I'm all about impacting, inspiring and improving the lives of others, right? You probably know that but what you don't know is that it doesn't always have to involve fitness or speaking or coaching. Right now I'm just talking about my life and these things, they were a problem for me. Hopefully there won't be a problem for you but if you like what you see, you like what I'm up to and you want more, then show me some love, give me some thumbs up, leave some comments, leave me your questions that I might be able to answer here on one of my episodes. Okay? I'm Xavier Smith. Thanks for watching. I'll see you next time.