 Hey everybody, today I'm gonna show you how to make some fresh black eyed peas. Oh yeah baby. These were given to me and I've never cooked fresh ones before so this is learning experience for both of us okay. So they all got me about a pound and a half of fresh like eyed peas. Well, there's still greenness in there. So what I did was it got me a big old pot of water, cut me up about six pieces of bacon, cut it up in there, now stir it up a little bit and I added me some jalapeno and some onion to it. Now these jalapenos and onions is completely 100% optional but I think you need them for the flavor you know what I mean. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna proceed to bring these babies up to a boil. Now I got them boiling and that's started happening. Soak them overnight might have stopped this I don't know for sure but I just stirred them a little bit until it quit happening. I'm talking about the foam and you know see there. Well at this point here I left the lid on and they didn't boil over. So what you got to do is now you got to cook these babies. I boiled them for about 30 minutes and then I turned it down to simmer. What's the main thing you got to do is you got to make sure you don't let them run out of water. You know what I mean? Because they will burn and also I don't put any salt or pepper in this stuff in the element of the end either because you never know that bacon might have salted it all you need so you got to test it you know what I mean. So here we are. I'm gonna put one tablespoon of salt in. Now you can add the amount of salt because you like best. Now some fresh to ground black pepper. Oh yeah better. And don't forget to taste it. You know what I mean? You got to taste. Here I think I'm gonna pull me up a piece of bacon. Yeah right there. Now you can fry this bacon ahead of time if you want to but this is the way I was taught. You know what I mean? So there you go y'all. Beautiful. Fresh black eyed peas. I never so good. Oh man. Oh yeah. Well y'all I hope you give these a try. I hope you're lucky enough to get some fresh black eyed peas. And also hope you go out and have yourself an awesome day.