 Hello friends this is Pooja and you are watching Kupfi Pooja.com. Today I have come up with a summer delight recipe to beat the heat and also it is loved as a dessert too. It is Kulfi. Today's recipe gets prepared easily at home, requires very less ingredients so without wasting any time let's see what all do we need to prepare Kulfi. We need 750 ml of full cream milk, 100 ml of fresh cream, 2 tbsp of cornflour, 1 tin of condensed milk, 1 half a teaspoon of cardamom powder, few saffron strands dipped in milk, few nuts, pistachios, almonds, cashews, sliced and few raisins also cut into small pieces. As the only ingredients we need let's start preparing it. Pour milk and bring it to boil on a medium flame and also side by side add 100 ml of fresh cream to it and let it come to boil on a medium flame. Now as you can see milk has come to boil at this stage we will add full tin of condensed milk and side by side mix also because it should not settle down at the bottom. We have to keep stirring it also scratch the ends in between in intervals and also keep the cream on low medium so that the milk should not stick at the bottom and also at the sides. Now we will add some cardamom powder, half a teaspoon and give it a good mix. Our cardamom powder has a very nice aroma actually keeps stirring it. Now we will add the saffron milk and give a nice mix and slowly you will observe a light yellowish colour come. After stirring for a while I am going to add the nuts and raisins so that they also get soft with the milk. Now keep stirring and keep cooking for another 5 to 7 minutes. We have been cooking for 5 minutes now it looks almost done let it be on simmer flame till then take 2 tablespoons of cornflour to that add 2 tablespoons of water and make a paste. At the cornflour water mix and give it a good mix and within few minutes you will observe that it has begin to thicken and try to scratch the sides as well as the bottom and give it a mix. Our cold free mix is ready the fragrances are awesome and also you can taste it at this point to taste the sugar and it looks perfect so I will just close the flame now. Reason why we added cornflour was to thicken the mix easily and that it will help while we set it in the freezer. So now we are going to make it rest for about half an hour or so let it cool down and then we will put it in the freezer. Now setting the cool free you can use your traditional aluminium containers or ceramic cups or even these days these plastic molds are also coming up so whichever is suitable for you. For me I have observed that ceramic works perfect and now I will just keep this for half an hour and after that we will put it into these containers and later on we will keep it in the freezer. It takes about 8 hours for a cool free to set properly but have you observed that whenever we make ice creams or cool free at home they have that icy crystals left in that it doesn't come as smooth as we get it outside. To make it absolutely as we get it outside in restaurants or hotels what we need to do is we will set these for about only 4 hours when it is partially set and taken out of the freezer blend it once and then again we will put it to set it in the freezer for about 8 hours. This way there will be no icy crystals in your cool free. So we will now first set it for 4 hours and if you don't have the patience to bring it out after 4 hours and again then wait for 8 hours you can straight away set them for 8 hours. They also taste yummy but still you will observe some icy crystals that way. That's it. It's been 4 hours since our cool free has been resting in the freezer so I am going to empty the contents into a mixing bowl. As you can see it is in a semi solid structure. You will have to break it and then actually add it to the mixing. It's not completely set. This is the stage we were looking for that's why we kept it only for 4 hours. Next what we are going to do is we are going to blend this into a smooth paste. I am using a hand mixer. You can use a food processor, a lassi maker or a blender even will do. When we use a blender it has a blade on it so the nuts will crush actually. So what you can do is if you are using a blender then again add some dry roasted nuts before you freeze your cool free. So let's blend it. That's it. Let's just check the consistency. See it's very smooth now again back to normal. Now again we need to freeze it for 8 hours. But this way your cool free will never have the icy strands but what we get when we are making ice creams or cool free at home. This will come absolutely like we get it in restaurants smooth yet very delicious. And obviously it all has the goodness of being cooked at the home. So I am going to again set it into the molds and the ceramic cups and all and freeze it for 8 hours. We will fill our molds and again going to freeze it. Now we are filling all the containers now we are going to pack them. For packing the containers use iron foil. Just like this cover it up properly and after the iron foil I suggest to use some cling wrap and pack it up again with this plastic wrap. And if you have a rubber band or something you can just seal the sides by using a rubber and put them into freezer for 7 to 8 hours and your cool free will be ready to be served. Our cool free is set by now it took around 7 to 8 hours. I have bought it out from the freezer now we are going to plate it. So just remove the cling wrap and the aluminum foil. Take the mug just scratch the sides with a knife just like this so that it becomes easy for bringing out the cool free. Slide here bring it on the top of a plate. See lovely cool free. Wow. What you can do is you can just put a stick inside and have it like normal cool free or what I do is normally is cut it into small pieces very easily. It gets cut because now we have done that process of icy crystals there are no icy crystals. So I am able to cut it like very easily. I can cut it very easily that is it. Sprinkle some powder and you can serve lovely mouthful or drink cool free to your guests and family. One more way to serve it is cut it into yet more smaller pieces. It is love it and put it in a wine glass or ice cream bowl. Cut it into small pieces like this. Drop it inside the wine glass. Wow it becomes easy to eat also this way and top it up with some follow the. Wow lovely. It is so mouthwatering that I can't stop my sense from having it right now. Drop in some more pieces of kulfi and last again I am topping it up with some more follow the. Wow it is awesome. Kids just love it. Kids in fact people of all age group love it. Serve it the way you like it. This yummy, delicious mouthwatering kulfi. Let me just taste it. Wow it dissolves your mouth just like this. Very soft, no icy crystals just the way we get it in market or restaurant. Try this recipe for sure and stay tuned with kulfiqpoorja.com for more such delicious deserts and other recipes. Till then this is Pooja signing off. You don't forget to subscribe us at cook with pooja youtube channel and like us on Facebook.com. Bye bye. Bye bye.