 It was going on YouTube. I'm gonna make this quick, with it's possible because I was pressurized and I came up with a solution for our artificial insemination. On my dogs, he's not interested in her, she's not interested in him, but she's in heat. As you can see on the floor, she's dripping blood, everything all the whole nine yards. So I went out and bought this thinking, you know, she was just too feisty or whatever. And hooked off Monday then she went berserk, went crazy, flipped out, twist all up all on me and everything. He only wanted to pretty much attack her after she was on an interest. So I went, I know I was pressurized time, so I went to, I couldn't order an artificial insemination kit because it's pretty much it was going to take too long and she was going to be out of heat, so I tried to hurt and catch it. Went to the vet, the vet was charging me 143 each time to pretty much run a test on other sea when she was ovulating. So my solution, I came up with, I was going to do an artificial insemination twice a day just to, you know, just just my dairy or whatever. But I couldn't find any artificial insemination kits at all, nowhere. So I came up with my own. I thank God for the good brains I have and I came up with a solution really quick. I did it already, I did my first one, so that's why I'm doing a video to pretty much tell you guys how did it work and it was successful. So I watched videos and pretty much everything came out to be the same. I don't eat really up. So I went to Publix, any shopping store I guess, what have them. This is the main thing I needed. And I searched for it, nobody had it. So I went to Publix and found a Turkey injector, chicken injector, whatever. And I bought it, took the needle part out or whatever. So this part, which is goes in the dog, the tubing, which the tubing I used from the fish tank air bubble, or if you're into RCs like myself. I had both. So I had the fuel line from the RCs or the air bubble line from the fish tank and pretty much it went right on. So that was perfect. The boy collecting him would be another issue. I've used, if you could see, this is some of him sperm or whatever you want to call it. I've used this, you know, they would have to do collecting him and took this part off, sucked it into it. You have to put air in it. So if you have this much of the male stud, you would want to put about this much air. So I have it about there. So once you put this part inside the female and I use a Vaseline for lubrication, or you could use any type of lubrication. So I put that part inside my female, push it far enough to I felt they're like kind of stop it when going anymore. She was acting fun, I guess, because it stopped. I went ahead, like I said, you need this much, you need air in it because the travel from here on down is no traveling to it. Then you need to keep pressing it and let the air flow through to go inside. Once you do that, you elevate the back of her to a certain height where, you know, it's not going to come out. Some of them is going to come out regardless. But you elevate it to, they can't come out and then, you know, you know, assimilate her, keep just touching the middle part between her, the giant and her buttole to assimilate her. She's going to stop bleeding or dripping or whatever. Just hold up, put your finger there, stop it, whatever you want to do. For like a couple of minutes and then you can let her down and try it again. Well, I hope you have some good luck or whatever like that and you have the puppies or whatever you want to call it. But this is my homemade artificial assimilation kit. Oh, and the facelines are, or if you want to use loop, whatever you want to use, school, good luck.