 And this is part 3, finishing the couch. So I'm taking this raising brand box to make strips for the back of the couch and the side of the couch which create a very crisp, sharp edge for the fabric. Then you see my strips that I'm going to use. And then you take your strips, align your fabric that's going to go on the outside. This is the arm and I take my first strip and I just make sure that it's lined up with the, at the top of the staple, where I stapled the batting and the top of the staples where the fabric is. This just really helps create that finished professional edge at the end of the couch. Now I'm just going to pass for it and then I'll show you the end of this part like you'll really see that that that liner I'm talking about that crisp line. So well, like if you just stapled it without cardboard then you'll see the poles of the staples. You see there, now you have a straight edge. And then I'm just going to finish up with another piece of my raising brand cardboard box. And they actually sell these things by the roll at handcocks or Joanne fabrics or you can get online. But this is the free version of doing it. So I just had an extra cereal box and I cut that up. No point of spinning extra money. And then well down the side, very simple. And so now I am stapling the back. And this is how the whole side will be finished right now. So you want to work with the side because like I said in the second, the first and second videos you want to work in reverse. So this was the part that I took off after I took off the back. Because the back is what covers all the extra seams and creases of the couch. And now I'm handling in the front with the tack strip that was previously taken off the couch. And the old tack strip was a little bit warped so all the nails didn't go straight through. So I had to use my pliers to kind of bend the tack piece down so I can re-hammer it. So now I'm just following the fabric back over and tucking it and pushing it back in, making sure that it's even with edge of the couch. And I take my sledge hammer or my hammer and just knock it in and decide that the cap was all done. And now I'm going to do the bottom. Well, no, it wasn't all done but you know. Now this is the last part. And I think this is where I ran the staples. And for the gist of it, you staple this part too. Stay while that down. And now I'm working at the back of the couch. And I didn't cut this piece out, rebate them with my my previous piece. So that's why I'm just cutting slip. But you won't even see it's going to be covered up. So I just kind of cut it so it can be very tight once I finish pulling it through. See, I'm pulling it just to make that the back end of the couch is really tight. So I finish staple on the top. I always start the top. Now I always have staples on deck because I constantly have staples and I would just be stapling and nothing would happen. So you just have extra staples. Never just get one box, get like two because you go through so many staples. It's ridiculous. So now that I'm just finishing up the top, I go back into the bottom and you pull it and then you staple. So the back, the very back of the couch is just really tight. It's an L shaped sectional. So the other end didn't have an arm. It was just some fabric that I could pull over on the other end to make my side. And I just stapled it down. And now it's time to close up the couch. I'll show you how I did the cushions and pillows in another video. But it's relatively simple. It's really just sewn square and that's about it. But now I'm just showing you how I'm putting the batting that was already on the couch. I'm putting that back on. See, neat keeps the staple on deck because you can glue it over on out and now on deck. Finishing up the sides. Batting is back on now. And now I'm working with the very last piece of the repulstery. I'm taking more of those raising branch strips that I had to do another clean edge for the very back of my couch. And some people don't even do this part because they say like well my couch will be up against the wall. But don't be tacky people. Come on. Finish the couch. And like this is the easiest part. It's really just take your strip, your fruit lid, cardboard strips, so you raise your branch or your Cheerios and staple everything down. Flip it over and now you have finished creasing the back of your couch. I'm going to flip the couch on the front. And this is how you tack down the side. This is the tack strip that I was telling you about. So it's a long metal piece so it has like nails going down the middle of it and you take the tack strip, you line it up against the edge of the couch because that's where once you flip it it's going to end right there. So you push the fabric or you push the tack strip through the fabric and each piece of it. So just want to make sure you get every nail strip in the fabric. And just keep it straight. You don't want to make it quick. That's why I say line it up against the edge of the couch because edge of the couch is already straight. And I don't think I have this part on my camera college. Probably shut off. But you want to flip it over and then nail it down like I did on the other side. So you're about to flip it but it's about to get. Yeah. It's happened. Now you're putting the dust cover aka the black mesh back onto the bottom of the couch. And you just staple it back on. It doesn't have to be any type of fancy. Now this is where I say whatever. Just staple your heart to content because it's at the bottom of the couch and nobody will see that and it doesn't have to be beautiful. But just secure everything down. And then when you're done with your stapling, you take your legs and you screw your leg back on. It never leaves it you chose to use at that time. My couch is all done guys. Thanks for watching. Bye.