 I'm going to show you how to clean your tile roof. The reason we clean our tile roof is it improves its appearance and also it increases the longevity of your tile roof. The tools you need for this job are safety goggles, protective gloves, a high pressure cleaner, and some chemical to help remove the like and a moss from your roof. When using a pressure cleaner, you're going to need to consider where your tap is and the hose length you need to get to where your pressure cleaner is going to be and also where your power is going to come from. There's a range of high pressure cleaners on the market. Make sure you select the right one for your size job. Anytime you're working up on the roof, you want to be really careful. So firstly, whenever you're walking across the tiles, you want to be walking where the tiles overlap each other because that's where it's strongest. Also, it's a really good idea to have guard rails around your roof. And because we're going to be spraying water up here, you want to make sure you've got the right footwear. Nice and grippy, sturdy because you're certainly down to slip down. And job like this, make sure you've got someone with you so they can pass up up to you so you're not trying to carry it up a ladder. Now I'm going to get my safety equipment on. With any chemical, make sure that you read the directions of use and also read what safety equipment that they recommend you to wear. Okay, my safety gear is on. I'm going to apply this chemical. Always work backwards when you're working on the roof so that you're always working on dry tiles. I'm using a product that assists in the removal of algae, moss and milju. So this one spray on and leave 30 seconds and then we're going to pressure clean it off. Also, if you're going to use the chemical on the roof and you've got a tank, make sure you disconnect your water tank so you don't end up all that chemical in your drinking water. I've waited the recommended time that the product suggests to wait. Now I've had a friend pass up the pressure cleaner so I can get into this roof. Make sure you work backwards so you stay on dry tiles. And I'm going to put my glasses back on because when you're cleaning this roof, water can spray up. So safety first and now let's get into this roof. Looks real nice. Now we've just got the rest to go. It's as easy as that. That's how you clean your roof tiles.