 Okay, so this quick tip is whenever you get a torch hillion that has been flattened like this on the tip. It means that you have blended using the torch hillion kind of straight down instead of on-side. So a typical torchillion would look like this. We have the points that's a dirty one, I'll grab a clean one here. There's the tip of the torchillion and the ridges here is what you blend with. So if I was to blend something in here or shade something first and I take my torchillion and blend it in. I'd be using the side of the torchillion. I wouldn't be using it like this and pressing it down. And I know that in teaching adults and children for a number of years now, I've had some students who will, you know, to get into really tight corners and stuff, maybe able to do any corner of an eye even. And there's limited space to be able to use it on the side and they might go in and kind of press down from the tip. And when they do that, the more they use it, the more they press down. You'll see that I'm pressing down and pressing down and it serves to get more blunt, more blunt. And then suddenly it gets flattened and you can't really use the side anymore because, you know, they've gotten, they've collapsed downward there. So a quick tip here to get them back again is I'm going to use a paperclip. And I'm just going to take the paperclip like this and pull it out. I can get kind of a straight. And then I'm going to put the paperclip and the bottom of the torchillion and kind of push on it. And you'll see that the tip is coming out again. And once I do that, I can probably just pull it out a little bit here. Slowly coming out there. There it comes. There it comes more and more there. And then I'm going to grab another one here. You have to kind of work at it here to come out. Remember it's just like quail paper. So push it down. You might have to pull it gently with your hands at the top there. There's another one here. I'm going to put some little tiny ones coming through there. Little very little. Some of these have been really jammed. I've just taken some that past students have used. And this one is really jammed. You'll see sometimes that you just no matter what you do, you can't get it. Yeah. That one is probably toast because see the tip of that torchillion? That's too soft too. And that'll just make messes on your drawing. So let's just let's put that one away. Let's see how this one will do. That's a little bit better there. So again, we're trying to save as many as we can. Yeah, that comes out really good. This one here. See if we can do this one. Yeah, that one comes out again. Beauty. Okay, so all you need is a paper clip. You just pull it apart. You might want to have the edge a little bit rounded on this side so that you're not poking your finger trying to push it down. And then you just put it at the bottom of the torchillion and push it out again. And like I said, there are some that just you know, just will not work and you can throw those ones away. Okay, thank you for joining me. Bye-bye.