 Today I'm going to teach you the most delicious artichokes finished. So I'm going to start with two tablespoons of olive oil. Pretty good. I'm going to love what I've been like. And nice, nice, um, of a medium onion and to close the part like that. And I'm going to add actually some of the tanga chilies to this. And I like using the whole ones because they're less spicy. So I'm going to start taking those into the interest, who sent and it takes about five minutes. Okay, how am I going to choice? And here you go. And now it's just one little pan. I'm going to add a little bit of oil. Is that okay? Okay. So that's okay. I'm going to add a little bit of oil. Okay. And you have that other chili sauce. I'm going to add a little bit of black pepper. Um, so I bought some artichokes and you want to drain them and wash them. And I bought a little box of, um, a stitch and the question in the microwave and drain it up. And I have that, which is it. Oh, I'm going to have everything today. Oh, I'm going to put some of the onions in. And then the sauce. Mmm, it's like a little bit. And then some pepper. And I'm going to, you make this a little bit more. I'm going to take a little bit of salt. A little bit of red pepper. Um, salt. So, I get now a little bit of yeast. I'm going to add a little bit of salt. And I'm going to add a little bit of salt. And a little bit of mozzarella. But mozzarella is a little bit slow, but it's not as well. And I'm going to cut this until it's combined. And then I'm going to add a little bit of salt. Just a little bit of salt. Just like this. The old goody. Look how color is more beautiful. Oh, it's supposed to be fine. Okay, so I have that out some bread. And I'm going to dip it in. You can serve it like this and keep it warm in a hot pot. Or you can take it one step further and make it a little bit more. It's all again. By putting a rubble. And I could keep it up. But what it is is going to go on the one side. And I'm going to actually top it with a little bit of a little bit more cheese. And have that melt. I'm going to open every 50 or more. But it's not that cheese melts. I'm going to tell you how I'm going to take it. I need 20 minutes. But this is so cool. So, so, so cool. Listen to me. Thanks so much for the food. Thank you. How cool is it, honey? Okay, so I'm going to take two. Stattels. I like to use it in the plastic. And you can either use pure chips or pure chips. Whatever, packers. I don't know if I mentioned use unmetinated ordechrocrits. So make sure that you're not unmeted at all. Okay, hope that you like it. If you haven't subscribed yet, go ahead and leave a like. And you still like it, honey.