 Hi guys, Barbara here and today I'm going to be making this cold pasta salad with imitation crab meat. You're watching The Bear Pantry Show. I got started without you and I already brought a large pot of water to a boil and cooked my noodles for about 8 minutes. I've diced up some orange, red and yellow bell peppers here. I've got some jalapeno because of course you know we like it spicy but you can totally leave this out and I've got two boiled eggs that are squished with the fork. And of course we have our crab meat over here. We're going to use mayo and mustard and I'm going to use red onion because it just looks beautiful in the salad. Okay, so let's start by dicing up the onion. And jada thought that everybody knew how to dice an onion like this but I guess this is a Barbara thing. So there you go guys, that's easy as that. Alright, so I have this beautiful bowl here because I'm going to put the finished product in. Let me go ahead and put all the noodles in here and it's already cold because I'm writing the cold water. I'm going to add the peppers and again when I make salads I put things that are pretty. I like the color. Put the onions. You guys know you can put all the stuff right, celery and stuff like that but I don't like celery because it reminds me of diet food. Every diet I've ever been on is the celery peanut butter sucks. Put my jalapeno because we're not going to give this to guests. This is only for us. The egg. And I like doing the boiled egg in any of the salads that I make because it kind of binds everything together, you know. And now the crab meat, the imitation crab meat. But because my son, Jori is allergic to shellfish, I had to do some research on crab meat way back when. And I found that imitation crab meat is actually made from fish like white fish or pollock. And it's like what do you call it, it's like seafood byproduct, you know, processed seafood or something. Kind of like the way they make hot dogs I would imagine. But even though it is a fish, if you're allergic to crabs, don't eat this because I think I'm going to use some of the brine or the broth off of the crab itself to make this to have to give it a flavor, you know. So just going to go ahead and dice this up. Time to add my imitation crab meat to the salad and just going to work it around with my spatula. Now I'm going to make the salad dressing. I always just use mayo and mustard. I never add salt or black pepper to these types of salads because I think they taste fantastic enough without adding salt and black pepper to them. Now I just want to make sure this is well incorporated and then add it to the salad, stir it around with my spatula. And I find sometimes that using a serving fork works better because you can find all the dry spots. So here's a little bit more that I kind of whipped up. And this is pretty much all that we're going to need to making this beautiful salad. Let me just get it worked in with my serving fork and take a look at how beautiful this is guys. The presentation is key. So I'm going to dump it in my beautiful bowl and then devour. Alright so here it is. Now you have to actually put this on the refrigerator to make it chill so that it's tastier. But my noodles are already cold because I had them in the refrigerator because I know that I want to taste this on camera for you guys. Now if you're going to take this to a hotluck with you always make sure that everybody knows that they're seafood in it. Because there are a lot of people who are allergic to seafood and nuts and strawberries and stuff like that. So I always warn everybody when I take something with me to a hotluck to let them know what the ingredients are. And unfortunately people are not like that with me when I ask them, well does this bread pudding have in nutmeg? They're like, oh you want my recipe so you can put it on your shell and I'm like, no I'm allergic to that so I need to know. So anyways I want you guys come back and tell me if you made this show me your pictures on my Facebook. I'll put a link here to my Facebook and I have Instagram, Facebook, Periscope, Vine, Twitter. I mean you name it, I have it Pinterest. Some of them I'm not too active on but I'm active on my Instagram and on my Facebook and I'm trying to become active on my Periscope. Anyways guys, thank you so much for watching the show. If you like this video give me a thumbs up. Please share it with your friends and family for me. Share it on your social media if you can because that's how the word is getting out. Do you guys see how I'm growing? I'm past 17,000 subscribers, it took me almost four years but you know what I am so grateful for every last one of you because without you I really am sure they couldn't do this. And I want to invite you guys to come over and watch my family vlogs and you know that way you can see what's going on behind the scene. It's Babs Bear Talk, I'll put a link and also check out my review channel of Bear Pantry Talk. Thanks again for watching guys until I see you again, take care.