 This is Josh with plumbercerplus.com. I'm going to talk to you a little bit today about trim finishes, whether it's a Delta shower head, elements of design, lavatory faucet, or a mowing kitchen faucet. We wanted to discuss the different finish options and some of the other accessory options that you would need to go through. What we've got here is actually a standard chrome. This is made by elements of design brand. This is a chrome lavatory faucet with lever handles. For comparison's sake, this is a Delta lavatory faucet that is mapped chrome. So you'll notice that the standard chrome, polished chrome, has much more of a shame than the mapped chrome. You will want to consider what type of handles are going to go with your faucet. This one happens to have lever style handles. Moving over to polished brass, more of a gold appearance. This has porcelain cross handles. Handles have a number of options, whether it's kitchen faucet, bathroom faucet for your shower, the valve that turns on and off your shower. You'll want to look at the handle type you're going to get, whether it's cross handle, lever handle, more modern style handle, whether it's going to be porcelain or the same metal finish. Number of different accessories available. This is a rot iron lavatory faucet with lever handles. This one happens to be an oil rub bronze, wall mounted faucet by elements of design. These are similar dark finishes. Another important consideration with trim finishes is that you'll get coordinating colors from different manufacturers. Wall rub bronze versus Phoenician bronze. You'll almost never find a color that matches exactly. It's important to find a coordinating color. We've got rot iron, wall rub bronze, Phoenician bronze. There's also dark bronze finish available. Those are great. Moving over a bit. These are a little bit more matte finishes. This is platinum lavatory faucet with platinum lever handles. This is a one handle brushed nickel with a brushed appearance. It looks like a brillo pad or something similar. It has been brushed across the surface to give it that brushed appearance. This is a pearl nickel. You can tell the color between these two is very different. Even though they're both nickel, this one has a pearl finish. This is a brushed finish. It's important to keep that in mind when you're shopping for the appropriate coordinating finish. My name's Josh Maldon and this has been Trim finishes with plumbercerplus.com.