 The whole point of this recipe is to use whatever you have on hand or whatever leftovers you don't know how to use. So obviously depending on the type of cheese that you use, everything will change in terms of taste. So just make sure you have combinations that you're okay with and that you personally like. I'm going to use a bunch of different cheese that I've had left over for a while now. So I'm going to start first with our onions. We're going to go ahead and slice this quite thinly and I'm just going to throw that inside my pan here where we're going to do a bit of olive oil and then some salt to just help release all that moisture that's in there so that it caramelized nicely. All right on to our cheese I'm going to start with some provolone, place that inner food processor here. To that I'm going to add a little bit of parmesan cheese. So you can do a mix of hard and soft cheeses. Next we have some boxadou which is one of my favorites, some tandoisesevois, nice soft cheese and then finally some sonnick-dah. Chop that all up. To all that we're going to add a little bit of butter and finally just some cream cheese. Put a pinch of pepper right in there and some white wine as well as some flatly parsley. So we want to blitz this until we get a nice kind of paste but if you have some coarse bits in there that come from the parmesan or the hard cheeses that's still fine. And to add a bit more flavor to the whole mix they're going to go ahead and grate some garlic. Put that right inside. Once our onions are nice and soft we're going to go ahead and add a little bit of soy sauce, a little bit of oyster sauce and just the touch of brown sugar just to really help caramelize everything. Our onions are pretty much good to go. I'm going to go ahead and toast our bread. So you can use any kind of bread that you want. I've got some nice French bread right here. I'm going to go ahead and take some butter and just melt it in our pan here and then toast that on all sides. What you're looking for is something nice and almost like a cream cheese kind of spread. That is absolutely perfect. Once your bread is good we can go ahead and assemble the whole dish. So we're going to start with our toast here. Take our spread and it should be really easy to kind of spread and that heat is just going to help kind of slowly melt all the different types of cheese that we have in there. The flavor here is something that really dears in close to my heart because you know us French people love cheese. So this is a kind of dish that would make anyone happy. Some onions right on top, black pepper and just to finish up a little bit extra virgin olive oil and you've got this beautiful kind of rustic French dish that no one will be able to resist. Alright I'm just looking for a nice crunch. The cheese in the white wine reminds me of the bottom of the fondue. It's so good and the onions just bring it to a volume level.