 Well, hello there and welcome to a beautiful morning here in the United Kingdom. And my name is Russ and this is making a Japanese garden.com and if you've been a regular visitor to my website you will know that I'm in the process of making a very small Japanese Zen garden in my garden. So let me show you, I've spoken about this before, I have a woodland garden at my house and there you can see fur trees and it's very green and the sun is just bursting through. It's quite beautiful this morning. I posted some pictures on my website of an area that I am developing and it is right here and this is going to be the Zen garden area. Now as you can see from the earlier pictures which are on the website it was covering grass and what I did was I marked out a whole area and I've started to dig it out. Now each side even though it doesn't look at the moment it's going to be absolutely straight and there's going to be edging all the way around. Now the depth at the moment is about two or three inches I reckon and that will actually be when the edging which will come up probably about that much, about the grass will mean that the sand that will go in it will be about four inches deep and very easy to rake. Over here are some of the stones that I'm going to be using. I've just placed them at the side at the moment because we're doing the edging in the week and there is another one there and I'm actually going to myself a very nice budder from my local TK Max store. Seriously reduced which was rather nice. I've got a couple of pagodas and some bamboo grass that is going in this area but forgive me just moving the camera around a little bit but I want to give you a sort of a sense of the area and how big it is and this just proves you know that you can have a zen garden in your garden that is actually in a really small area. Now where that stone is there or those two stones there there's going to be a stone basin that I've actually got an order from japangarden.co.uk but there it is I've got a little patio area there and the zen garden will allow me to sit, contemplate and relax and generally have a nice time. I hope you're going to follow this project through I'll put some pictures up on the website as well but I did promise you some video and in the week when we're doing the edging I'll make another little video for you but thank you for visiting the site. Any questions email me I'd love to hear from you and thank you for visiting.