 Music Hello my friends, following the topic of the three-day pattern, what I did today is a chicken weight, a white chicken weight, look, it shows you more closely so that you can see what it looks like. It does not look delicious, because if you see how it looks, it looks delicious. The weight does not look very elegant, it is very elegant to serve it, because all the measurements that we put in the chuguit, the ribbon and all that, but hey guys, it is delicious and special for that Mexican deliciousness that we are going to have with friends. I do not entertain you anymore, I better introduce the ingredients and we are going to prepare the work. For the work of the puzzle, we are going to use more disposed of the one that has already been pre-cooked. I have half a chicken, half a chicken, half a chicken, half a chicken, approximately one kilo and half a meat. I use all the chicken, but it can also be made with chicken or chicken if you like. I have a onion here, but I only am going to use a quarter onion, I am going to use a teaspoon of oregano and I am also going to use about six eggs. Okay? And to accompany it, of course, true. Onion, chopped, lemon, onions, a little bit of herbs with which we are going to make a little sauce, more oregano to taste and someone likes avocado, lettuce and tomatoes. To start working our puzzle, the first thing we are going to do is we are going to throw all the water in which it comes. We are going to wash it well, about two or three times, until the water comes out very clear. It is already very clean. Now we are going to put it in the pot where we are going to cook it. And we are going to put it in the pot with a quarter onion and the garlic. I do it, I have done it whole because in the end I put it. This corn is cooked. It takes about 40 minutes to be ready and the chicken takes about an half hour. So I will leave it for about 20 minutes until it comes and it starts to bubble and everything. And then I will add the chicken. You will do it according to the instructions that you bring to your corn. They are going to take the time, how much time you need to boil the chicken first. The grain of my puzzle is already cooked, so I will add the chicken to the chicken. A recommendation if you are going to use chicken breast, I recommend that you add a chicken cube to make the flavor. I don't know why, because my I bought chicken whole, so it has a lot of bone. You know what bone is, what gives the flavor to the chicken. But it is optional if you want to put it. But that's it. Recommendable if you use only chicken breast. But I just put the chicken. This chicken is already sauteed. I'llirst in a pan and add the chicken. And right now it can be added a Alcántica. en la sal del gamelo. Espr way de platic. 5 more minutes. We are removing it from the oven. 5 more minutes. We add the oregano. The cake is already in the form of a chicken. Now I will add the oregano. I will add the oregano. I will add a little more salt. I will add more salt. I will add a little more salt. I will add more salt. I consider it to be necessary for my dessert. I consider it to be necessary for my dessert. Because I don't want that I stay in the oven. I always eat the oregano. If your family is like mine, and you don't like that when you serve the dessert you can see the oregano果. You can do it before serving. You can do it before serving. As we take out the fat and all that. We also take out the eggs and we throw them to the end of the whole table. We will serve a little more oregano to make someone more like me to add them directly in their dish and remove the lid. To cook it, I prefer to center it because it has a little more flavor. Meanwhile, in the past, So we can go ahead to prepare the condiments with which we are going to offer our solito, pick the ravanitos, pick the chuguit, disinfect it, in any case, all that. We are going to toast the chillies. With this we are going to make a sauce and we are going to add a little lemon juice. If someone wants to add a little bit of solito sauce. The solito sauce is ready. So then we are going to prepare our dish. I am going to give the suggestion of how we can serve it. I know you already know, but well, for who doesn't know. We can put the piece of dinner or we can put the chuguit of the braised dish. On top of our granito, the solito sauce. We put the chuguit. We also put a little bit of the chugan. All this is taste, of course. Now who is it? Now who is it? That is taste, as I tell you. This is just a suggestion. We put the chuguit. Al gusto. This one, well, you know that it is a special solito sauce. A little bit of lemon. This is a little bit of lemon juice, but well, we put it a little bit of lemon juice. And finally, if you like the sauce, also, we add the sauce. We can put the sauce. We can put the spicy green chillies and make the taste of each one. Well, guys, that's how it goes. The white sauce of chicken. I hope you like it. Thank you very much for visiting us again. I know you will like it. See you soon. I will say goodbye to you, your friend here. Do not forget the two little ones and the avocado.