 Here is the genuine Broncook traditional mandolin. This is a multi-purpose tool, perfect for cutting fruit and vegetables into sticks or flat and crinkle slices, and for obtaining elegant and appetizing presentations. All types of slices can be carried out quickly and easily using the same device with no accessories necessary, thanks to the various built-in settings. Fold out the supporting leg, locking it in place under the edge of the large plate as shown. The mandolin is now ready to use. Cutting vegetables into flat slices is achieved using the central cutting plate. You should firstly prevent the crinkle plate from cutting by lowering it using the lever. You need to do the same with a set of knives. To disengage this cutting set, firstly raise the large plate using the lever. Then disengage the set of blades by pulling on the handle. You can adjust the cutting thickness to suit your needs by lowering the large plate to various levels using the lever. And now all you need to do is to slide the vegetable from top to bottom down the mandolin, obtain perfect slices. Cutting vegetables into sticks is carried out using the built-in set of blades looking like a cone. To put them in the cutting position, raise the large plate as far as possible using the lever. Pull the handle and lock it in place using the pins to bring the set of blades into play. Then, by lowering the large plate to suit your needs, you can obtain the cutting thickness you want. All you need to do now is scrape the vegetable from top to bottom against the mandolin to produce French fries, straw potatoes, match stick potatoes and other grated vegetables. Cutting out crinkle vegetables is achieved using the built-in crinkle cutter plate. You need to prevent the strip cutting set from touching the vegetable. To do this, raise the large plate in order to lower the set of blades. Then, reposition the large plate ensuring that it is lined up with the central blade to prevent the vegetable from catching. Use the lever on the crinkle plate to adjust the cutting thickness. To obtain enhanced crinkle effects, cut once holding the vegetable in one direction, and make a second cut turning the vegetable one quarter a half of a turn and so on. You can achieve a fluted effect or cut vegetables into wavy sticks or serrated round slices in two operations. The first is carried out using the crinkle plate in order to produce the fluted effect or to cut thick slices. And the second using the central cutting plate to obtain serrated round slices or wavy sticks for example. Depending on the cutting plate being used, don't forget to ensure that the other plates are not operational. The guard makes it possible to cut precisely in complete safety except for cutting on the crinkle plate. Great care should be taken for crinkle cuts, fluted effects or cutting out wavy sticks or discs. Bronged crook recommends that you use the guard wherever possible. After having adjusted the cutting plates to the desired thickness, insert the guard into the runner like this. Place the vegetable into the compartment. Close the cover and move it from top to bottom using the handle. The mandolin is designed to require very little maintenance. However, here are a few tips from Bronged crook. Ensure that the cutting parts are neutralized before cleaning. Clean the mandolin under running water after each use to remove undesirable starch and juices. Sharpen the central blade regularly with a stone. Check the tightness of the nuts from time to time. And when putting the device away, hang it up in order to avoid wedging it between two heavy objects which may damage the blades.