 Today Kevin and I are going to be trying this coffee and Binyay mix. These were both bought at the Cafe Dumond in New Orleans, Louisiana from my dad and his wife Laura. They were down there for the jazz fest and so they bought these for us to try out. So the first thing I'm going to get Kevin going on this, this is the Binyay mix. The Binyay are their French donuts like it says on the box. Fried dough. It's fried dough yeah and so Kevin's going to follow the directions. I have way over there. I have an electric skillet, it's got about an inch of oil in it. So you need that heated up because it's going to be hot. And then you basically need seven ounces of water and then I need two cups of this dough. And this is a rolled dough so it's not just a dough you drop in balls or anything like that. You're actually going to roll this out and cut it. So it's only two cups of this mix. So while he's getting two cups, this is the coffee that we're going to be trying and it is coffee and chiquery and it's distributed by the Cafe Dumond. Coffee stand at Old Jackson Square, New Orleans, Louisiana. So there's that. And they bought me the coffee cup as well which I absolutely love. The coffee kept to go with it. So I actually already have the coffee made. It's in the pot while we're making these Binyays because if you want to have your coffee and your Binyay together. I think too. All right. So this is two cups of the mix. You just got to pour your water in and start with the spoon. I usually like to make a little holly when the middle. Not that it really matter. So there's a lot of that mix in there, right? There is. That's probably going to water too though. No, I mean, in here, in the box. It says it makes four dozen. So that's the whole box makes four dozen. But each servings per container is forty-end. But each one makes approximately it says somewhere on here. Two dozen. Oh, wow. That's going to make two dozen. Yeah, that's what it's in. So it's two dozen. So that's basically, that's what I thought. There's enough for another batch in this box. Oh, okay. So two batches. Okay. Okay. I guess you could have cut the recipe in half or something if you wanted it smaller. Right. But we'll make these and I'll, I've got to work tomorrow anyway. So I'll just take them to work with me. The people at work will like it. But actually, mixed up better than I thought. I thought it was going to be really, really hard to mix up. But it's really didn't. It's not sticky. It's a little sticky, but not bad. Sometimes dough is really hard to work with a spoon. But this one, this one's pretty good. Okay. All right. It just basically put flour on my countertop and drop it on. So it says flour pretty liberally. So I'm not too worried about, um, can flour all over the place, but I don't want it to stick either. Now you roll this out pretty thin. I mean, an eighth of an inch, I think that's pretty thin. And always, honestly, I always do just as good with my hands. I've got a rolling pin. I'm going to use it, but I'm just saying that I always did pretty good job with just flatten it out with my hands, but it's not as even. There has to be a reason that you've been at rolling pins, right? And you're going to roll, once you get this rolled out, you're going to cut it in squares, two and a quarter inch squares. So I'm going to go to an eighth of an inch. I literally took my little scale. I want two and a quarter inches, so I'm right about to there. So if I get a flat edge, I'll roll that doll back into, making some more. And then we get a flat edge going across here. Okay. I just want to kind of show you what two and a quarter is. That's about how big they're going to be. Oh, that's much smaller than I thought. What says? They puff up pretty big. It says, the serving says 0.6 ounces or 16 grams. It's only 60 galleries. Yeah, remember a big course. That's before you put all the powdered sugar on there. Yeah. And your deep frown on in oil. In oil, so I'm sure there are a lot more. More than 60 galleries. So I'm going to continue to cut these out into squares. And I don't think you want to see her and watch me do this for next a little bit. But once I get them all cut into squares, then it'll be ready to cut. Okay, got them all cut. I haven't reconstructed these, but I will. But I wanted to go ahead and get these in the oil. So I'm just going to grab a few of them. I got them up a plate with a paper towel, just a set of paper towels on here. And these are just going to drop in the oil. Now I've got enough oil here in this electric skill, which I can probably fry a ton of these. But I'll just get these started so you can see what they look like. They should pop up like that. Within eight to ten seconds, they should pop up and start floating. And then keep it on them because they brown pretty quick. And then you'll want to flip them over pretty regularly once they start floating. And then you'll take them out and you want to let them drain on a paper towel. I'll put another batch in. And what I'm going to do with these, I've got a paper bag just filled with powder and not fill. It's got some powder sugar on the bottom. I'm just going to drop these in there. And you really want to do ultimately a bigger bag, more of them. And just put it on here and shake them. I'm just going to pull them out by hand, but I'm going to save my powder sugar for other ones. All right. So I'm going to keep on working on these and I'll be back. Kevin and our twins, are we cute? We look cute, don't we? Okay. Let's try one of these first. Now I have to be honest, they didn't pop up like a fluffy wood. So I'm just telling them. Do you remember when we tried those cannelli chips? That's what these look like. Yeah. These are good, the fiber is good. But they didn't pop up. My dad, like I said, he's the one, he and his wife are the ones that brought us these things from New Orleans. When they went in a hentral, he really liked the fiber, but he said over and over. They'd be really good if they were filled with something. You know, around here, we're used to getting like, dumbets filled with a jelly. Yeah, jelly, something. He's right. This would be good with like buttercream. I love the flavor. The flavor is really good. Oh, it's good. The problem is it didn't pop up. No. So it's kind of dense in the middle. But my temperature, I turned it even up higher to almost 400 degrees. It did make a difference. It didn't pop up. I made sure they were thin and they were thin. So I don't know. Maybe they need to eat thinner. Maybe they're too thin and they should have been thicker. I don't know. I did an eighth of this just like they said. I'm not sure. You're not going to like this. Probably not. It's like black sugar. I mean, it's all got sugar in it. I don't have cream or because I don't buy cream or anymore. And I very rarely drink coffee. Honest of goodness, the only time I drink hot beverages at all is when you all send me something to review. I use to drink coffee twice a day. I used to drink. I mean, I used to really look forward to it, especially years ago. In the afternoon, I would look forward to my newspaper and my coffee. Well, what are you doing? We don't no longer get the paper. I haven't for years. But I don't drink coffee anymore. I was drinking it up until not too long ago. Nasi, I don't know if he's going to run it. He's putting milk in it. Just a little bit. People are not going to drink coffee? Oh, I know. I mean, you honestly didn't put much. I didn't. Anyway, I haven't been drinking the coffee. I drink cold drinking instead. So, but let me tell you, when I first opened this coffee and made it, I took heaven. This reminds me, it's like vacation coffee. That's what it smells like. It's the coffee that you smell when you're on vacation and they're brewing it first day in the morning. Very, very strong, very powerful stuff. That's what this is. And if you like coffee, I'm sure that's excellent. A little bit of milk helps you. I promise you, it tastes just like this. This reminds me when we were in Scotland and we would get up in the morning and we were on that bus tour and they were brewing that coffee and this is what it tastes like. This is just hotel coffee. It's not bad. That's not insulting at all. It's really good. It's strong coffee, though. If you're a coffee drinker, you love this. Yes. And then it's going to wake you up in the morning. This will do it. I actually like this. And if you're a real coffee drinker, you like it a little, you like that little bit of bitter under taste, this has it because it's coffee. I really like that a lot. It makes me wonder if it's... Not some I would drink. It's like the chickery. It says coffee in chickery. I don't know. It makes me wonder if all hotel type coffee has that chickery. I don't think so. I don't think so. It's not bad, though. It's good, though. It really is. And I like these. I just like Kevin. I wish they had puffed up because when you see them on TV and stuff like that, you see them. They look like pillows. They look like... Yeah, at least they puff up. Yeah. And I don't... That wasn't because of Kevin. I'm not sure where this works. Cafe, LA, rest in... Allay, oh cafe... I make your coffee, basically. And then mix. Mix freshly brewed coffee with equal amounts of hot homogenized milk to suit taste. So hot milk. Or just milk to generally would probably. I think both are good. I think I like the coffee more than the bignet mix though because the coffee is really good. The bignet just... They didn't puff up. Yeah. Good flavor. Just didn't puff up. Like I said, I don't know what I could have done differently. None of them really puffed up. A couple of them puffed up just a little bit. The none of them really like really puffed up. Yeah. So it's not like he had them too thick or too thin. He measured them. I don't know what he could have done any different. But yeah, the flavor was good and that's all that matters, right? It's all matters. Yeah. So I hope you enjoyed the video and thanks for watching.