 Alright right now I'm gonna show you guys how I make my iced vanilla green tea lattes with tea bags instead of the matcha powder because I don't make these often enough to buy matcha and these are good too. So I boiled this one, this is a cup of water that I boiled and I'm gonna put it in two tea bags so I'm gonna double brew it. So I'm just gonna put my tea bags in there. And this is just just original green tea. And then I'm gonna steep this for three minutes. And then when it's done, steeping, I'm not gonna make you watch it. When it's done, I'm gonna take the tea bags out and then throw them away and then I'm gonna put the tea in the refrigerator. If you wanted to sweeten with honey or just sweeten it right now when it's hot, you can do that. But I usually just wait until later after school. So I will come back when my tea is cool. Okay my green tea has cooled, I just left it in the refrigerator overnight. So I'm gonna pour it in this penera bread cup. I don't remember what size it is but I know it holds 20 ounces. So just pour that in there. And this is the tea that I double steeped. And then to that I'm gonna add half a teaspoon of vanilla extract. You don't have to use the vanilla, you can just make it a regular green tea latte if you want to. But I like the vanilla. And then I'm gonna add one packet of sweetener. You can sweeten it to taste. I just like one packet because I don't like to see it too sweet. And then you could also make this warm. It doesn't have to be iced. And if you make it warm, I know that honey is a fantastic sweetener for it. It's great. And then I'm gonna stir that. I'm gonna add my milk. This is one cup of skim milk. You know if you were to make it warm, obviously you would just brew the tea, heat the milk, add your sweetener, be good to go. So there is my skim milk. And then I add ice. And this one right here is, you see the full 20 ounces. And it is 86 calories because of the vanilla extract and you have the 8 grams of protein from the milk. If you were to leave the vanilla out, you can make it just a tea latte. And you'd only have the 80 calories in the 8 grams of protein. But there you go. That is my iced vanilla green tea latte made with tea bags and not the matcha. And I hope you guys enjoy.