 Hello friends, my name is Katie and I'm here with the Hobby Lobby Creative Studio. Today I'm so excited to show you decor inspiration for one room, done two ways. The first, a farmhouse style and the second, a little more traditional. Starting with the side table or buffet, fill vintage inspired canisters with faux floral items like these acorns bricks. Continue the trend with loose faux acorns in a galvanized metal tray. You can't go wrong with that beautiful texture, especially when paired with smooth white candles. White weight and forever fresh, faux pumpkins are great for stacking on top of cake pedestals and layering throughout your space. Green and white tone pumpkins are especially good for the farmhouse look. When it comes to the dining table, try putting a spin on the typical table runner. Use material from the Hobby Lobby Fabric department, like this buffalo check. To create two runners for spreading across the width of the table, instead of just one down the middle. Fill table settings with harvest inspired chargers and plates, adding a touch of wheat and burlap to tie in that earthy natural feel. Crafth a conversation worthy centerpiece, using a rustic wood container, floral foam, short cotton picks, and olive leaves. It comes together in no time. And for the finishing touches, add a few more pumpkins and a pillow or two. You're all set for an autumn time meal in true farmhouse fashion. Lay the foundation of your side table or buffet with a richly colored table runner. Faux elements from the Hobby Lobby floral department make great fillers and a cupcake stand. And a hand tied bow is a perfectly simple way to top it off. Fill out your space with a mixture of classic fall themed pieces, like cornucopias, pumpkins, and turkeys. Using a variety of metallic colored items is an easy way to bring warmth to the room. Add a harvest themed garland, either pre-made or DIY'd, and your buffet is guest ready. Dressing a more traditional table starts with the color palette, gold, burnt orange, and soft brown coordinate seamlessly, and a few fesant feathers at each place setting takes things to a new level of elegance. Just a pre-made swag as the centerpiece for your table, incorporating the same ribbon and feathers from the rest of the room to tie everything together. Seasonal figures provide a punch of personality, and glass photos filled with candles and faux acorns keep things bright and inviting. With a few more acorns and candles to finish up, your table is set to impress. Now all that's left to do is invite the guests. Which ever look you go for, you'll find everything you need at Hobby Lobby.