 Today we are going to attempt to clean the base of the steam iron and also clean the clogged holes of the base steam iron. Everyone has this steam iron and it works very well when the steam comes out from this heating panel. The problem is that over the period because of the salt water and heavy water, these holes get clogged and then the steam doesn't come. So the technique is very simple. Basically you need a few things to do this one. You need one old towel and then one old brush, then one small jar and the important thing is basically the vinegar. So in this particular technique what we are going to do is we are going to pour the vinegar. We are going to pour this vinegar into the tank where we usually pour the water. So like this and just fill up this one fourth and remaining you can pour with the water. After this close the lid and pour on the steam iron and make sure that it is on the cotton like this. And once it is ready you start ironing the old towel. And at the same time you have to spray the vinegar also. So eventually you will find that the dirty marks on this towel because those marks are basically the clogged dirt in the holes of the base. So let's wait for this to finish and once it is ready to iron we will do this. Now it is ready. So what I am going to do is I am going to use this old towel. Simple and iron this one. And at the same time I am going to spray that vinegar and let it come out from the front. And you see that the steam is coming but now the steam is kind of a mixed of vinegar and the water which we poured inside this tank. So see if you see the holes at the bottom they are getting open up and the water and vinegar it is started coming. Pretty nice technique. So try doing this one again and again and do this for like 5-10 minutes until the water gets finished. And make sure that your steam nozzle is at the max. So that you utilize the entire power of the steam. Let's one more time flush the steam from this one. And keep doing this one. We have finished entire solution, mixed solution of vinegar with the water using the steam. I about by ironing this cloth and you will see that it is pretty much clean. And this is the portion where we did iron and it was the original one. It is pretty white. And whatever this portion is it is the iron portion where you see that all marks and dirty marks because this pores gets open and whatever the dirt was there inside this steam iron that came out from there. But also you will see that in addition to that on this side the dirt came out. So only thing now left is basically cleaning this surface. So you remember like we are going to use this brush and deep this into the vinegar and just clean each of this surface like this. And this surface. Since it is still the iron is little bit hot it is not completely hot and but it is kind of warm that's why you are getting that wound. I would suggest let it get cold. Do this exercise on the cold iron. So here also I am going to use the same technique. So as you see that as I am brushing this part all that dirt is coming out and it is looking pretty nice. So let me clean this entire iron and show you the final thing. But the main important thing is not just the look but it is basically opening this clock pores and for that only you need is basically the vinegar. Here is the final clean surface of the steam iron. All the clogged holes are open now and it is pretty much in good condition now and ready to iron the clothes. Thanks for watching.