 How to make strawberry tarts. Hello and welcome to Video Jug. We've come to the Art of Hospitality in London. They specialize in making food with kids that's healthy and fun to cook. Chef Sally Kurt is going to show us how to make strawberry tarts. Step 1. To serve for, you will need. For the pastry. 250 grams of plain flour. 125 grams of chilled butter. 2 tablespoons of vanilla sugar. 1 egg. 2 to 3 tablespoons of cold water. And a little butter to grease the baking tins. For the filling. 200 grams of cream cheese. 2 tablespoons of icing sugar. Half a teaspoon of vanilla extract. 450 grams of ripe strawberries. 4 tablespoons of red-current jelly. Fresh mint to garnish. Here's that list again. You'll also need the following utensils. 1 large bowl. 2 small bowls. A wooden spoon. A cling film. A wire rack. A bun tray. A palette knife. A saucer. Some chickpeas or ceramic cooking beans. Tin foil. A knife. Some chickpeas or ceramic cooking beans. Tin foil. A knife. A chopping board. Kitchen towel. A saucepan. A ladle. A teaspoon. A table spoon. And a mini sieve such as a tea strainer. Step 2. The pastry. 250 grams of butter. Rub the butter into the flour with your finger tips. Don't squish it as this will crush or the air out. Rub it gently, lightly lifting your fingers as you go. Keep going until the mixture resembles fine bread crumbs. Add in 2 tablespoons of vanilla sugar. Step 3. Add egg and water. Carefully break an egg over a separate bowl. Tip the yolk from one side of the shell to the other, letting the clear part fall into the bowl. Put the yolk into another bowl. You only need the egg yolk for this recipe. Add 2 to 3 tablespoons of water to the egg yolk and quickly whisk with a fork. Make a well in the middle of the flour mixture and add a dash of the egg and water. Work the mixture in adding more egg and water until it begins to form a ball without being too sticky. If it's too dry, add a little more water. Shape the dough into a ball, wrap it in cling film and place in the fridge for about 30 minutes to chill. Step 4. Prepare the tins. Grease the baking tins using a little kitchen towel dipped in butter. Step 5. Roll. Remove the dough from the fridge, unwrap and cut into quarters. Sprinkle a tiny bit of flour onto a clean work surface. Press the dough with your hands to warm it and then use a rolling pin to roll out. Don't put too much pressure on the rolling pin. If it feels like it's sticking, rub a little flour onto the rolling pin. Roll the pastry until it is about 5mm thick. If it tears, don't worry, just push it back together. Step 6. Form the cases. Loosen the pastry from the work surface with a palette knife. Drap it over the rolling pin and let it into the baking tray. Cut off the excess with a knife and shape the top with your fingers. Step 7. Chill. Line each of the pastry cases with a square of tin foil and fill each with baking beans to weigh the pastry down. Place them back in the fridge for about 15-20 minutes to chill. Step 8. Preheat the oven. Meanwhile, turn the oven to 200 degrees Celsius. Step 9. Bake. Remove the pastry cases from the fridge and immediately put them in the oven to bake for 7 minutes. Then, remove the beans and foil. This can be tricky, so that it should always be an adult around to help. Return the cases to the oven and bake for a further 3 minutes. Then, place them on a wire rack to cool while you make the filling. Step 10. The filling. Put 200 grams of cream cheese in the large mixing bowl. Sift in about 1 tablespoon of icing sugar. Add half a teaspoon of vanilla extract and beat well with a wooden spoon. Have a taste and add more icing sugar of vanilla extract if you think it needs it. Step 11. The strawberries. Remove the leaves and stalks from the strawberries and clean the tops with a little kitchen towel. Carefully slice each strawberry in two to be extra safe. Hold them like this. Make a bridge shape with your fingers, put the knife in the gap and slice. Step 12. Fill the cases. Place a small amount of the cream into each pastry tart and smooth it around. Arrange the chopped strawberries on top. Step 13. Jelly. Now make a glaze. Put 4 tablespoons of red-current jelly into a saucepan over a low heat and leave to melt. Add a couple of tablespoons of water after about 3 minutes, just enough to make it runny. If the mixture begins to bubble, give it a quick stir and lower the heat. It will be ready in about 8 minutes. Use it straight away before it solidifies. Ladle a little over the strawberry tarts. Garnish with fresh mint. Done.