 There are a number of significant differences between laying bricks and concrete besset blocks. Concrete blocks are much stronger than bricks, especially when steel rods and concrete are laid into them. I'm about to lay two different types of walls with concrete blocks. The first one will be the front basement wall of my house, and this will have to be waterproof. The second one is a retaining wall to go here that will support this side of the timber deck that I'm going to build off the house. This wall doesn't have to be waterproof. In fact, I'm actually going to encourage the water to flow through it. You have to give controlling groundwater serious consideration when constructing a retaining wall. Because it's not just the fill that will push the wall over the main thing that will push it over is hydraulic pressure. When that gets wet, so if you can control the water, you'll ease the pressure. The mortar mix for concrete blocks is different to what you use when laying bricks. The mortar here needs to be weaker than the concrete blocks themselves, so that any undue stress will crack the mortar rather than the blocks themselves. Make sure you use the proper brick-blank double-washed sand in the correct ratio. As we've lined bricks with this washing detergent, in your water to give your mortar elasticity and the help of flow smoothly off the trail. Bricks can be laid from both ends of a wall towards the middle because any uneven gaps can be filled in by cutting bricks to the specific size. However, with hollow concrete blocks, it's much easier if you avoid odd-sized pieces and make your wall to a full or half-block lens. Start laying your first course at one end and go all the way to the other to ensure this is the case. After you've laid your first course, you can build up your ends and use a string on. To make yourself, of course, height gates like I did with brick-blank. Most blocks are 190mm high, so you add 10mm for the mortar. You knock this every 200mm. I use a hacksaw so the marks won't rub off. Because concrete blocks have a hollow centre, you can't lay mortar onto the middle of them like you do with bricks as I showed in my previous tutorial. A different trail technique is required based on the mortar board and the block itself. You have to use sawsages. Oh, there you go. This is a... I'm trying to do a serious tutorial here. I'm going to just stand dinner. Take a slice of mortar and roll it from side to side to form a sausage the length of your trail, then scoop it up. Cut the edge of the block with a tip of your trail and slice downwards to leave the sausage on the block. Cut out half sausages on your mortar board, 40 positing across the concrete blocks. Cut out half sausages on your mortar board and roll it from side to side to form a sausage the length of your trail. Cut out half sausages on your mortar board and roll it from side to form a sausage the length of your trail. I like steel reinforcing rods in my house slab and foundations every 400mm or every 2 block length. This wall is going to be 2.8m high but the rods are shorter at this point in construction because it would have been impractical to lift the blocks over an attic taller. The blocks are laid and I'll put concrete into them at these points. These pillars will tie the blocks together and add incredible strength. About half of my concrete blocks have this cut out in them which allows the laying of steel reinforcing bars horizontally every 2 or 3 courses. This adds to the wall strength yet again. For even more strengths I'll lay external block pears going out towards the dirt fill along with the central internal brick wall. These tiles will lock in all joining brick walls at the house to the concrete block walls. This is the first time I've ever had a concrete block in my house. This is the first time I've ever had a concrete block in my house. This is the first time I've ever had a concrete block in my house. This is the first time I've ever had a concrete block in my house. Here's the last time I County back on the porch! Although you could paint this wall with bitumen paint, it is much quicker to use pool liner plastic to waterproof this basement wall of the house. This membrane has to go into the drainage trents of dug below the level of the slab. The pipe has to go right on the bottom of the trench otherwise it won't catch the water and drain it away. Agriculture drain pipe fitted with an anti-settlement sock goes into the trench and is covered with washed gravel. The pipe has to go right on the bottom of the trench otherwise it won't catch the water and drain it away. The pipe has to go right on the bottom of the trench and is covered with washed gravel. The pipe has to go right on the bottom of the trench and is covered with washed gravel. The pipe has to go right on the bottom of the trench and is covered with washed gravel. The pipe has to go right on the bottom of the trench and is covered with washed gravel. A layer of sediment catching cloth goes on top of the washed gravel to stop it silting up. This drainage barrier will now be continued with rocks, bricks and wall gravel right to the top of the wall as it's built. And now for something completely different. The bottom three causes on this retaining wall are different to the wall on the house because I want the groundwater to go through this one. In the first two or three causes I'll lay blocks on this side away from where the steel rods are positioned and I won't put any mortar on the ends, leaving wheat poles between the blocks. Doing this means no ag piping is needed in the gravel fill behind this wall. The bottom three causes on this side of the trench and is covered with washed gravel. The bottom three causes on this side of the trench and is covered with washed gravel. The bottom three causes on this side of the trench and is covered with washed gravel. The bottom three causes on this side of the trench and is covered with washed gravel. The bottom three causes on this side of the trench and is covered with washed gravel. The bottom three causes on this side of the trench and is covered with washed gravel. The bottom three causes on this side of the trench and is covered with washed gravel. The bottom three causes on this side of the trench and is covered with washed gravel. The bottom three causes on this side of the trench and is covered with washed gravel. The bottom three causes on this side of the trench and is covered with washed gravel. The bottom three causes on this side of the trench and is covered with washed gravel. The bottom three causes on this side of the trench and is covered with washed gravel. The bottom three causes on this side of the trench and is covered with washed gravel. As I said earlier in this video, rather than pouring the pierce within the block walls in one go, I'm going to do it in stages just because it's easier. I'm making sure that I only pour the concrete to a half block height so that as I add each section it'll lock in and I'll add more spheel. But getting the concrete in the half out of a wheelbarrow shovel is a pretty sloppy affair. I couldn't find any work so I made my own funnel. I'll be able to throw the concrete in there and you need something like this because you mix needs to be very wet and sloppy to make sure penetrates properly. I'm going to use the concrete to make sure that the concrete is not too dry. I'm going to use the concrete to make sure that the concrete is not too dry. The concrete is covered with a piece of concrete and is covered with sandpaper. I'm going to use the concrete to make sure that the concrete is not too dry. I'm going to use the concrete to make sure that the concrete is not too dry. I'm going to use the concrete to make sure that the concrete is not too dry. I'm going to use the concrete to make sure that the concrete is not too dry. I'm going to use the concrete to make sure that the concrete is not too dry. I'm going to use the concrete to make sure that the concrete is not too dry. I'm going to use the concrete to make sure that the concrete is not too dry. I'm going to use the concrete to make sure that the concrete is not too dry. I'm going to use the concrete to make sure that the concrete is not too dry. I'm going to use the concrete to make sure that the concrete is not too dry.