 So a lot of resources you'll find about gluing acrylics, say you need some sort of special acrylic glue. And I am happy to tell you that you can just use everyday acetone to glue acrylic together. These are an example of two rings that I glued together and I'm really putting a lot of tension on them. And this is awesome because acetones are common every day solvent that you can find in a hardware store. But it actually provides an extremely strong bond when you're working with acrylic. So I've got another ring that I'm going to bond together and I need to put this clear plastic piece under the black piece here as the top of it. So first thing I'm going to do, the first time I tried to do this, I tried to use a lot of people you see are bonding furniture using acetone. But this is a really light piece of work so we don't really have a lot of pressure to put on top of this. The first time I tried to do this, I tried to use just like a cotton swab type thing like this. And the acetone really evaporates so quickly because it's a solvent that you just can't use this type of thing for doing this. So what I did is I obtained a syringe type thing from my dentist office. And I'm going to use that. A lot of the bottles that the professional glue's come in and actually have a very thin n-tip just like this. So what you can do is, see here, you can sit your piece, your piece is right together and just let them sit. And what you want to do is fold the end of your tip right on the edge of the work surface of the two pieces to be bonded together. You just put a little bit and if you, I don't know if you saw that but just putting a little bit of it will automatically go, and go all throughout the bottom of the material. That gap, that little gap that spreads out inside of it automatically. And you just need a little bit. There, I just added some more. And you'll want to let that sit for about a day. And I am just, I can't believe how strong this is once this sits. So I hope you have fun with the acetone acrylic.