 Before you came round, my heart would never be much faster. Hey guys and welcome to another episode. Today I am making tea. Before you came round, I was heading for a spa. It's our style. But not just the wood for tea, it is sunny. And I am making two raised fees. The one is Reibos tea. And the other one is a yogi brand called Women's Energy. It looks like this. And it has a Ayurvedic blend with a Baskus, Angelic root and ginger. And it is absolutely beautiful. And I will show you what the tea looks like. It basically starts pulling straight away in the cold water. You don't actually need to add warm water anyway. Or even wait 2-4 hours for your tea to be ready. It's almost ready within half an hour. It's got a beautiful pink colour, the one. And the other one has a beautiful golden colour. And you can add sweetens with it if you like. But I like it just the way it is. Because it is so fruity and delicious. And I hope you enjoy this recipe as well. I am sitting outside today to change things up. I am still moving. I think I have got a week and a half late. Before I actually move. So things are a little bit stressful at the moment. So I am trying to relax. Take it easy. And having a cup of tea normally makes things feel better. I was ready to blow me down. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. I am going to make a cup of tea. Do the whole frugal thing with it. For instance, if you want to reuse your old tea bags, you can just in the morning you can just add them in a cup of water and leave them outside and for a few hours later you can bring it inside and have ice tea in your fridge. And I think that is really awesome. So if you like this sort of thing, if you like this video, please give it a thumbs up. And if you have not already, please subscribe to see more videos like this one. Enjoy your week. Cheers guys.