 Lobster. It's sweet, tender and pure deliciousness, but it's also one of those dishes that we tend to only order at restaurants because the idea of cooking live lobster at home can be really intimidating. But today we're going to show you how to conquer your food fear of lobster. Hey, I'm here with Save and Lomac and Jim Solicis of Cousin's main lobster right in front of their famous food truck. They're going to teach us how to cook and prepare live lobster like the pros. You may recognize these guys from ABC Shark Tank. The cousins who grew up together in Maine parted ways to start their careers and then in 2012 got together and opened Cousin's main lobster. A food truck featuring the fresh main lobster they grew up on here in Los Angeles. All right guys, I'm so excited to learn how to cook live lobster with the first thing that we need to do. Bring your pot of water to a boil. All right and what are we going to put in this pot of water? We do salt water and seaweed back home but if you're you guys do real ocean water right? We do. Yeah. Yeah. I said you can't think of anything down with a bucket in a pale and when he's done doing like sandcastles he brings us water out. Good for weightlifting too. So you can carry him and you're really strong. But here so you can you know do the same idea. Great. But with your sea salt. Oh yeah. Oh well well. We really brought that up. We're quickly eating. All right, let's talk about the live lobster. Now what is the purpose of putting them on ice? Calm them down it relaxes them as well. You also want to keep the lobster as fresh as long as possible. So you have really a short window to keep the live lobster as until they're ready to go. So you can keep it in your fridge as well. Do you recommend cooking the lobster with the rubber bands on the cloth to protect yourself? The best way to do it is take the bands off it actually helps with the flavor. It overall kind of tenderness of the meat. Was it tough? Oh my god. Have you guys ever been punished before? As punishment. It's little kids yeah. We used to put like coins in their in their claws to grease them on the floor together. Points? You were puppy drinking. Okay. By the way if you do this with lobsters and you're up in right here they'll fall asleep. Yeah. What? Are you serious? Are you kidding me? No, I'm not serious. I'm not kidding. I'm not kidding. This is like, I don't know but this is the best. This is not fall asleep though. Literally if you do this for like a minute it's kind of like when you do a snail when you come to snail, it'll fall asleep and then this is what we also used to do and then we'll kind of hold up. Okay yoga. Oh my god. Send calls eventually they'll kick out of it. So what is the most humane way to cook the lobster and what are some of their techniques that people use? The most humane way that we do and the most people show it is a boiling or steam pot of water head first in and then you know nine minutes later it's all over but it's just it's not you know screaming from lobster is really just air releasing and it's probably the most humane and not the way to do it. Here we go. All right. See you. I'm just dropping. Slow yeah. How long are we going to cook the lobster for? You don't want to do about nine to ten. Everyone's got their own kind of range but nine to ten minutes per pound. Traditionally in Maine definitely need a potato but whether it's mashed or some skillet, rusted, roasted potatoes, corn for sure, we're known for sweet Maine corn. That's delicious. Jimmy likes cold slime. I almost have one on the side. We also drink it. So you need to have something that's paired and it's going to taste delicious. While Jimmy and I like beers our mothers do white wine. Oh they're going to put down two bottles at least. Yeah. Oh. Look at the meat. Oh right. That's hostess Emma, white wine. Yeah. So this is going to bring out a nice buttery flavor of chardonnay to compliment your lobster. We don't have to wait until we do it. We can choose. We're half way there. Okay so this has been in about 12 minutes. It's bright red. It looks ready. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. Big daddy. That looks not alive. And also you can see that the meat is white as opposed to translucent. That's another good way to check. Alright. Let's eat them. Cool. Let's do it. So just one indication for cooking the lobster from the live state. You never want to cook it if it's expired. And one way to know when you're done is that the tail will round itself underneath the spot. So like this you see it stays underneath. But if you had cooked it as it was expired, tail would be out like that. So it's just a good way to know that health wise you're saying anything that you have to have. At least a pick and a fork is necessary or unnecessary. Okay. Depending on how strong you are, which I'm very strong, Jim's a little neat. You're going to use these. Okay. Okay. Maybe John talking about it. And really just going to get dirty. We need we have the butter, we have the lemon, we have the white wine. Let's do it. Okay. These are the little legs. Not much meat number. It's really sweet. So saving will show you how. But you can rip from this side just literally take it by the base and rip it off. And then you want to just get rid of that piece. Right. And then put the leg in the mouth. Okay. Yeah. So that's your different like sweet little tender meat. Then we're going to go to the two claws. Claw and knuckle. You're going to rip the whole knuckle and claw off to get pretend you're really tough. Okay. So why don't you show me and I'll watch you. Wow. So whole thing. Oh, that was easy. So this guy is this is your knuckle. Okay. And then to the claw. So you can separate now the claw, the knuckle from the claw. That a girl. So this is cartilage. You're going to want to remove which is in all the claws. You're taking this out of the meat. So you can remove this little guy first from the claw and you end up with your meat. So now I'm going to rip it. Yeah. There you go. Oh, yeah. Oh, my. That is the money. So we got the meat out of the claw. These little guys. What's next? Knuckle. My knuckle go. Grab your knuckle. And we crack it. Okay. I got to get it. Okay. You can either pull it but most likely stick your finger in there and poke it up. Oh. Yeah. And you're getting it. Yeah. You don't need fancy equipment here. No, no, no. That's the whole point. Alright. So now you can compare. You had your claw. She seems really yummy. She seems out. Well, tender, sweet. So next we're going to attack the tail. The tail. Yes. You can do it without it. Just. Oh, no, no. I cannot. I'm curious. Yes, you might be able to. Sure instinct. Okay. So we want to take the tail off. So I'm thinking we're going to use our gun. Yeah. How did it go? Good. You're going very nice. Okay. So now you're going to take these guys off. You can do it one by one or so. Once you remove those guys, you're going to do the same thing you do with the knuckles and just push the meat out. So you just want to pull that back. Pull it all back up. You got your clean lots of tail. Yes. And then it's a matter of whether you want to take it like this. I usually rip it apart down the mill, but it's completely empty. How do you like to do it? The tail is so tough compared to everything else. I don't know why it gets all the credit. The tension. I'm going to try the tail. What do you think? Guys, thank you so much for teaching me how to cook live lobster. You did a great job. It was all right. Good student. What do you, I give her a B? What? A plus. Alright, now that you have conquered your food sphere of lobster, be sure and get your own fresh main lobster from cousinsmanlobstor.com. I'm Brandi. We'll see you next time on Popsnaker.