 Hi there. My name is Tracy Tours. My beautiful broad territory is making the presentation. Together we make TNT-Voisted Corn. We'd like to present this presentation to you. I'd like to show you our products, how they're cooked, the preparation, the preparation, the preparation, the process. We'll start with our most-disposed wash. For our menu we serve zucchini, squash, and yellow summer squash. We start with the yellow summer. We start with the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, the green onion, and we can also offer with that water cell and cream it cheese, but we will tend to just put in and put some water on it, and try to dress that up a bit. Next we'll show you our three zucchini splashes. All of our products we tried to buy from local growers here in Colorado like the new business with our local farmers. Whenever those items are available from our local growers, that's what we'll buy. And we'll keep the revenue here in our home state. So we're going to move on now and show you our sweet baked potato. And we'll offer a little butter to that. And if you choose, we can also put sour cream and cheese in there if you like. We also have a lot of people like cinnamon, a brown sugar with that which we also offer for this particular item. Or whatever the item you'd like to sit on. Okay, so now we're going to show you our regular rusted baked potato. Again, add butter to this. We do use real butter, not margarine, sour cream, cheese. And then we're going to offer you know bacon bits. And on this side of the, on this side and we offer this on both sides of our unit is our condiment. We have lemon, pepper, cayenne, pepper, salt, parmesan cheese, Valentino hot sauce, Cajun seasoning, black pepper, and a little bit of local growing stuff, real burritos, hot sauce-y. And of course, a thing for the potatoes. Okay, so we're going to move on to our main item which is grocery corn. And we'll demonstrate a couple of ways that this is. First way to do that is just on the cob. Just drop that down like that. Drop it in a paper towel like so so you can handle it. And we'll butter that up. Now, the urethrocessor will be able to walk over here and add salt. I particularly like lemon pepper but, sorry about that. But again, there's also other spices, parmesan cheese is really good on there. And that's the way we'll serve that up to you. That's very good stuff. Okay, the other way we're going to serve that down to you is to choose. We're going to cut it off the cob and offer it to you in the cob. We've had this unit particularly specifically built before this kind of work. What we're going to do here is we're going to shave this off the cob. And then the cob for you like that again. We'll go off the butter to it. So our cream, we're going to choose cheese. And then whatever other condiment that you prefer, you're welcome to step over there or over here on either side of our unit. And whatever you like in there. These are the foods that we're going to offer for our customers. And now I'd like to show you a little bit more about how our machine operates. We put our products inside these racks right here. And they rotate around by hand. The propane flame that goes across the bottom of our oven is totally enclosed. There's no fire that's allowed outside that particular box. We are licensed by both the help department of Colorado and the state of Colorado to do business in the state of Colorado. We'd like to walk around here. We'd like to show you a little bit of the back of our system that comes equipped with four compartments sink. Which the help department really likes and that really helps us get along with the what the help department of Colorado and other states. Again, our box is fully enclosed, no flame outside. We've been approved by the fire department of Colorado. We're all licensed to do business here in Colorado. We hope that you enjoyed our presentation. We hope to be invited to either your event or to in front of your place of business, your part-day parties, private events. We're looking forward to doing business with you all. Thank you for your time.