 Here we are. We are working on how to build a French drain. Smile for the camera. Looking so good. This is really a pain in the rear project because it's on the side of the hill. Nearly impossible to get stuff out of here. Clay. We're working with clay. Clay dirt. But we get water in the garage and we want to keep water out of the garage. So look at that. Look at that clay. Stick to that shovel. Oh my goodness. What a pain in the rear. And so what we're going to do with this, we got to dig down below the foundation about six inches. And then we're going to put on some foundation sealer, put on some plastic, put in a French drain, and that'll solve our problem. We're getting down to the foundation. You can see that what we got is we got a little bit of a L-shaped down there. So we've got the ditch. Pretty much dug out. And that's likely. That's where I've thought the problem is all along where the two concrete meet. Here looks like it could be the case. But this whole wall here looks like it has issues. So we're going to seal the wall. And it appears as though it's been poured poorly. And we got a crack line that follows all the way there. So what I've got to need to do is I need to make sure I fill the bigger holes before I seal that. That's what I'm going to do now. So I've got my caulk done now and I'm going to start sealing that thing up. Here we go. All right, so you can see I've got some concrete caulk going on there. Stuff you buy at the store, you can buy it in tubes. There's also powdered stuff called concrete patch you can use. A couple of different applications. I chose the concrete caulk for this. And you can see that I've got it on there. We're having our ditch come out down here. And this is where we're going to drain it down here, down stream somewhere. All right, so here we are. We painted the black stuff on a couple of days ago. We've got it all the way down the wall. And it is just a gooey gooey mess. But the next stage is now we've got this plastic that we're putting on here. We staple the plastic. It's going to be at an L kind of like an L so that we can keep, you know, it's just a double protection. We've got my men scot over there. Scott's getting ready to lay down a little layer of gravel. We'll do it together on the bottom. Then we'll put the drain on that and then we'll put several inches, maybe up to six inches of gravel. So that's what's happening next. Or a little bit of gravel in the bottom. Just kind of make it level for our drain pipe. And then there's some muscle up there working hard. Look at them go. That's what you need when you're doing a project. You need a guy named Scott. All right, so we've got our drain pipe in and we have a downspout going down here. We're getting the gravel put in there. See it's looking really good. Scott back there is working really, it's taking hard. Look at him. Woo! What a man. And once again, Scott is out working me. Look at him go. Yeah, that's right. My boss is here. So we've got, we're covering up here and you will see isn't that gorgeous. We have, you know, about six inches of gravel on there. Nice looking French drain. Now we're going to fill it back up and all your troubles go down the drain. So we're making good progress. We're just about done here with the French drain and we're starting to fill it. A little bit more filling and straightening out and we'll have that done on this project.