 Hey guys, welcome back to another Big Meat Sunday. Thanks for coming back. Today, I'm really excited about this recipe. It's fried chicken, crispy, spicy, awesome fried chicken, and it's super easy. We're gonna do it in the oven. So we don't have to deal with any of the downfalls of frying and all the mess. Tell you what, this recipe is easy, delicious, and you're gonna love it. Stick around. Got some ingredients together here. First thing we're gonna do is set up an egg wash, super simple, just grab a couple of eggs, and a little bit of milk. Probably about a couple of milk. I'm gonna throw in a little bit of salt, just a pinch, and a little pepper. And we'll get that wafes together. There's something awesome about fried chicken. I don't know what it is, but anything as fried as good, but tell you what, fried chicken is, just something magic about it, you know what I mean? All right, so that's about what you want that to look like. Get it all nice and mixed together. All right, so we have our egg wash down. Now we're gonna set up our little dredging apparatus here. We're gonna do probably about, it's probably two cups of flour in there. One cup of panko breadcrumbs. Three quarters of a cup or so of cornmeal. And this is where it's kind of up to you. I like a nice big pinch of salt, but like that. And about the same with pepper. About half that amount, maybe a teaspoon of red pepper flakes. Chipotle chili powder. About a half a teaspoon. Paparica. And we have some cornstarch. And the cornstarch actually makes it much crunchier. I like extra crispy, so we're gonna go with two heaping spoonfuls here of that. And a little bit of sage, the powdered sage, not the actual, just just a little bit. Probably like a quarter teaspoon, but just leaves it nice. It's good stuff. And a little bit of time probably, call it a half tablespoon. And two nice big helpings of garlic powder, maybe three. Probably about a full tablespoon, maybe a little more. And this is gonna make incredible crispy awesome. Excellent. So this is all incorporated what I'm gonna do now. I'm gonna go grab myself a wire rack. We're gonna set up the assembly line here so we can dredge, dredge, dredge. And then I'm gonna set the chicken on a wire rack and let it rest. So I'm gonna go grab that rack, get some of this stuff put away. Alright guys, this is where you need to stay witty and on your toes. Because I screw this up every damn time. Chicken, you've grabbed the chicken. Now you have a wet hand. This is your dry hand. This is what we're gonna do. And that was awesome. Into the flour. Just coat it. Dry hand into the wet. Using wet hand now. Coating. Into the dry again. This is gonna be awesome. Just as long as I can keep up that exact procedure. More often than not, I forget and I got wet hand in the dry and the dry and the wet. And it's just mayhem. I tell you it's crazy. Okay guys, so I'm just gonna finish up these chicken legs. You could use thighs or breasts or whatever you want. Just kind of follow along. Do as I do. Here. Dry wet dry. What you're looking for, when we set them off on this rack is basically a, almost like a doughy consistency. You want the egg wash to kind of soak into this flour mixture. And just kind of absorb it so it becomes all kind of incorporated and sticks it better to the chicken that way. So we'll get these guys finished up. Toss them in the oven. Alright guys, so it's been about 50 minutes. We looked at the chicken, looks perfect. That's what we like to see. So we got mom over here. She's gonna be cooking this up nice looking salad. Hi YouTube. I did turn these guys over for, after about a half an hour. Oh my god, those looks so good. Yeah, so we're gonna let them, we're gonna let those cool off for, you know, 15 minutes let all that crust kind of come together. It's gonna get nice and crispy. We'll catch you on the flip side. We're gonna taste this. It's gonna be nice. Yeah, wait. So it's been about 15 minutes in the kernel. You got nothing on me man. This is what I'm talking about. This is some crispy, delicious looking chicken. Let's just do it right now. I want to taste this so bad. Mmm. Mmm. Wow. This is seriously crunchy and delicious. Oh my god. Oh, it's so good. 400 degrees, 50 minutes. That's what you need to know. That's all you need to know. It's so easy and it's so much easier than frying. Obviously you can change the seasoning if you want. That's, you know, go with what you like, you know. Wow. Spiciness, sweetness, chicken-ness, crispiness, spiciness, awesomeness. This is great you guys. I hope you guys like this recipe. You know the drill. Sub button. Thanks you guys. Appreciate it. You all take care. Stick around. Now we're gonna take a little bit of cornstarch. Probably about, whoa. That was ugly. Shit. Now what do I do?