 Alright guys, what's up Gary T-shirt help desk here and today I got something really great for you. I kind of did a little stuff with this subject before but today I am going to get in depth. Not only am I going to get in depth, I'm going to show you exactly where you can get this stuff to really take your business to another level. A whole, another level. Alright, two people recently hit me up and they were saying that, hey gee, one person said it was just like, hey, you know, what can I get blank t-shirts with no labels in them, I want to put labels in them. And another person was like, I need labels for my t-shirt line, you know, I need to put in some labels with my name. Alright, so today's episode is going to be about labels and I'm going to go in depth and show you exactly where you can get those labels and I'm going to explain a couple of things to you guys, okay? So let's go. Alright, so I want to show you guys some t-shirts and some labels, okay? And I'm going to show you exactly how you can make this happen, alright? So this is a, this is a really cool t-shirt. I may have showed you this before and this one has a label inside of the neck, I don't know if you guys can see that. That's like a grograin label. Alright, is there a label on this bad boy? No. This is the t-shirt. I stay fresh. I think I showed you guys about this before, I put the tag on it and this one I got from Spreadshirt and Spreadshirt. They have their own little, you know, if you guys can see that. That's a really cool thing to have their own label. This is a sleeve label. They also have their, you know, neck label. Alright. This is a really cool shirt. I have two. It has a really cool geometric pattern and also has a neck label. Alright, and it also has a head label. That's the front and right here at the bottom you can see. If you label, sneak tip right at the bottom here. Alright, and this one right here is something that we've all seen. I've showed you several times. This is just your basic t-shirt and they have the hangs and this is a transfer label. Alright, I'm going to show you how you can do some of that good stuff too. Alright, and where do you get all this stuff from? I'm going to show you guys that you can have these things custom made for you. I'm going to show you a couple of things here. Alright, and I'm going to show you some really cool stuff too. Alright, this right here. I'm going to show you something that you can get made. And if you're into manufacturing, you're going to stop done. This right here is a custom terror away label. So if you want it, you're labeled to be torn away like one of these bad boys that I have. Like these delta ones, you can have that made. And for those you don't know, you can take these and you just tear it out. And it's made to be torn right on out. Alright, you go to this company, you send them to your artwork, boom, it's done. Now, this one right here, alright, I told you about you could do the screen printed kind, which is all the heat transfer kind. You can also get a heat transfer kind, but you can also have them done and made specifically for you. Let me just show you this. It's probably going to be reverse. And also you can have different colors and you can have the size put right there. And this, alright, if you get yours, will look just like this. And the great thing about it is you take it and it's really cool if you use a neck button. No, no, no, a hat press. You can get a hat press for like 150 bucks, many now bucks. And you just put it right there, right? Stamp it with the heat press and boom. You've got it and you can got these and they're not that expensive. This is great. You can get one color. And you'll have something just like this and boom, you can put them on and you really take your stuff to the next level with that stuff, alright? Inside of the back neck. Alright, inside of the back neck, these are thermal printed labels. Alright. And you can have these done guys. You can make these to put inside of your, this is just like when you see the labels. Like this, like the sneak tip labels for those of you if you want to actually put a label. You can get these bad boys made, you know, or you can get a woven label. Let me show you the woven labels. You can get colors. These are a little bit more expensive, but any color, any style, any color, that you want. Like, you know, you see this one right here? This is very large couture. Okay? They sent me samples. This is very similar to, that is very similar to this sneak tip one. Just get these bad boys made. Alright, and what this does guys is this takes your line to another level. This is another finish. Got that from my brother Isaac Legend from Issy Yamma. It's another finish that just puts you over the edge and you start to look like the guys that are in stores. So, and I detail all this stuff in my book, you know what I'm saying? The, what's something called, perceived value. When people see these really nice labels and they see stuff, you know, this nice stuff. And then the, right here and these nice woven labels and your personalized colors and artwork in the backnet, it takes you to a whole another level. They don't just see hangs or American, a parallel or whatever. It's like you are legitimate and then people's minds and then people's psyche is like, wow, these guys are serious. You know, I love that word, serious. These guys are serious. These guys are the real deal. Alright? Also when you show you can get some stuff and this is for, you know, some of the, you know, there's a lot of ladies here. You can get something like this, whereas this right here, you know, if you guys can see that, that is gold. Sometimes it's called lorex. That is gold thread right there. It just takes the stuff to a whole, another level. Like I said, for the backnet, you can get the woven kind or you can get these, um, thermal printed kind. Alright? Take this, fold it, you can put your care information on the back, take this, fold it, put it in the backnet and I'm going to show you exactly how to do that. I'm talking just, this video is going to be awesome guys. Now this right here is something that they do also. Now I showed you guys one way to do hand tags, which is an economical way. But if you guys are going to spend a few more bucks, you can get some of these bad boys. Okay? These are custom and die cut hand tags. Alright? Let me just, let me just show you some of this. This is a die cut hand tag. It looks just like a handbag. There's something for the ladies. You know, you can get this bad boy, something like this. And you know, they have the little twine and safety pin. You can get something that looks like a t-shirt or your artwork right here, your brand name. Something like this, which is with a little ribbon. Like this. This one is like a canvas. I don't know if you can see that, but you know, you get the sky is the limit when it comes to this kind of stuff. Alright, so you can get custom die cut. Like I said, if your thing is a shade, these, you know, they may a little bit more pricey. But when people see this stuff, this, my friends will give you a line, something called perceived value. Alright? Now, this right here, I want to show you a couple things. This is a really, really special thing. I'm going to show you this in a second. How you can put these on and really take your things to the next level. Alright, now this right here, I'm going to show you this one is also some of these great labels that you can, you can do, you can fold. And I'm going to show you, I mean, like look at that. That's like a little bicycle. If you have a, whatever your logo or icon is and right on the back, check this out. You know, that's, this is called red by brand. Right on the back, you see, I don't know if I'm going to focus in. I don't know if you can even see that, but that's red by brand right there, right on the back. And I'm going to show you a couple of things. I'm going to show you how you can put these on. Alright? Now, there's one way you can do it that is, that will last, you know, it may eventually come off. It depends. There's another way that you can do these. Alright? Once you buy them and you put them on and it will stay forever. Okay? Once you buy these and you get these, alright? You can put them on a couple of ways. You can go to a manufacturer and you can send them and have your stuff custom made in the manufacturer. You just send them these and they'll put it on when they make your t-shirts. In that case, there's high, high minimums. It's going to cost you a lot of money and they're going to charge you to put these on. Or if you're doing a small lot and you're just coming out, I'm going to show you how you can put these bad boys on yourself. Alright? Now, if you have one already, you can just use one you have, but I know some of you don't. It's called a sewing machine. You're going to have to sew these on, either the manufacturer is going to sew it or you can sew it. Okay? Sew machines can be very expensive and you're not really making pants or suits. You're just putting on labels. Alright? So, I have something here for you bad boys. Check this out. Now, look at how, look at how, I mean, this bad boy literally fits. I mean, you could say, I mean, in the palm, I mean, I have pretty big hands, but this bad boy fits in the palm of my hand. Alright? This, my friends, is the label baby and I'm going to show you how to use it. You can use a regular sewing machine. You can just buy one online, you know? Or if you just want to sew these bad boys on, I'm going to show you how you can put these bad boys on with this little bad boy that's really inexpensive and you can make one. And I'm going to show you exactly where you can get all of these labels. And I'm going to show you another way that maybe even more simple, but it may not last forever like this will. So, hey, come on, let's go. What's up, what's up guys? I am here. I'm going to show you guys how to add a label to your t-shirts. Okay? Now, there's a couple of ways that you can do this and I'm going to show you one particular way. It's going to take something. You're going to need a sewing machine to really put it on there in a permanent way. Alright? Now, your mom may have one, your mom or your dad, you know? Your dad may sew. You may have one of my house that may be one of an addict, one of the cries, one of the causes somewhere. You just hit that bad boy out, dust it off and get busy. If not, if not, I've got something for you guys. It's right here, the label baby. Okay? They're going to be available at the link below. If you're interested, make sure that you sign up in that list and you'll be the first to receive it when they come in. And that's pretty much it. So, you need a sewing machine. Of course, you need a t-shirt. Right here, we've got a black t-shirt and we have a label. Okay? And here we go. Let's do this. Alright, so, here is your label baby and this bad boy comes just like, you know, the traditional sewing machine has a press of foot. You put this on the ground so you can get it busily. And you're going to want to figure out where you're going to put this is our t-shirt here and you're going to want to figure out where you're going to put your label. Okay? Just going to show you the label and sometimes some people like to put them on the sleeve. You can put it right here on the sleeve. Okay, guys, you can kind of see what that is going to look like. It's going to be hot fire on the sleeve. You see that? Or you may want to put it, I mean, you put it wherever the hell you want to. It's up to you. You may think of something dope and new that's going to really set your line apart. This right here, this is the hem. A lot of times people put it right here at the hem. So, it'll look like that. All right, really set your stuff apart. Okay? So, I'm going to put it on the hem. You can put it wherever you want to. And when you're doing something like this, make sure, I don't know if you can see this, make sure that you can get any size you want. This is just the size that I am using. Make sure that the edges are, once you can see this, make sure that the edges fold it in. All right? You want those edges to be folded in because if you just sew it right on the edge with this kind of label, you can get the kind of labels that don't fray. But this right here is going to fray and unravel on the person and it's going to come off. So, you want to make sure that the edges like that are folded in. And you can see the back of this has some information on about you can put whatever you like. And we are going to get busy, okay? So, what you're going to want to do is this is just like any other right here, this right here raises and lowers the presser foot, okay? And the presser foot is what holds down the fabric or the t-shirt in this. All right? This right here is a bad boy, has a bobbin. You might see some cheap crap on eBay or whatever, but it's not going to have that bobbin. If it doesn't have the bobbin, it's a piece of crap. If you know anything about sewing, you know about a bobbin. You don't have a bobbin, you do not have a sewing machine, okay? So, when you are, what you want to do is take this and put it on your t-shirt beforehand, right? You want to kind of figure out where you want this to be. Let me put this whole t-shirt up here. You want to kind of figure out where you want this to be on the shirt. So, it's going to come over here, I guess we're going to come about three or four, maybe four and a half inches. And you want to place it just like how you want it. Okay? Put your like. Are you looking at it, seeing it like, yeah baby, that's the ticket. You don't have to do this, but what I like to do is just to secure it in place, I like to take, you can get a push pan if you know anything about needs, you can get like a push pan or a needle or something. And what I'm going to do is I'm just going to put a pin in this to hold it in place so that when I'm sewing it doesn't slip out of place. This time I want to do it from the back, just to make sure that, you know, these both sides are lined up. Take my needle, sticking through. Okay, perfect. So now that bad boy is right. You can see it, I took the pin, I put it right where we want it. Okay, now it's time to get some sewing. So what we're going to do is we're going to place this bad boy underneath. First of all, this raises the pressure foot, just like any other sewing machine. And something else you're going to see right here, this bad boy has a little compartment for the bobbin. You may go on eBay or some of that other food is missing, you'll see some stuff. And those things don't have a bobbin. If you don't have a bobbin, you don't have a locking stitch. If you don't have a locking stitch, you don't have a sewing machine. Okay, it's not going to stay. All right, it's going to unravel. You think you have a good stitch, it's going to unravel. You're going to have garbage, you're going to fall right off. So this is a real sewing machine, guys. This is not BS, this is a real sewing machine. So get that bad boy right there. Push that to the back, raise your pressure foot. Put it in. All right. And right here, I actually want to turn this to the side. Because the sewing machine goes this way. But we have that one stitch in, all right. And the stitching goes this way. So I mean, it's pretty much easy. It's almost like, I mean, to be honest with you, you kid, I mean, it's coming back up now. You can just turn it into it. But I'm going to step on my trustee little foot pad. And we're going to make sure that pressure foot is down. And here we go. All right. And I mean, we're pretty much almost done. But what I'm going to do is, in order to like really get this nice, I'm going to make sure that's down in there. I'm going to lift up the pressure foot while the needle is still down in there. I'm just going to turn, just going to turn this around. And really, you could just use this and turn it. You don't even have to press the thing and just get a couple more stitches in there. And you're good. And that's pretty much it. Well, you can go all the way back across. And there we go. We are done. I'll raise up there. Raise up the pressure foot. Make sure that the needle is all the way out. Pull it out. Just take a little, you want to have a couple a little extra little extra little pieces of thread. Cut those bad boys off. We should use sharp scissors, at least on the sharpest. And get the inside too. Make sure you get the inside. And ladies and gentlemen, check that out. Look at how beautiful that is. You did that yourself and a couple of seconds. You literally could have not even pressed the pressure foot and just spent this bad boy. You could do that bad boy with any sewing machine, any sewing machine, grandma sewing machine, mom sewing machine, your cousin sewing machine, or for a couple bucks. Label baby. It's called Label Baby because it is a baby sewing machine. So many way guys, you use the same process to do all of your labels. And that's it. I will talk to you all soon. You guys are from a T-shirt help desk. And back to me in the office. Peace. Alright guys, so they see it. You can do it. You can make it happen. Alright. You can use the Label Baby. The link is going to be below. If you're interested in it, definitely go in and check that out. Get on the list. It's not out yet, but you can get on that list to be the first one to get one. If you want any of these labels, alright, you're going to have to go to a place, but in order to be treated the way you're supposed to be treated, you got to tell them I sent you. You got to use the code T-shirt help desk. Alright. And you're going to go to, you see that? It's not focusing in. But clothing labels, I'm going to put it down here. Using labels for you. Alright. Clothing labels for you and you go and you talk with them. Alright. You talk with them and you figure out what you want to do. And they'll send you some samples and you can get everything done and they will work with you and your T-shirt thing will be hot. Alright. And you get that bad boy, iron it on, sewing on, and it will be there forever. You have a higher quality. People will see you as being higher quality, get things done, but go to clothing labels for you. Okay. Clothing labels for you. Alright. And make it happen. Alright. This is Gary from T-shirt help desk. I wish you guys nothing but love, peace and happiness and love. Cheers to your T-shirts. You asked the questions. Now here's the answer. The t-shirthelpdes.com is proud to present. Start a t-shirt business or die trying. The ultimate guide to living your dreams and quitting your lousy ass job. Our awesome, new ebook. It's a guide book and source book for starting a t-shirt business. This book also breaks down the history of the workday and wake. The problem with the current job system and how you'll never get rich working a job. The book not only outlines how to start a t-shirt business, but it gives you all the sources to everything you're going to need to get your business off the ground. Need someone to do your custom heat transfers? It's in here. Need an affordable to dirt cheap graphic designer? It's in here. Need to know where to incorporate and get your lls say. It's in here. Need to know where to get promotional items like wristbands, buttons and stickers. It's in here. Need to know where to get custom polymailers and boxes. It's in here. Want to know where to get free hot models for your photo shoots? It's in here. Want to know how to get your e-commerce site up and running? It's in here. Learn how to design print and sell t-shirts. Social media. How to market your t-shirt company? How to sell your t-shirt to stores? How to get celebrities to wear your t-shirts? Intellectual property, copyright and trademarks. The use of celebrity likenesses. The use of fonts, stock photos and clip art and where to get them. And the list goes on and on. This book has got it all covered. It's in here. It was written by Gary from the t-shirt helpdes.com so you know it has to be good. The t-shirt industry is a multi-billion dollar industry. Why shouldn't you get your cut of some of that money? So what are you waiting for? Pick up a copy today and work toward kissing that Lausy ass job. Goodbye. It's not just an e-book. It's a one-way ticket to your dreams. It's in here.