 Hey guys, Matt here at DetailKing.com. Today I want to show you our tire and white wall cleaner. Now this is a super concentrated heavy duty product, perfect for using on those tires that have a lot of dirt, debris, mud, grease, and even brake dust that just gets caked onto the rubber of the tire. Let's take a close look here at this tire. As you can see, this vehicle has been neglected and hasn't been cleaned or touched for months. So it's got that nasty, ugly, dirty and dry look to the rubber of this tire. We're going to use the tire and white wall cleaner to really break down everything that's caked down on there and restore that nice, dark finish which the rubber should have. Now this product is safe to use on all types of different tires. Safe to use on your typical black walls which we have right here also safe to use on your vogue tires that have white walls, also your tires that have the white lettering. It's really going to help to restore that and make that white pop out on the tire. Now the awesome thing about this product is that it actually contains a darkening agent. So after we go to scrub, it's really going to help for when you go to dress the tire and make that black finish look beautiful and new once again. So first things first, before we go on and apply this product onto the tire, we're going to rinse and soak this all down with water. Okay, so now that we've pre-wrapped this tire, we can go ahead and apply on the tire and white wall cleaner. We're just going to evenly dispense the product all over this tire here. Now that we've applied on the tire and white wall cleaner, we're going to allow it to send up for about 30 seconds or so. Well, that's going to do. It's going to break down everything that's just caked onto the rubber of this tire. Now here we have a couple of different brushes that we like to use to scrub the tires now with. This is our 85606 which is a very popular tire. This is a medium duty tire and white wall brush. Again, it's very popular. Now here I like is one of my favorites to use. It's one of our professional soft grip medium duty wheel and wheel well brushes. Now the reason why I love these brushes here is it has a nice rubber coating around the body which protects from leaving any type of scuffing or marring, especially if you have aftermarket or expensive high end wheels. Now that we've allowed the product to set up on the tire for about 30 seconds, we can go ahead and start our scrubbing. Now that we scrub this tire down, we can go ahead and rinse down with water. As you can see here, the tire and white wall cleaner was able to break down everything that was caked onto this tire and really bring back and restore that beautiful, original, nice look to this tire once again. Now that you've seen what the tire and white wall can do to a black wall tire, let's show you what it can do with a white wall tire. Now you just got done watching us do a black wall tire. Here we want to show you how great this product can work on a white wall and on tires that have white lettering. Now this tire that we have here has a thin white wall border that goes all the way around it. As we take a close look at it, we can see that it's just nasty and dirty, there's grease, grind, just different things that may be embedded onto it here and it's really not allowing that white to pop out as pretty as it should. Now the process we're going to do is going to be the exact same as the black wall tire, except we're just adding in a couple additional steps which we're adding in another brush. So for those tires that may have white lettering on them, they can sometimes be pretty stubborn to scrub down and really get clean. That's when you'll need to brush it similar to this. This is one of our brass, bristle tire brushes. This is our model 85 637. Now with this brush, it's great for those white letters. Again, it's aggressive enough to really scrub down everything and whatever may be caked onto the letters and really make them shine once again. Now this brush here might be a little bit too aggressive to work on your tires that have any type of white walls. So that's exactly what we would use a brush similar to this is our 85 634. This is a stiff nylon bristle brush. Now the nice thing about this brush is that it is stiff and aggressive enough to scrub down the white walls and really pull everything off there, but it's also soft enough that it's not going to do any type of harm to the white wall. Now first things first, just like we did on the black wall tires, we want to make sure that we go ahead and we pre soak and rinse this down with water. Now that we pre soaked the tire down with water, we can go ahead and apply on the product. Now we're just going to allow the product to set up down there for about 30 seconds to really break down everything that's just embedded onto the tire. Again just like we did with the black wall, we're going to start with our medium duty tire brush here is one of our professional soft grids. Now that we scrub the black wall part of it, again we want to make sure that that white wall really pops out as we're going to go ahead and take our other brush and start scrubbing the white wall. You can just see on there all that dirt that's just getting pulled off of this wheel tire. Now that we're finished scrubbing the tire, we can go ahead and we can rinse this down with water. So as you can see here, we were really able to break down everything that was embedded onto not just the white wall but also the black wall of this tire and really make this tire pop out and shine and look beautiful once again. For more information on the tire and white wall cleaner, visit us right here at DetailKing.com. Also be sure to follow us on Facebook and subscribe to our YouTube channel.