 Hi and welcome to RC's kitchen. Then I'm going to show you my easy recipe for an excellent dessert and we're making chocolate fondue. For the ingredients we need 1 Gural Delhi semi-sweet chocolate 1 Gural Delhi bitter sweet chocolate and 1 Lint extra creamy milk chocolate. I also have your diced bananas, diced strawberries, and diced pound cake. Feel free to use diced oranges or peaches for this recipe. I also have 1 1-1,5 cup of whipping cream and orange licor. I'm using gran marnier. So let's get started with the chocolate fondue. So for the chocolate fondue we need to melt our chocolate in fresh cream. I'm using my double boiler setup for that, which is a pot of water on high heat, lined with a heat resistant bowl, and you want to make sure that the water does not touch the bowl because we want to use the steam to melt the chocolate. Now while the water is boiling, I'm going to break my chocolate into small pieces. Okay, that's the last one. Perfect. Now my double boiler is ready. I'm going to turn my heat to medium low, and I'm going to add my cream to the bowl here. I'm going to wait for a boil on the cream, but I want to also make sure that I'm stirring it so that doesn't stick to the bottom of the bowl. Okay, that looks good, and it's time to add my chocolate. And now I have to whisk it until all the chocolate gets melted into the cream, and becomes nice and creamy. Just like that. I can already smell the melted chocolate. And it really depends on the quality of chocolates that you're using. Just go for good brands, and it just shows in the fondue. Okay, so all the chocolate has melted, and just to test that the fondue is perfect, you want to take your pinky finger, and just see how it stays together, just like that. That tells you that it's perfect and ready, and it's time to add the liquor. Okay, so you want to turn off the heat, and I'm going to add two tablespoons of the brand-money. Just go with your taste. The two tablespoons is pretty basic. You can add more or less, just like that. Smells awesome. And I'm going to give it another stir. Okay, so that looks perfect, and it's time to transfer the fondue into the fondue pot. Okay, just be careful. Now, fondue pot is just something like this. It's a heavy bottom pot, which is heat resistant, and keeps your fondue warm. I'll show you how. So you just pour all that in, just like that. And now, you want to place your pot over a fondue pot stand, which is also lined with a small tea light candle. And I'm going to come here and light that candle, just like that. Perfect. Okay, so my fondue pot is ready. I have here my pound cake and the fruits, and it's time now to taste. So I'm going to try a piece of cake. Just give it a dip. Awesome. Let's try the strawberries. I hope you enjoy these tasty fruits and the lovely fondue with your loved ones.