 Hi, my name's Nick Rodder. I'm the Managing Director of Rodders here in Cornwall. As you can see, I'm stood on Trink Farm in West Cornwall in the gorgeous sunlight. Rodders is a family business where I'm the fifth generation actually to run in the business. We've been making Lottery Cream here in Cornwall since 1890. It was my great-great grandma. There were lives of Jane and started making cream. When people used to come and visit for an afternoon, you obviously make them an afternoon tea when they left. They wanted to take a little piece of corn away with them, so that's where the business started. Roughly at the moment, we have about 146 employees working in the business and we get many generations of families which actually come to work for us, which is really nice. We've had a very long-standing relationship with Tesco. We started supplying our modest cream here, locally in Devon and Cornwall, and then we branched out nationally with the Rodders brand as well. We also supply Tesco, a finest-clotic cream nationally for them as well, and we've always worked very well with them. What makes Cornwall a Clotic Cream so special is Bob, just look around you. It's just this beautiful countryside. We've got sea on both coasts which produce fantastic grass, which produces lovely rich creamy milk, and we've got the expertise of the farmers over the generations. It's a very simple process to make Cornwall a Clotic Cream. The cream comes into the cream where we just take all the cream out of the milk, put it into some pots and then we put it into the oven and make it gently. This is where all the magic happens, so the gold and crust starts to form, and that's the best bit of the Cod of Cream. That's really sort of like the crème de glorie of the Cornwall Scots of Cream, and that's probably one of the distinct differences from a lot of other creams on the market where they don't have this golden crust, and it's got the most taste and flavour in it. You then take it out of the oven, it then goes in the fridge overnight, and it starts to thicken up and go like silky golden colour. From our creamery here in Cornwall to the store, the process will only take probably about 24 hours for it to get into the store. We supply Tesco, probably about £10 million of Cornwall Scots of Cream a year, and that's a lot of the dollars. We've got about 146 farms here in West Cornwall, which supply us, and we've got like a unique blend, so we use milk from Friesians, Channel Island, Jersey and Guernsey Cays, Ayrshire as well, and it's a real rich blend which is absolutely perfect for Cornwall Scots of Cream. My grandfather always said to me, you can't make a cream unless you've got good milk, and this is what I've used source all over the milk from West Cornwall. PDO is a protected designation of our origin. If I take the example of Cornwall Scots of Cream, it would be that Cornwall Scots of Cream is made here in Cornwall. It's used for traditional process, and all the milk comes from Cornwall as well, so it really ensures the customer when they pick up one of those products, you know, they definitely know where it's coming from. I love eating Plotty Cream, it's so easy, so it's just different ways. It's something like a winter's evening, sticky toffee pudding, hot apple pie, a nice dollop of Plotty Cream on top, and with a nice hot apple pie, it just starts to just melt a little bit and just