 Do my eyes deceive me or is that right below me a new simulator game? Guys, the game we're playing today is Bubblegum Simulator. It is blowing up right now and is made by Rumble Studios, the team that made mining simulator. You guys know the game. Before we get into it, I am so excited to finally announce that the merch is out! A blue-crewed merch is out, baby! Yes, that is right. The merch store is finally out. If you want to get some dope merch, link in the description if you mean so much to me. If you guys wrap the blue-crewed best crew in the game, all right? We got some dope designs and I've been working on this for so long for years. And I've gotten like 17 million different designs and I've finally got a design. I like this is the blue-crew paint logo design. This was made by Zileft. I'm going to link him in the description as Twitter. He's awesome. It was actually a combination of gravy, I'll link him and Misaki. I'll link them as well. So so many different artists combined and we finally got designs that I'm proud of. This is the blue-crew tee. We got hoodies. We got long sleeves. We got phone cases. They are so freaking epic and I'm so excited. There's multiple different blue-crew designs and this one is one of my personal favorites. This pocket tee with my character. Guys, I am just so hyped. Go cop some fire merch. Blue-crew merch today. And let me know if you get it. Tweet me at AtresoTalks. I really want to see it because this is the best community in the game. This is it. This is what I look like in real life. This is a face reveal and this is the blue-crew merch. Super good quality. Touch it back. Is this off? Oh, so soft. It's amazing. Even babies love it. Come here, Bella. Ah, do you love the merch here? Even babies love the merch. Look at this. She never hugged me before but now she does. Seriously guys, link in the description of the merch door. Cop yourself to the merch. You're gonna get the merch? Are you gonna get the merch? Ah! Okay, get the merch. Bernie, guys, now that that promotion's over, I can finally start playing the game. Sorry to promo like that but I've just been so excited for this merch to come out and it's finally out so go copy yourself. Now, this is Bubblegum Simulator. This was actually created by the mining sim developers and the game is blowing up right now. Literally no pun intended. Let me go ahead and turn the sound on so we can get some good audio in here. Let's see. Oh, oh, oh. We're gonna add our own music. So I'm gonna turn the sound off. But wait, do I get sound? Oh, I don't hear... You can't turn just the music off. Well, whatever. We're gonna keep this music on in. We're gonna go game audio for this. So basically, you blow bubbles and I guess you just click to blow the bubble and you try to get the biggest bubble possible. Oh my gosh! I got a massive bubble. He's got a massive bubble that he's blowing, man. That's crazy. So you can get yourself some pets. You can, oh my gosh, what is this? One bubble equals one coin. So this is where you sell right there. I can actually upgrade because I need to get a better capacity. So what better way to do that can then get infinite capacity. I mean, we might as well do it. We go all out for the Simulator so why not this one? Hey, you can sell your bubbles here for coins. Well, thank you, miss. I'm gonna do that. So we got different portals that take us to... Whoa, they take us to different islands. I am so excited to look at that. VIP access? Oh my gosh, don't mind if I do. I would love to do that. So let's go to the VIP access. Oh my gosh, we can go in. I'm VIP now. And look, my bubble's blue. That is so sick. Oh my gosh, can you... You can get different bubble skins. Oh my gosh. All right, let's look at the reward. So basically, blow 24 bubbles. We got that. Nice little rewards right there. Nice little mining Sim UI. We got our shop right here. The, uh, whoa! The legendary inferno dragon pet. A dowel doll. What the heck is that? We got ourselves an Epic beta TV. We got a rare panda. So these are the ones that you can purchase for row bucks right off the bat. Then we got all these game passes right here. Oh, we... Infinite pet game pass? Anybody? Increases your jump power. Yo, that's sick. Shoot twice as fast. I might have to get some of these. And then we got ourselves gems, which is a secondary currency in this game. So, already looking pretty good. Not gonna lie. You can collect these coins right here. This is really cool. If you're VIP. And look at me blowing this bubble. Oh my gosh, this is sick. So you basically just click. And it's actually really cool because you can blow a, like, a ridiculous bubble. Like, and I play all the simulators. And you guys already freaking know that I dominate every sim. So I gotta dominate this one. I haven't even said, don't forget to like the video guys. Let's see if we're gonna hit high likele. Subscribe if you're new to the channel and join the Blue Crew. And cop some Blue Crew merch. I can finally say that because we finally got the merch. I get, I'm so excited about it. Check out the artists in the description and check out that merch store. All right, so, to become a bubble champion, we need 7.5 million bubbles. Wow. And we only have 600. Okay, so we got a little bit to go. Uh, these are the credits right here. What do we got right here? Get twice the coins for everything. I think I want that. Why not? I mean, if these game passes are gonna be thrown at me, mine is well copped. My bubble is getting massive right now, dude. And it has crowns on it. So I think this is the skin that I get for having VIP. I'm not really sure. Oh my gosh. All right, so I need to get some pets. That's what I need to get. Cause every time I play a game like this, you guys already know I gotta get pets. Let's check out the gum store though because we got ourselves some gum and some flavors. So what's the difference between this? We got gum right here. This is the VIP gum. That's what I have currently. And then what are the differences in flavors? We got VIP flavor. So we got ourselves pizza, blueberry, donut, we got, oh swirl. This is the best flavor. This is gonna be 50 bubbles. Wow. All right, we wanna get ourselves swirl. That's gonna be the best one. I got such a big bubble, bro. Whoa, that guy's got an even bigger bubble. He's like insane, bro, with his bubbles. Okay, let's sell this. Wow, we just got a lot for that. That is good. Okay, so you can buy coins here. You can buy some pets. I'm just checking out the game and trying to figure it out, figuring out. I can't talk, okay, buy my merch. Oh, and I like that. They do the thing that PetSim does and they have these eggs. So it's really, I'm liking this game a lot. It's a combination of like mining sim, pet sim, ice cream sim and the portals. And it just feels pretty unique. So I think it's gonna be a big sim. Obviously it's front page. Let's go ahead and get ourselves some pets though. So these are gonna cost us quite a bit. I don't really have enough. We do have enough for a common egg. Let's buy a common egg and see what happens. Oh snap. Oh snap. No pet discovered. We got a kitty. Yo, I got a kitty. I wish it was a legendary giant cat, but you know, it's okay. So these guys are the top bubblers right now. Wow. These guys are insane. How do you have a hundred, seventy four million? It just came out bro. These people are insane. All right, let's collect these rewards real quick, claim, claim, claim and claim. Let's go over the inferno egg. So I'm thinking to myself, I wanna buy this in inferno egg and I know what you guys are thinking, Blue Crew. You're like, yeah, Rousseau, like you always say this. You say you're not gonna buy it and then you buy it. Just do it. Okay. We're buying the inferno egg, the best pet in the game. What is it gonna give us? There's only one option. The new pet discovered inferno dragon. We gotta take this bad boy out. Oh my gosh, inferno dragon. Look at this guy. Wow. Inferno dragon, yes. Let's go. Okay, so now we're, oh, we're blowing bubbles fast as a heck boy. So the inferno dragon, let's see what he actually gives us. He gives us 115 plus bubbles. Oh my gosh. This guy's insane. The kitty, nothing. Two. This one, 115. So look at that. That guy's at 9K. Oh my gosh. Well, I am gonna surpass you because I have the best pet in the game and look at my giant bubbles. Look at this. I'm almost at 4K. That guy's at 9K though. Oh my gosh. All right, we need to keep blowing this bubble. Let's actually check out the rest of the map and see what's going on. I like how while you're blowing the bubble, you can still see. There's a trampoline. Is he gonna pop my bubble? Oh my gosh. There are things in the clouds. Wait, what? There's another area up there. What is this, bro? Am I playing doodle jump? Am I playing Mario? What is happening? What will I die if I fall? Please don't die. In the arms. Oh, I'm alive. Okay, good. So what's my bubble out right now? 9.1. Oh my gosh. This bubble is no joke. So we got our bubble to literally 11K. This is insanity. I want to sell and see how much we get, but I also want to see how high we can go. I don't really know what to do right now. I think what I'm gonna do is sell just to see what we can get. And let's see. Oh my gosh. 30K coins right there. That's some cash runies that we need. Let's actually go over here because I think we can buy some new flavors now. And the flavors actually help get more bubbles. So we can get ourselves gold or so close to lemon. Let's actually grind a lemon. We're so close. We'll get it right here. There we go. Now we got enough for lemon. What, oh, we almost have enough for swirl. Maybe we should just grind for swirl. Let's just go bigger, go home, right? Get the best flavor. Guys, comment down below what flavor, what pets, and what bubble gum type you guys have in the comment section below. I'd love to know. I got myself the VIP right now, but I'm about to switch to the swirl once I get it. Let's see how much this gives me. Okay, really close, really close. I'm getting there. I am so freaking close. That guy's got the donut. That's sick. He's got the donut one, bro. Let's go. All right, so I'm going to sell this and then we should have enough. We, oh my gosh, I think we have enough. I think we have enough. I think we did it. Boys and girls, blue crew. Let's get ourselves the best flavor in the game, swirl. Yes, okay, let's see what this thing looks like. Oh my gosh. It's so cool. It's getting so big. It's massive. It's getting so massive. Oh my gosh. Do you see how massive this thing is getting? Wow, it's only 3K, it's almost as big as his 9K. All right, let's go back and check out the gum as well because I want to get a better gum. Quantum gum? Infinite capacity? Oh, we already have that. Ha ha ha. Already have that. Okay, well, yeah, so that's good. Ha ha ha. All right, let's sell this bad boy. We get so much for it now. And this thing gets so big, so fast. That is crazy. You can bounce around. There's things in the clouds. There's so much to discover in this game and I don't have enough to do it. And like, I can't do it all in this episode. So we're gonna have to do another episode. If you guys wanna see another episode on bubblegum simulator, smash that like button down below. Again, don't forget to cop the hottest merch ever, guys. The Blue Crew Merch. I worked with so many different artists and I really, really like the way these designs came out. They're really, really soft, really affordable for merch. Like, I honestly genuinely like it and I hope you guys do as well. And I hope you get it because I would feel sad if nobody did. But look at this bubble. Oh my gosh. All right, should we get ourselves another pet? I feel like we should just get one of these even though we already have some really good pets. Let's check this one out. A mouse. I love the pet design. All right, well, basically I wanna make this bubble as big as possible real quick. And then I'll come back once we get like an insane bubble. I don't think we're gonna get on the leaderboards today. It's pretty tough. I don't know what else we need to do. Do we need to get, is there any other like multipliers we can get? Because we have ourselves chew twice as fast. Let's see, do we have that? We don't. Let's get ourselves that, of course. 30 extra inventory slots. What do we get? Double XP. Minus, we'll get that. Double XP. We got ourselves all these pet ones. We don't really need that. Oh, you can equip more. Okay, that is gonna help us a lot. That is gonna be the deal breaker right there. Let's get these gems. Minus, we'll get all these game passes. And we'll get ourselves another super awesome pet from this shop right here. Oh, there's the egg opening. Let's go. Oh, whoa. I love that. All right, let's equip that one and see, because I think we can equip all of these. That's unlimited too. So let's equip all these bad boys right there. There we go. There we go. Oh my gosh, we got all of them equipped. Let's go. So now we go so insane. That guy, oh my gosh. That guy is 5K, but it's like his biggest mine. How is that possible? The biggest bubble ever in bubble gum simulator, it will happen. Stay tuned. Oh my gosh, this is sick. So you discover islands. Look at this. I discovered the floating island. It's right there. Holy crap, this is it. Floating island, yes. You can discover islands. That's so cool. I just got a chest. Oh my gosh. If you discover the floating island, you get like a million coins. Yo, this is intense. How are we camping? Because this is intense. All right, let's bottle off this one. Let's hit this tramp right there, boom. And the next island, we're almost at, yo, this is a game in itself. This is really, really cool. God, we made it. This is sick. We're almost in space. I can feel it. We're about to be in space. Yo. All right, let's bounce up here. Are we in space yet? We're so close. Oh no, I need another trampoline, bro. Oh my gosh. Well, I guess I'm going to have to wrap it up there. There are so many more islands to discover. And we're going to do that in the next episode. I am falling to my death. No. No. This is so cool. It's like a separate game from the simulator itself. Really, really well done. I like it a lot. And I think you guys should go play. And I think you guys should go get my merch. Thank you guys for watching. I've been Rousseau. Hopefully you enjoyed, subscribe. Like all that good stuff and get them merch. See you guys next time and outro.