 Hey guys! It's Lauren and we're going to show you guys how to make a simple hamster chit-la. So what you'll need is a toilet paper tube, just regular sized and scissors. What you want to do? Flatten it down, flatten it down, more than this. And we just want to cut off about six strips and they should look like this. Just a little strips of this. Once you're done doing that you want to take the biggest one, which is this one for me, and just any size one. And you want to put it over with a big one like that. And then you want to squeeze it down. And then I'm going to just get another one. I'm going to put it over so now I have this sheet. And I'm just going to add more. And now it's actually going to get a result that may kind of look like this little circle shape. And let's pretty much it. And if you want it in a ball shape, you can just take it, keep it like that, and you can turn it over top of it and just squeeze it like that. And when you take it out, it should kind of look like it's in a ball shape or you could just keep it flat like this. And you can put treats in the inside through the holes if you want it to through that hole. But this is just a simple one. So if you put a treat inside, they'll have something you need to do for. But yeah, it's pretty much it. I was going to do a video yesterday. Since yesterday was allows going to do the video, I mean not yesterday. I was going to do it on Friday, but my iPod wasn't working and I was going to do it yesterday too. But it still wasn't working, but I got it working today. So let's add to do it today. And it's now summer, so hope you're summer you guys. Look up for new videos coming soon. And I know what season to get. I'm going to get the Habitreos base station cage. And like two little den things for it. And yeah, it's cool. And I'm probably going to get a hamster on the 14th. If I get my hamster like before, I mean if I get my cage before the 13th, I'm going to get my hamster on the 14th or the 15th or 16th. So I can say it for now. But yeah, see you guys later. And look out for new videos coming soon. So yeah, in entry my contest. You have a highly hit of when, if you're saying so. Enter my contest. Bye guys.