 Hello, this is Christina. Thank you for popping back or popping in for the first time. And welcome to my channel. This is one video that I wish I had to watch when I first was starting on all the sugar craft my last kit mine. And it's going to be about the type of paste that I commonly used in sugar craft. What are they good for? And what are they? Not so good for at all and what could be used instead of them. So I hope you really enjoy the series and thanks for watching. You might want to pause here to read the labels but this paste are what I found to be the most commonly used in sugar craft. So these are the ones I'm going to cover. Okay so the first one I'm going to discuss is modeling chocolate. There are many uses for it. The one I use it for my use for it is to make figurines with it. It's cheaper and more readily available than professional figurine paste. So yeah and it has this lovely lovely elasticity and smooth finish to it far beyond what a fundant would allow. So it's fantastic for figurines. The radius advantages it gets way too hot and floppy so when you make legs or arms and things like that it doesn't work very well. It's okay for sitting figures but for standing it's just a lot harder. However, for faces and things like that it's beautiful because it stays fresh for a long time. You can smooth it up nicely. So yeah fantastic. When modeling chocolate is dry it's quite crumbly and it's actually quite weak and non-stretchy which gives it certain limitations from making flower flowers. That said though it is possible to make a nice delicate petals with it. So it really is all about matching the right medium to the task at hand. I try to imitate making wired petals. It's just it's just a no-go. So yeah, right paste for right purpose. So the second and the menu is gum paste. Gum paste is lovely. It's irreplaceable if you like making flowers. You could have a homemade one or a bought one. I much prefer homemade one because it's just more efficient and nicer to work with. It's nice and stretchy. You can roll it really thin which is brilliant for flowers. For figurines it's a bit too bumpy for my liking. Not really ideal and it dries a bit too soon. Works okay with Venus too. You just need to press it in really hard or I choose more kind of pronounced grainy Venus. It comes up with realistic enough flowers across the range and it's very very fragile so watch out for when everything is dry. Don't drop it. And now of course we have the undisputed king of sugarcrap and cakey pendant. Now, pendant is extremely versatile. You probably know as much about it as I do almost if you do anyway so I'm going to keep it short. But here, pendant is good for covering cakes, cupcakes, even making flowers for cakes as much as cupcakes. They just need to be quite basic and transported really well. The few of it's cared of gum paste while paste. The pendant is your friend. One fully dry is a little bit crumbly. A great for cupcake decorations really. Not much of a choking hazard. So these are just things I've done using pendant and yeah, generally great. One thing though although it may seem like an obvious choice, I would try to avoid it possible using it for making little models, little figurines. It doesn't blend very well. It's a bit soft and it cracks easily which would make a fantastic job into something that's actually not as presentable as could be. So these two paste are very similar. They're not identical in consistency paste. So that for that reason I'm kind of bunching them together. The Mexican paste I must admit it's not actually a real Mexican paste. I'm not sure what real Mexican paste is. It's a bit of a mystery. But I have been told that it's similar to Mexican paste in its purpose and what it is. It's a mix of hundreds and tires powder that makes this consistency. It's not quite as durable and crunchy as flower paste. But nice and well as you can see is just this nice delicate way that it folds around and responds to all the veins. It just makes really really nice realistic looking flowers. Even as a beginner you would come up with a lovely result. The downside of it of course is that it's not as durable as gun paste. So you can't really transport it very well. It's very hard to wire it although it's possible. Also it doesn't really keep for a long time and very responsive to humidity. So it's a good tool to have, not necessarily one that you want to use all the time. And now we have 50% funding to 50% gun paste. The famous 50-50. Very stretchy, very nice, very easy to work with. I mostly use it for little stripes on cakes. I use it for bars for cages. I have a separate tutorial for that. And I use it for all of those things that need to, need not to slump on you quite so badly when making cakes as you just roll it out. But need to firm up and hold its shape a little bit better. So yeah, the 50-50. Very much recommended. It's a small but very useful tool. Okay, last but not least, it's fastilage. I hope I'm pronouncing it correctly although probably I'm not so do I do apologise if I'm not pronouncing it right. And basically it's similar to gun paste in what it does. It's good for stand-up toppests. It's good for some people use it for novelty shoes. Basically it's very very strong and sturdy material out of which you could shape or cut out things. It dries quicker and stays sturdier than gun paste. I mostly use it for stand-up numbers and sometimes initials and some kind of special effects like you could make a bird cage with it or this hard-shaped topper you could see in a minute. Once I got stuck because I was making a figurine for someone urgently and I just didn't have enough time to to dry the modeling chocolate out of which I was going to make it. And I was just panicking and I tried pastilage and actually it worked for this and dried and this character just stood how it should stood on the cake. So it saved my day. So yeah, good for some special effects and it has an untapped potential side I could see. Well this is the end of this video too. It was one of my favorites and I hope you find it useful too. I also hope you didn't get too confused with this transitional mind from a look-and-lose-his-cup cake to Christine of Wallace. I'm changing my website sometime after this is an end and then I'm going to do a separate video on that. But this tutorial is as usual and my YouTube channel it's also as usual so it's not going to stop running. So please subscribe, like, etc etc and see you again soon.