 Alright Brian here. Just installed this home axe tub tile sink brief finishing kit and Whoo, I had to come outside. I'm not gonna go into a long lengthy video about I feel like I am baked like I've never been baked before not saying I have been but Be sure you've got lots of ventilation and a mask when you use this stuff because it is strong Watched a couple videos where people said it was strong. It's stronger than strong So and it creeps up on you. I have no idea why I'm even having a beer by the way You can't get yingling in Illinois. So I import it myself Anyway, I'm gonna go in and show you a couple of videos of what I did to get to this point and I'm gonna take another video in three days when I Take all the masking off and I'll just it'll be part of this one. So I'll give you my review, but pretty easy to put on in general I didn't go through all the steps of having to clean and all that stuff because that's pretty obvious. I think cleanliness is the Number one priority is get your sink and tub or whatever you're doing as clean as you can as dry as you can Because that prep work I think is gonna make everything pay off. So I didn't bore you with any of that stuff. I'm probably boring, you know, but Yeah, I'm pretty baked. I feel like my eyes are spray-painted open. I don't think the clothes at this point and Hopefully my lungs come back into good shape. So swearing off crack and math and if I ever need to get high I'm just gonna go buy some of this stuff. So we'll let you know how Let's go take a look and see how it turned out Here we are cleaned Which is a major pain in the ass. I'm about to do some Tape it off Hopefully this Turns out pretty good. So it's been a hell of a lot of work Okay All kind of prepped here Scrubbing's all done scrub the tub No pun intended sink is done. You got everything all messed off. I Don't think it'd be a very good apprentice for Dexter, but That's a pain in the ass and No wonder he was so pissed off when he Got his tarps out, but He wouldn't be proud, but I think it would get the job done. All right anyway, so I'm gonna go get this Tubbs spray and stuff and we're gonna shake some cans up and probably get High as all get out from the fumes and We'll see what happens in a minute. Be right back All right, here we are. Toughest tile Shake the hell out of it for a minute And then do some spraying It's kind of like a shake weight, but not quite as sexy Well, I'm shaking the hell out of this just so you know, I am not gonna be filming this while I'm spraying it and Wad up my phone. There's enough Videos out there and how to go eight to ten inches and put on a really light coat of paint So if you don't know how to do that this project might not be for you. All right, let's make this thing white That's one coat the nice easy coat Still see a lot of pink in there But hopefully that second coat will get this thing knocked out pearly white Okay, the bathroom has been closed for three days There's the new rod going in sink looks great Again, we're using that home axe tub and tile and the tub looks pretty good But I'll tell you what's gonna happen. I'm gonna strip all this crap out I remove the paint and we're three days in And all I remove the tape and this stuff is just I don't know what it's doing I'm really pissed right now. I don't think It's ever gonna cure debating I either Trying to fix out Or just strip the whole thing maybe just let it cure for a couple more days. I don't know But I Won't get all the stripping stuff and I was debating We'll see I'm gonna have a beer and see if my mood changes Because I'm a bit Crappy Wolfie brands Look it up Here's what the final product looks like got a new shower curtain You know, I got one of these curved curtains and I actually kind of like it. I had a glass door up here before It was a little dated 1964 I think when the house was put together Here's the sink it looks good to put the fixture back on it seems to be okay You know I had at one time considered ripping all this whole max Stuff out but It seems okay because I had a little area down here that when I ripped a tape off it peeled It's been almost a week curing and I haven't taken a shower in it yet. I have showered but I do have another bathroom for that So it looks great. I'll tell you that it looks fantastic compared to where it started I'm not so sure if it's gonna hold up. It hasn't been wet yet and I would strongly suggest that you check out the I'll just take a look at it close It looks good. Just clean the hell out of it like you're supposed to I didn't cock it yet But be sure to clean it up real good and I will definitely put in the comments And add to it in a couple months make sure I'm gonna Thing I'll add to it in a couple months if there's any drama I have won't be able to add to the video But I get out of the comments and tell you whether I think I like it or not But from first look it all came out great. It's way better than it was before and I think it's kind of cool So I'll get it cocked up get sealed Get under some of that hot H2O and hopefully this thing will hold together But if it stays looking like it does I'm a fan of it. I ordered one of those for Amazon. Just kind of fun All right, anyway, thanks. I hope you have a great day And subscribe just for fun. I'm trying to get to a million views. That's my like Bucket list goal is that all my videos get a million views So if I get there just like the Cubs winning the World Series I'll have marked another one off. Thanks You