 I don't know if it's come along to one of our local night markets. While back someone asked me about the teas that are available in Thailand, so I thought I'd show you them tonight. You can see there's a pretty big menu. All sorts of stuff. But there's about 10 different teas there available. 25 bar to 30 bar each. So decided what we're going to get. We're going to get a milky iced tea for a lander. I'm going to get a green iced tea and orange going to go with the pink milk. There are plenty of options at shops like this. You'll find them everywhere at every market. There'll be one. There's condensed milk. And you put some regular milk in. It's like a fridge, that's kind of like a cordial. And then some hot water. That's sugar. It might have been milk out of maybe. Tea leaves into there. And then water through the tea leaves. Right. Come here are you putting it by ear. Go get some dents. Thank you. and then he pours it over the ice. Chicken. Chicken. Chicken. Chicken. Chicken. Green tea. Yeah. As you can see these places are always busy. There's generally a constant stream of people waiting to place orders. Unfortunately, an ant is being rather difficult so you ain't going to see him tonight much. But try to get into the trough, the pink milk, the on-ordered and you only want to eat the ice out of it. So I give that one a go. It is very sweet. It tastes like quick or something. Nothing really special about it. I guess just... I see sugary milk. We got this one for a nanda, which is a char yan. We drink these pretty often. You would have seen them in quite a few of my videos. Too much good. Unfortunately, an ant isn't too interested in it right now. It's quite sweet. It's got a nice tea flavor. Do you love these? They are very cold and refreshing. Really tasty. And I got a green tea. I have had this before but not for a long time. I generally drink the black tea, char dame yan, or the iced tea that an ant got char yan. It's been milder than the char yan. Can taste the green tea flavor in it. It's a lot less sweet. It is quite good. You can find shops like this all over the place. They are pretty much all markets. You can also get these teas at restaurants. And there's little roadside stalls on pretty much every road. Probably the most frequent question I get asked on my channel is what's the weather like in different months? It's mid-July in the middle of the rainy season. And as you can see, it ain't looking too bad. Might be bucketing down in two hours but right now it's beautiful. And the weather lately has been great. With the weather in Thailand it really is luck of the draw. You may be lucky. You may not. Can rain at any time of the year. So here is another tea shop. Got a little menu there. Pretty much the same as last night. I think I might try... Ovoting yan. Ovoting. And try there's no V sound. So V becomes W. So Ovoting become Ovoting. You guys can dance milk. Whole water. Couple of healthy scoops there of the Ovoting. Couple of big scoops of ice. Mixing up. Into the curry bag. Draw. And it's good to go. Up and Cup. So my Ovoting. It's delicious. What chocolatey, very icy. As you can see it's a pretty warm day today. So this is exactly what I need. These roadside shops are everywhere. A lot of them are franchises. This one's called Chape Yom. A friend of a friend actually has a Chape Yom franchise. And told me the main difference between the different franchises is that they use different brand products. And I use different brands of milk, different brands of tea, etc. And as I mentioned you will find these roadside tea shops everywhere. In the last four kilometres along this road I've counted six of these tea shops. Plus there's about 20 restaurants in that distance. Most of them would also sell tea. And also some mini-marts as well. Have little tea sections where they mix up tea. There's actually three tea shops like this just in this block of shops. That's an addition to the six that I saw on the way here. So judging by the availability you would think that these teas are very very popular. Judging from the taste I can definitely see why. Another question that gets asked regularly on my channel is is the ice in Thailand safe? Yes it is. These people aren't making the ice themselves. The ice is made on an industrial scale. It's big ice trucks that drive around with bags of ice. Ice is really cheap. It's not worth these people's time to make the ice. I buy it retails from time to time if I'm having a party. I get what's probably about a 30 kilogram bag. It is huge and it's difficult to carry. Cost me 40 bar and that's a retail price. These people will be getting it cheaper. They're not going to use tap water to make ice and make you sick. They want you to come back every day while you're here and keep buying their tea. This one looks particularly popular. I was here earlier and I noticed that they had something on their menu called Red Lemon. I'm going to have to try that one I think. An eco? Is it Deng? Deng Manau. Yeah, Deng Manau. So that's a cup. Okay so this has got some soda. I'm sort of red something, some lime juice. Which is also known as lemon here in Thailand. I'll never try this one. It looks good. Sweet, add like that. It's quite delicious. It's a little bit bitter, sootery, sweet, getting very refreshing. Do you like this? Definitely recommend the ice red lemon in Thailand. So another roadside stop, this time Char Cacha. Oh, look, it looks a little bit like Starbucks. They had something that I saw here earlier, Saudi Carb. I might even try a Thai ice coffee cafe younger. I'm going to try a coffee. Coffee is cafe. Okay, is it apple macar. Alright, and then it looks pretty good. As you can see, she's got a whole heap of different flavours here. Let's try this one. How do I cup? Very tasty. It's quite strong in fact. A little bit sweet, milky. I see cold. Yeah, that coffee flavour is very strong, very tasty. Big thumbs up for that one. Here are one of our local markets. This is the Aunang Market, which is open every Monday, Tuesday and Friday. And here's another T-shop. We've actually seen four others here. We're going to get some other teas to try from this one. Then we've also got teas with jelly inside as well. One's going to grab one of those. So we've got cantaloupe, taro, cool milk, green tea, cocoa, coffee, cold black tea and ice black tea. Also got some shredded coconut and some sort of seeds. Okay, what one do you want? Oh, it's going to get her favourite, black tea. So jelly in the bottom, ice on top and then the tea and our cantaloupe and taro doai. Ah, cup. Alright, get them all with jelly. And then just rather eager to get into his, you see the jelly going up there? Is that good? It's good. Up and down. You can see straight across from this tea shop. There's another one right here. Is this good? I think I like this one as well with lime, chamin'ow. Amanda seems to be enjoying it. I'm going to try it out before it all disappears. It's quite sweet, it's got a great tea flavour. Very, very yum. Okay, so I've got the taro one here. Yeah, it's quite sweet. It's kind of creamy as well. It's very good. Get some of those jelly bits down the bottom. Be quite chewing. The jelly is a cool pearls in Thai kai mu. You're going to have to Google to find out exactly what they are. They don't really have much flavour. But the texture of them is quite good. That one is probably the sweetest of the ones I've had today. Not sure if it's because of the shop or if it's because of the flavour of this one. Then the cantaloupe is a very, very intense green colour. Definitely got a really, very different flavour. It's quite sweet. It does kind of taste a bit more vegetable, like less creamy, but also really tasty. As I said before, chamin'ow, black tea with lime is also one of our favourite. What has seen is probably during that in a few of the videos in the Paskin restaurants. Amanda is enjoying the jellies. A man is to convince Orn to try these two. Never tried them before. As you know, she's pretty keen on trying new stuff. It smells like fruit. It does smell like fruit and purple one, the taro. Why? It's like water. Like water. Like sweet? Sweet and much milk. And a lot of milk, yes. Very sweet and creamy. See if Amanda wants to try that one. And no. No, she just wants to get her spoon into the ice. And eat the jelly. Yeah mate. Not keen, I'm trying that one. So that's a quick look at ice teas in Thailand. Do try them if you come here. Really tasty and there's plenty of varieties to try as you can see from the video. If you've enjoyed the video, please give it a thumbs up and check out my channel for lots more Thai food and travel videos. I post new Thailand videos every Wednesday. See you next time. Bye bye. Bye bye.