 Today we are going to be taking on a brand new building tutorial. We are going to be doing a wooden house design. It's going to have some elements of stone, some parts of Adobe, but it is mostly wood and it's built in sort of a farmhouse style. We're going to do it entirely unpainted and it looks very good like that, but I'll also slap the paint job on it for you guys at the end. Let you get a look at my paint scheme that you're checking out now, and I even add in a big old field of corn next to it to capture that farmhouse look. I'm pretty happy with how the place turned out. So sit back and enjoy today's arc building tutorial for this large wooden house. What is going on Geeks unite the clients here back in your life today for the first time in actually like almost a couple weeks. I have been not making videos taking a little time off. So we are back and today we're actually going to be back with something I haven't tried in a while, a building tutorial. So the coordinates are 62, 36, and we are on the rag and rock map. This I have taken to calling the riverlands, but it doesn't really have a specific name just a really beautiful river and a bunch of fur trees. And it's about the perfect place to build a house. I have in mind for you guys sort of a rustic house design. And we're going to be building with a number of materials. So I have my hop bar quite small, but you guys can see there. I've got to hit and give myself a hundred of everything. And if we open this up, it's Adobe foundations, wooden foundations, wooden fence foundations, wooden pillars, wooden railings, wooden ramps, wooden ceilings, stone walls, wooden walls, and wooden window frames. Now there's a bunch more stuff. I was going to say a few more things here. We got slope walls left, right, and slope roofs. And I think that's everything we're going to need. We will see I built this once before, but we're going to build it here together. So I today am on the geeks rag and rock building server. And this is a new server we have for our patrons where you can do creative building. Everybody's an admin. And this is what's got me encouraged to come back to doing a building tutorial. So it's something I'm a little excited for. I'm going to get into today. So I'm going to get started. The reason I'm going to hadn't done a hundred of everything is I don't know exactly how this build is going to take shape. And I don't want to stress myself out by having to figure out exactly how many pieces I'm going to use beforehand. So I can tell you as I'm using them here in the video. So we're going to start with a hundred. You'll see at the end what we have left. And I think we're going to be starting with some Adobe foundations. And I'm laying out a shape for a fairly big house. Now this is sort of like a farmhouse style build. But you're going to be able to do it with a bunch of different materials. And so we're going to we're going to be thinking that way right from the get go. So let's go ahead and work out. So this is going to be the shape of our main building. Is that right? I think maybe one bigger. Yeah, this is right. Okay. So a four by six I think is the shape we're going to go with here. So I should have used 24 of these. And I have. Okay. And then I think we're going to do next is take our wooden foundations. And we're going to plan out a veranda for either side of the whoops either side of the long side. So there will be mistakes. So keep that in mind when you're calculating things always bring a little more than you need because even even if you're planning survival and you're being super careful. It's it's important. You're going to end up making mistakes. So let's go ahead and do this. So now we have a four by six and then we have a roll of six wood foundations on each side. Basically makes this a six by six. Now before we get to building the interior. I think if my memory is right, it was important to go ahead and put some fence foundations in here beforehand. Anywhere I think I might end up wanting to put pillars. And that was for the veranda. Basically like a balcony that's on either side of this thing. So let's go ahead and do that. We're going to put them. We're going to put one on each of the middle ones here, one on each of the edge parts here. And then I think four pillars we are going to put them. It's not going to be very much, but we're going to put them there there. Actually, let's break that one. I don't like that. We'll go here. We'll go here. And here. So yeah, you do need four fence foundations to accomplish that. So we did do them the right way. That's what I was thinking. Alright, so we'll go ahead and place these in when I talk about having taken a little bit of time off guys. If you were going to be a fan of this channel, I guess I will say expect it or come to expect it. I cannot stick. I just I always I can't stick with the same thing for too long. I always end up stopping reconsidering my plans and sometimes you lose a little momentum when you're making videos on YouTube. And you need to take a little time off and recharge. And for me, that is definitely the case. For me to come back and make my best videos. Sometimes I need a little time away. So expect that if you're going to be my fan, if you're going to enjoy my videos for a long time, we're going to do railings here and here. And I think what we're going to do is have an entrance off the front and entrances off the end. You could choose to close in. Actually, on the back, we're going to close in the whole back because we put that rock right there. So I am aiming with the tutorials guys in the past. I have been very, very methodical with them. But if you are paying attention, you can probably follow along. You can watch back and pick up the main steps. But I've been super methodical and super like step by step by step with them in the past. And the reason that I got away from doing tutorials was because that particular style led to not my favorite type of comments to answer. It's a lot of complaints and a lot of help me and my favorite thing in the world are the people who are excited and inspired and like to share their ideas with me. And I've been trying to make the type of building videos that would work that way, which has more of my creative process. So with that in mind, I had, we're going to move some things up off the hot bar here. I don't think we need any of this any longer. So put that away and I'll move my stone walls up here. The first slot and we are going to move on with stone walls. But I've been attempting are hoping I can include more of my creative process in a building tutorial while still giving you a clear. I'm easy to follow. Sorry, don't do what I just did there. Easy to follow tutorial. We'll see this is a new experiment. Like I said, I haven't done one of these in quite a while. And the last one I did was still super highly polished and highly edited. And they took me a really long time to do. So that's part of what discouraged me from doing them as well. I'm going to leave room for door frames here in the middle. But we're going to unwrap the entire four by six Adobe thing. I'm going to grab some door frames. We're going to unwrap it all in stone right here. Let me grab some door frames. I'll be right back. All right, guys, and we're going to go ahead and put actually let's make sure we're standing on the outside looking in. That's the trick to get him to snap here. If you are on the inside looking out, you're going to get them to snap backwards because you're looking at that foundation. So that is generally the trick, whether you're flying or walking the trick is where you're looking. So we're going to go ahead and put in some doors. This is actually going to bring us to a fairly complete point in the build guys. So I'm going to take a little break. Like I said, we did a four by six foundation here. We did stone walls all around it. And we did the prep work for a balcony on the outside. I don't think there's anything here. You wouldn't be able to follow along with. So we're going to leave it there for now, guys. I'm going to take a little break. If you're enjoying this, remember to click the like button and I will be back in your life in just a minute. And welcome back guys. So how are we looking? I'm liking the beginning of this house and I have a pretty good idea where we're going to go from here. I want to begin to give you guys that idea. But this next step is going to require a lot of work. If you are doing this in survival and not on a creative building server like we here have here for our patrons, what I would recommend is using batch for this step. But what you're going to need to do is encircle almost the yeah, almost basically the entire outer ring of stone with the exception of these corners. You can skip those with ceilings. We're going to be placing the walls for the next level inside out. So this is a necessary step for that. And then some of these ceilings will stay in place for this balcony. So make sure you get them facing the direction you would like. If you're facing the wall like this, they will do that. But if you're facing over here, let me see, you can change the, I guess I can't seem to do it. But typically you can change the angle at which these things are facing. So make sure you have them facing the direction you want, the wood running in the right direction. So that is the prep for the next step. Now you're going to need wooden walls. Now, if you are doing this in creative stand on the inside like this and place while looking out at these, if you are playing in survival, that's going to be a pain unless you really like jumping or you're standing on top of the dino. So what I would do if you're playing in your own foot is try and look down at your feet when you place them. Now it's going to give you a bit more difficulty like that. But that is how I would do it if I were playing in survival until you've got it. So the outside is facing in and the inside is facing out. But for us, the easy way to do it is going to be like this. So I'm going to go ahead and put this layer in real quick for you guys. I will be right back. Alright guys. So I just went around the entire outside of this with the wooden walls and we did them inside out. They're snapping basically to these here. And now what we're going to do is actually a little bit of work on the balcony. So you could do this two ways you could I'm aiming to get an inside out texture here to match the wall. So you could simply flip it like I did or you could place a we can do that down at the center. I'll show you. You could place a ceiling here and then instead of using it would be this one and flipping it you could use the other one or you could do it like that. Or you have the slow ball right snapping here and that puts it in that position instead of over here where it's going to be slightly inset. So if you look that's going to give you a slightly different look. I actually like that better. It's not really going to mess anything up for us. So we're going to go ahead and do it that way. Now on this side, you'll see if we do it like this. It's very smooth. You don't see the thing in behind. So what we're actually going to do is grab the other one, flip it inside out and then we get this recessed little look here. So that is something we're aiming for and then we're going to use the very same pieces, but instead of putting them inside out, we're going to do them the right way up on the back here. Now because we're facing, you know what? Actually, I'm going to save this for the front. We're going to remove those because we're facing the back and we decided not to put an entrance here in the middle. We are not going to bother with that. So let's head over to this side. And we're going to see this slope wall would typically go here, flip it inside out like that. And then I'll be able to build across with the walls with the slope groups. And now we're here in the middle. So let's go ahead and do this. And this and we're forming an arch on the middle. This is going to go directly over our entrance way and give us a little bit of depth and a little bit of detail. Now we're going to continue the stone slope roof in behind and that is going to set us up to get a neat little bit of, oh, there we go. I need a little bit of detail here where the stone sticks out underneath and then on this end, let's go ahead and put the slope wall in. Perfect. So there you go, guys, you were getting to see a little bit of the creative process, how it's coming together. On the ends, I'm going to go ahead and actually remove all of this. And then what we're going to focus on doing is building up from here. So on the ends, you are going to do like that, another row of walls. You're going to do a row of window frames. And above that, we're going to build an arch. So we're going to do this. We are going to do a couple of sloped walls and a couple more like that. And so that's the shape on this side of the building. If we come around to the front, we're going to use the exact same sort of amount of detail. We're going to do two walls to window frames and we're going to add another arch. So we'll go ahead and do this on the backside here as well. And I'm showing you one side here, guys, but you're going to do the other side, the exact same. So I'll probably cut away while I do that part. Alright, and now, guys, we are going to grab some of these stone sloped roofs. Now, in the past, what you had to do is place the left side and then the right. Otherwise, you would get a clipping error. They've changed the way clipping works in arcs. So I don't know if that's true anymore, but just to stick with that principle, I'm always going to turn to the left, then the right. I'm going to build up like this and you're going to get to see the beginning of the shape of this house. Now, the stone roof takes paint in an awesome way. So I would highly recommend you guys trying to get a paint job on this. I'm not going to tell you which one to do like I have in the past. I am certainly going to do one to end this episode. But I'm just going to show you guys today the main bulk of the build. I'm not even going to tell you what to use this place for. So you now have this. This is one side of the house. I'm going to take another break, guys. I'm going to go repeat this step over here. And then together, we'll work on the middle. If you guys are enjoying this, if you find yourself recreating this, building anything a version of this or something inspired by this in your world, I love to hear about it. You can find me on Twitter, at Unite the Clans. Whoops, little bit of lag. And you can actually, if you want, if you play on this server, you can come build next to this. Go build your version of this house next to it or come and do a paint job on it. Or whatever. Once I'm done with this, it's up for grabs if you're playing on this server. So once you see this video, they'll not do whatever you want with this place. And like I said, I'll show you this location. It is 62, 36, and I'll stop rambling, guys. I'll take a break. This is the kind of nonsense that wasn't in tutorials in the past. Hope you don't mind it being in them now. I'll take that break. I will be right back. All right, and welcome back guys. Let's take a look at what we've got so far. We are working on a large house. It is using multiple materials. So far, we have used a lot of wood. We've used some, a lot of stone. And we use some Adobe for our foundations. So far, you should actually be able to follow along pretty well. It's a 4x6 Adobe foundation. We did a row of six wooden foundations on each side. And then we surrounded this original bit in stone walls. Then beyond that flipped inside out, we did wood walls up to here. You can see the shape of where we did the window frames. You can see how many walls hide it is and how we did the roof. So you should be able to follow along to this point. One of the details I really like is this. We have that always crossing over. We could actually create that or continue to create that over here by continuing this wall if we chose to. It does maybe create a weird looking ceiling. But the ceiling is weird and arc anyway. You're going to always have these little tabs sticking through. Like it's a cardboard box. So if you want, you can take that thing and take it all the way across like that. You can even do it higher. I'm sure here, let's actually do that. I'm incorporating a little creative process here. But I don't know. I guess that's going to be a little difficult. Yeah, actually, let's not bother with that. Okay, so from here, what we are going to need to do is to figure out this little balcony. Alright guys, you might want to rewind a second and see where my ceiling count was just that. I just wasted a bunch like a doofus. I wasted probably what? Maybe ten ceilings? Something like that? No, maybe more. Maybe like 15. So keep that in mind. You're probably going to need 15 fewer ceilings than the count. Would suggest. So we're going to go ahead and place them here and here. Now, these are going to form a balcony. You've noticed we have these railings on the hop bar. They are going to go here and here. And this is perfect because we're going to be able to continue what we were doing before placing inside out walls. Now, exactly how you lay this out, guys, is up to you. I think I'm going to grab a couple wooden door frames. Alright guys, so let's go ahead and do door frames here and here. We're going to go ahead and do window frames above there. And I think I'll just do walls here on the sides. But this detail, this bit of detail is certainly up to you. Now, it's also up to you how you want to manage this roof. The way that seemed to make the most sense for me was to create a covered balcony space. So what we're going to do is be able to fill in the wall like so. Boom, boom, wall. Sorry, fill in the roof like that. And that is the shape we now have on this side of the house. So I think it would probably be wise to put in a couple of our doors. Like so. And we'll come back and worry about windows later. I'll make that choice that's up to you guys too. But I'll show you the ones that I think are going to look best. As to now coming in on this side, all we're going to have to do is go ahead and place a couple of walls. Here and here. And sorry, that has to be a window frame. That's why you always bring extras. So whatever the count says for me, you should probably plan on making some mistakes yourself. I'm going to do this and this and this and this. And I hope you guys are enjoying this. Hope you get to build along. Hope you get to follow with this build. I always enjoy that having people take a design and recreate it in the world. And I do apologize that I stopped with tutorials. It was really just a bunch of bunch of silly reasons. And I can certainly find a good way to do them and to share these ideas with you guys. So let's go ahead and do that. I think we have made a lot of progress on this house guys. I think before I bring it to you next, before I show you any part of this house next, I'm going to want to do some details. I mentioned I had it in mind as a farmhouse. So I'm going to slap a paint scheme on it and I am going to do a little bit of decorative stuff out front at the request of my patrons. They had some good ideas and I will leave this here on the Geeks Patreon server for a day. Maybe and I'll see I'll throw it out there. I'll see if one of my patrons wants to come and do up an interior and make up a suggestion for how to use the space in here. I would be excited to see what they come up with. So maybe I'll leave it for a day. I don't like doing the interiors. I'm only building this completely in vanilla, but we have a lot of a few mods to choose from on this server. So the Geeks could probably make a very nice looking interior. And I'll try not to put paint on the interior. I'm going to stick the paint to the outside and I'll leave you guys to come up with your own paint schemes. When you do tweet me, like I said, at United Clans, share a minute with me your paint schemes. But I'm going to... Boom. We did it guys. So at the suggestion of one of my Patreon supporters, I went and put in a big field of long grass to make this have a farmhouse feel. While I was away, I did some of the decorative stuff that you guys will end up doing for yourselves choosing what color you want to paint this. If you want to paint it at all, I think it looks pretty good in its naked plain color scheme. But there we go guys, that is the finished product. I did a parchment paint on the walls on all the wood with the exception of the windows. They take paint in a slightly different way than everything else. I actually did 10 paint on the window frames and then we did a forest green. We did forest green for the roofs and the little balcony, veranda roofs and for the peaks. But we did brown on the main roof. You can see the two-tone color scheme up here. I don't know if you agree. I left the wood unpainted pretty much everywhere. I did green on these wooden windows, which you could definitely do the greenhouse windows. I like the wood in this particular instance. It gives me a farmhouse feel. And then I did a little bit of red. That is actually a sorry brick. And on the brick, because this was the only wood not going vertically, I did give it paint. So that's got more tan or parchment paint. I can't remember exactly which. And then this bottom layer, all I did was paint a little bit of red along the edge of the railing. The stone didn't get any paint. And a lot of the wood. The pillars, the ceilings, the ramps, and the railings pretty much got no paint. So we want to go ahead and come in here. And you'll see it is a big open space that we ended up with in here. Guys, look at that. I'm going to leave it and see if one of my patrons wants to come and fill this with stuff. But what I did was some silver paint on the ground. I figured that would make it stand out. And that's region one. The other regions of the ground got a parchment or a tan. I can't remember which. And that sort of lit up this area and made it nice and bright to match up with the walls. But I'm going to take one more break guys. Come on back. And when you do, we will have this place finished. All right guys, so that is it. That has been the design. This is a very simple wooden house built with some stone, with some Adobe. But it is a straightforward build. You can do this. You can put this in your world and with the right paint job. It can look really fantastic. I'm really happy with what we ended up with today guys. So I will mention once again, this has been built on the Geeks Patreon server. It is a creative building server. It's an extinction server. So we have 30 days to build the crap out of it and then poof. It goes boom. And we'll do something different next month. Another form of creative building. So everyone on here gets to build like an admin like this. And gets to build to their hearts content. So that's brought me back to doing tutorials. If any of my patrons go ahead and decorate the interior when I ask, I will give you guys an outro with clips of the interior. But for now, I'm going to leave it there. Thank you Geeks for checking out this arc building tutorial for this large wooden house. I'm really happy with it. It's got an awesome farmhouse look and awesome farmhouse appeal. And that's it guys. I'm Unite the Clients. Thank you for watching and I will see you in the next one. Bye.