 Next up on copycat.com how to make snicker doodles. Hi everyone this is Stephanie Manley with copycat.com today I'm going to show you how to make snicker doodles. Snicker doodles are a cookie that I made years and years ago when I was gosh a brownie in school. So we're going to go ahead and give this a try today. Snicker doodles are a type of cookie that used to be popular I guess during the I don't know 1800s or something. They don't have any chocolate in them. They have a lot of cinnamon in them so if you like cinnamon and a butter style cookie you're going to love these so let's get started. So in here I have a half a cup of butter one and a half cups of sugar and I'm going to beat this together with two large sized eggs. I'm going to beat this together until it is nice and creamy. All right so this has beaten up well at this point and we are going to add two teaspoons of cream of charter. That's a special ingredient you need to add cream of charter. It kind of acts like a baking powder but it has a couple other ingredients in it. We're going to add one teaspoon of baking soda and it goes there. A quarter teaspoon of salt go ahead and put that in and we are also going to add two and three quarters cup of flour. So my mixer is a Bosch mixer. They're pretty common. I got mine at Costco. They don't sell in there anymore. You can see them on Amazon. So I'm going to put this little top right on here and we're just going to beat in the flour. All right so our cookie dough has mixed up properly now. So now I'm going to go ahead and put this in the refrigerator and I'm going to pull out one I made a little bit earlier today. So here is my pre-made cookie dough that I made a little bit earlier today. In here I have a half a cup of sugar and a tablespoon of cinnamon and I'm going to stir this together. Get a nice cinnamon and sugar mixture. Smells really good. Cinnamon smells incredible. I love the way cinnamon smells. So I'm going to use a special tool here. It's called a cookie scoop. I love to use a cookie scoop because it helps me make sure that all of my cookies are even. So I am first just going to take a bunch of these and make the cookie balls and then we'll roll them in the cinnamon and sugar in just a moment. So I've scooped out one sheet of cookie dough and the next thing we're going to do is we're simply going to roll it just a little, roll it in the powdered sugar and put it back on the sheet. The cookies are going to spread out themselves in the baking process. So we're going to bake these at 400 degrees between 8 to 10 minutes or until they're golden brown and that's it and we will come back when these are all done. So our Snickerdoodles have come out of the oven. Be sure to leave me a comment down below what type of cookie you like to make. So you can see these are really easy to do. They're perfect for anybody who doesn't like chocolate. I don't know who that would be but I'm sure there's people out there. So these are a really nice buttery cookie and they have such a great flavor. So we'll go ahead and give one of these a try. We release videos every Sunday and Wednesday so be sure to subscribe so you don't miss any of our videos here on YouTube. So we'll try this. You know what? I really like these. The cinnamon and sugar kind of crystallize and run the cookie. Do you get a nice little crunch with these when you buy them? I hope you enjoyed this video. Thanks for watching.