 Thanks for stopping my London's pantry. So today on the schedule we are going to do some canning. I promised you a while back when I used my hamburger relish for a potato salad that I would be making that in the summer. And so anyways that's what we're doing. I started it last night because you have to let the vegetables all render all their liquid in a salt pack, kind of like a salt pack. You salt them down with canning salt anyways. And then that has to sit for 12 hours before you can start the canning process and the cooking. So I'm going to bring you along for this right? And this recipe is absolutely wonderful. It's a great way to use a lot of zucchini if you have over a abundance of zucchini in your garden. No one ever knows that this is made from zucchini they just assume it's cucumbers because it's the best hot dog in hamburger relish you ever tasted. Okay so if this sounds like something you want to see, let's come along for the ride and let's do it. Glad to see you stay along for this ride. Okay so what I've got here and I'll leave the recipe in the description box on this one because it's so good. It's just a great way to use up your zucchini. So I use my food processor with the grater so everything's about the same size and you grade or chop finely chop 12 cups of zucchini, 4 cups of chopped onions, 2 red bell peppers and 1 green bell pepper and you use a third of a cup of canning salt and you layer it in your bowl and you know and really you get it mixed up well so the salt is everywhere and leave cover it and put it in the fridge or a cool place for 12 hours. So it will let off some of its juices and what happens is that creates a crispy kind of relish. It makes it crispier. So I've done all that and I saved you the, whoa, saved you the process of coming along for that ride. And so what happens now and you kind of have to push this through the colander and squeeze a little bit. Alright now I need to chop up, okay. You need to see did everything in this. You want to chop up a whole pepper, a chili pepper and a big jalapeno, I'll take your pan. jalapenos just as good as any other pepper. Get in the glove here, like that. Okay. I only need a glove for the hand that's going to touch it. I've already washed this jalapeno so. So cut that top right off and we're leaving everything in there remember. So I just go down and make little sticks as thin as I can. And then any can put this in the mini chopper, I just don't see any dirty at dish for this. But you do what you want. How you want to do it, okay. And then I've got that kind of pizzy membrane. Don't need all of that in there. Keep the seeds but I don't want to get that pissed. Okay. And then I'm going to, now that I've got a bunch of sticks here, I'm going to go back the other way and really give it a fine dice. I'm going to use some stuff. Okay. So it also calls for horse radish and prepared horse radish, four tablespoons, some nutmeg. I'm not going to put the full amount of nutmeg. I just don't think it needs the full amount. I'll give you the measurements and you decide what you want to take out or put in or you want to do it. Okay. So that was a nice size jalapeno too. I'll give it enough flavor. Okay. Now I need this. I'll spoon you that, I'll fetch you that. Okay. Put that pepper down in there and then we'll start adding the other ingredients. My canning jars are all sanitized and that bin boil and so they're ready to go. And I'm going to grab a microplane for a nutmeg. When I always use whole nutmeg if I can, it's just better if you do it fresh. You know? Watch your fingers because these microplains are sharp. This is like grating a walnut. Hmm. Smells good. Okay. So I got my nutmeg in there. I also add an ingredient that isn't on the list but I don't mind. And we're going to put down turmeric. Turmeric is very good for you. I guess. Well it's very popular in Indian dishes and so it's also kind of a prevention for Alzheimer's. You just don't see that over in India in those countries that use this spice a lot. So it's good to take a capsule of this every day or eat a lot of relish. Okay. So I need a tablespoon of turmeric. Okay. And it can be kind of expensive but I think you can get the capsules almost anywhere. And I want, because this is a hammer to relish, I'm putting down some dill. About a half a tablespoon just because I love dill. And it won't hurt the recipe one bit. Okay. And now we get to the horse radish. It's four tablespoons of prepared horse radish. So one, two, three, four. And I believe that is it on the spices. That's your chili pepper in there. That may make, and we need two and a half cups of granulated pure cane sugar. Okay. We want, sorry, I need my glasses on. Two and a half cups of white vinegar. So measure that out. Sure wish they made left-handed measuring cups. They probably do. That's on a wider bottom. A little bit more. Okay. I got my two and a half cups of white distilled vinegar. And now we're going to go over to the stove. Okay. We're going to put this on the stove and get it cooking. And then we'll get it jarred up and in the counter. So let me take you over there and we'll get moving. Isn't that pretty? It already has a really, let's see if I can do this without shaking. Too much. Shaking the camera around. Harry has a really pretty color and all the peppers and stuff that are in there. How beautiful. So we'll get you up for a close-up program on this stove. Please, to come up to a boil and then you need to simmer it for 45 minutes. Until you kind of get that consistency of what you would find in the grocery store. And then we can start jarring it up. So I'm bringing it up to temperature right now. And I snuck a taste. It's so good. It's between a sweet and a sour. And I just absolutely love it. You could take away some of the sugar if you wanted to. You know, if you wanted to make it more of a dill relish, which would be delicious as well, but that would be another recipe. So I'm going to make this one and then I'll probably make a dill relish. Something's zesty and spicy because I love that. I tend to take my pickles when I can them. All work hard at getting all the spears and everything. And then I take them out of the jars and cut them up for relish anyway. So I think this year we're just going to make relish. So I will bring you back when I'm trying this. I'm going to fill this jar. This is cooked for about, because it wants the vegetables to get kind of tender. So it's all this consistency of pickle relish. And so I'm putting this in my hot jars. And it water baths for 15 minutes. And I don't have to worry so much about air in here. Although I do go ahead and you want to have an inch ahead space and go to the next jar. It said it, the recipe said five pints. But I think there's more in here. I'm just guessing. We'll see. And this usually lasts us. I mean, we don't need pickle relish all the time. So this lasts us a good while. Usually a couple of years. So I might do a couple batches a year, you know, or a batch. Every other couple batches every other year. And that pretty yellow turmeric is coming through. We just love this. I'm loving hot dogs. I love it on hamburgers. Like it in my potato salad. And there you go. And I've got my water bath canter is already hot here. The lids and rings are on the back. They've been sterilized as sterile as I can get them. And it's really important when you're doing water bath canning that your implements, everything you use from your funnels to your pans. Everything is as spotless as possible because in a sterile as possible. And this we're not putting it in a pressure canter. So we're not killing all the things that we do in a pressure canter. So super important that you make sure that stuff is clean. Clean clean. Okay. We might even get seven here. Six. I know. For sure. Six. And probably some for the fridge. Right. Okay. Okay. Or maybe we'll get seven and we can't at all. I do have some extra jars. I always, always, always, always wash extra jars and have extra lids and rings. Just for that reason because you know the first couple times that happens that you have too much. Ooh hot. Some ice. So that one was too full and I do have enough for another jar. Let me grab this jar. Oh, it had a little steamy dish washer. Ouch. And okay. Just love the color. It's really good. I have another recipe that's really similar to this and I cannot find it. I wish I knew what I did with it. So seven pints. That's a pretty good meal off of those zucchini. And I have the dehydrator is going with four racks as a zucchini right now. So even better. That one could be a little fuller. Another scoop. Half a scoop. All right. And that. Okay, so I'm going to get my paper towel with vinegar on. I like to use what vinegar especially when I'm water bath canning. It's just a habit that my mom got me in. You just want to make sure nothing's going to prevent that from sealing. And that there's nothing right on the top of the rim there. Half an inch ahead space. And I'll get my listen rings on. And I like to put them together if I can. And so they're already ready to go. And there you go. Make sure you can see that. And they're pretty. Delicious. I'm going to drop that down on the can or in the can or actually I've got the canning rack up. I'm just going to put it down. It always scares me that it's going to fall. And I would hate to break jars such as disappointment after all that work. I mean, this has been, you know, last night after an 11 hour day today for an hour and maybe an hour and a half. So I would hate for my efforts to be lost because I dropped jars that dropped. Right? Move this out of my way. Okay. What's more than I expected, I'm really happy with the amount that it gave me. Perfect type. Okay. We'll get these all in the canner. I'm going to water bath them for 15 minutes. And last we have relish. So excited for this. So I'm taking that lid off and it's hot. So I'll grab my flowers act out and I was trying to move it away from me. So not getting that steamed tail that I don't need right now. These water bath for 15 minutes. Not sure like this. Like how pretty that came out. Oh my goodness. It is absolutely beautiful. Gorgeous. And then I'll let this water cool down on its own and it's got a splash of vinegar but I'll take it out and water one of my plants that likes acid. Maybe the raspberries or blueberries or whatever. So I don't waste that water. I could do dishes with it later. Here are the canning. I'm excited. So this will last us. Gosh. Unless I give a bunch of way, it will last us for a couple of years. So depending on how much I use, let me bring you in for a close-up. Oops. Here we go. Oh, here it. I love that sound. Makes me very happy. Isn't that pretty? And I'm going to grab my last jar that I have left and we'll compare the color from two years ago. Hold on one second. Boy, that isn't a whole lot different now. It's pretty darn close. I'll tell you. Just even I know you've got a little different lighting thing going on but I'm trying to think it might be a little bit darker but I don't think so. I think it's right there with it. That's our last jar from that year. So in actuality, we'll eat that one first and that means we have eight jars. So it's plenty of pickle relish for us. Anyways, I hope you were inspired by this video and inspired to do it yourself. Can some stuff that you're own in your garden don't let anything go to waste and be a little more self-reliant because of it and be really proud of what you put on the table because it's fresh. It's wholesome. You know what's in there. Anyway, I truly hope this brings you back and that you, if you like this, give me a thumbs up. If you really like it, share it on Facebook. Maybe you can give me a favorite. That would be awesome. So I'll see you next time, guys. God bless.