 Hello ladies and gentlemen this is Bryant with SFOTSource and SFFTSource, your premiere unofficial guides to six flags over Texas and six flags via Statex's. Now we're here to do another info vlog right before the season starts because one of you messaged me on the SFOTSource Facebook page and asked what should I buy? Should I buy a season pass or should I buy this brand new goal plus membership and I'm gonna kind of explain the pros and cons, benefits, everything to you guys right now so that maybe if you haven't bought one yet it'll make it easier for you to decide which would be best for you. So it's no doubt that six flags seems to really be pushing this membership thing. They've introduced this new goal plus membership and it comes with a bunch of brand new benefits and I don't think it's gonna be the only upgraded membership option that's gonna be available this year. I feel like there's probably gonna be three more tiers that are released at some time, not really sure, could be tomorrow, could be March, could be the summer but I do think it's coming and I think these are gonna have even more upgrades. I can say this right now without a doubt do not buy a regular level season pass and do not buy a regular level membership solely on the principle that they do not come with parking. You want that membership or that season pass that has the free parking because as you guys probably know parking has really increased over the last five to seven seasons or so. So now we're gonna go over the pros and cons of both the season pass and the goal plus membership. We're not gonna talk about the regular level just because I don't think they're worth buying. So if you do have questions about the regular level you can comment below or you can send me a message on one of our social media sites. So I think the biggest pro which could also be thought of as a con for the season pass is that you pay one price up front and you have access to the park all year. Now a lot of people say I don't want to I don't want to pay this huge fee up front but on the other hand a lot of people do not like paying a monthly membership. There's so many things now that take monthly memberships such as Netflix, Hulu, all kinds of things on the internet. So for some people they really don't like trying to keep track of all these monthly payments that are just coming out of their bank account. So it can be looked at as a pro or a con. The other pro is that of course it's gonna come with free parking and it's gonna give you access to purchasing a dining pass and things like that. Now the biggest pro of the goal plus membership is that it has a ton more benefits than the regular gold season pass which I'll kind of get into here in the next part of this video but it's gonna come with all of those extra benefits. It's gonna come with parking and it's also going to have a minimal up front cost. So we'll get into the cost breakdown in the next part of the video as well. Now one of the cons is like I said you have these monthly payments coming out of your bank account. A lot of you might not care some of you might care. I know personally I like to just pay for something but the only option with a membership is to pay it monthly. You can't pay it by the year. So you're gonna have that fee each month that automatically comes out of your bank account and you're locked into this thing for 12 months. So if you want to cancel before the 12 month period you're out of luck. You're gonna have that thing for the full 12 months and then after the 12 months you can decide do I want to keep it going or do I want to cancel. The membership is basically going to keep going until you decide to cancel it. The one important thing to point out when you're looking at season passes and memberships is that at six flags over Texas there's a gold season pass but then there's also a gold two-park season pass. So your gold pass is gonna give you the gold level access to just six flags over Texas and the other six flags parks but if you buy the two-park gold pass you'll also have access to Hurricane Harbor and Arlington. Keep in mind all you fee has to Texas people. The water park is actually included with admission because it is attached to the main park. So I'm just gonna run through some of the common benefits that the gold plus membership and the gold season pass have. So you're gonna get admission to all of the six flags theme parks with both and if you have a two-park pass for over Texas like I said you're gonna get into Hurricane Harbor and Arlington. You're gonna give free tickets for friends on select days and you're gonna give free parking, free regular parking at all of the six flags theme parks that you visit throughout the season. You'll still have your pass appreciation days as well as your season pass exclusive ride time events and you'll also have over three hundred dollars in in-park discounts those are the coupons you usually see in the app that pop up throughout the year. So here's where the gold plus membership really starts to trump having a season pass. You're gonna have admission to all outdoor water parks in the six flags chain. You're going to have priority park entrance through the special membership turn style. Your benefits are gonna be able to be used at every six flags theme park and I know with the season pass that gets tricky sometimes some of the stuff can be used everywhere but a lot of it can only be used at the park that you actually processed the pass at. Now when it comes to savings on in-park upgrades and in-park purchases this is where the gold plus membership really kind of trumps that gold season pass. You're going to have discounts on souvenir bottles tickets for friends merchandise the photo pass dining passes all food and beverage flash passes and the list goes on those are really just the main things. You're also going to get a one-time five-dollar powdered sugar funnel cake with the gold plus membership you'll also get a one-time free icy upgrade, a one-time double ride on a paid attraction. So if you're at Fiesta Texas that'll be GoCarts, Texas Gunslinger, those types of things at six flags over Texas that'll be DiBomber Allianne also the GoCarts. They're also saying that other surprises will be announced as the season goes on. The other great thing about having a gold plus membership is that there will be membership only pass appreciation days and there will also be membership only exclusive ride time events. You're going to get an exclusive membership newsletter, you'll get an exclusive membership lanyard, you'll get a specialized ID for your membership and like I said you'll have your own special entry into the park as well as your own support center. So if you're having issues with the pass that's chat, email, phone, etc. So at this point in time I would have to go with the gold plus membership. I think it's very obvious even though I don't like having something with monthly payments. If far outweighs the season passes I mean and this is only I think this is only going to be the base level membership option. I think there's going to be three more membership options that give you even more discounts, give you parking upgrades, give you front of the line access to rides each time you come. I think some of these are just going to have some crazy benefits but I also think that they're going to really start to kind of approach a higher price point. For those of you who have already bought your 2018 season pass I did see from Six Flags Management that there's likely going to be upgrade options later on this season. So if you have a 2018 season pass or you have a 2018 regular membership you should be able to actually upgrade that to one of these membership options if that is something that you would like to do. So real quick I'm just going to break down the pricing for the gold plus membership. As you guys know this is the only membership offered so far as a February 20th 2018. These prices are subject to change at any time and the tiers of the memberships could honestly change at any time as well. So at Six Flags over Texas the pricing is actually different than at Six Flags via Statex's. Pay close attention I don't want you guys to get confused on this and I don't want you guys to think it's one price when it's actually the other. If you're buying this at Six Flags over Texas it is going to cost as low as 699 a month. Now keep in mind 699 a month means you're buying more than three of these passes. If you're buying one to three of these passes it's realistically going to be 935 a month or 835 a month if you put down a $20 security deposit that is refundable. Now with Six Flags via Statex's the gold plus membership comes in as low as 60 a month if you buy more than three. However if you buy only one to three then it's going to cost $8.85 a month or $7.85 a month with that $20 refundable security deposit. Make sure you guys check out the visit planner for both Six Flags over Texas and Statex's. Those links are in the description below. We periodically update that and that kind of gives you a simplified idea of admission into the parks and other upgrades and we kind of break down the benefits of each and what we recommend and it's just a more simplified way of looking at that information. We've also put some links to some comparison charts that the park has released. This compares all of the season pass and membership options side by side so you can see what the full benefits actually are for purchasing one or the other. If you guys liked this video please make sure you subscribe. YouTube has changed their partnership settings once again so we've actually lost our partnership status and your subscriptions really help us out. We're going to actually be heading out to Six Flags over Texas for opening weekend. Not sure what day it's going to be depends on the weather and we're going to go through all of the big updates that they've done this year as far as well as maybe some things that we don't know about. Near the beginning of March we're going to be heading back out to Fiesta Texas. We're going to a special VIP event for Wonder Woman Golden Lasso Coaster and we'll have footage of that and then we're also going to go out to the park again when it's open to the public and we're going to get you updates on all of the upgrades and changes that are happening at Fiesta Texas for the 2018 season as well. We thank you guys for watching and we'll see you soon.