 Hey welcome to this snow globe tutorial. We will learn how to make a snow globe in honor of the christmas season. I don't I don't have windows in this room. So for the glass part of the snow globe you can use just in every day drinking glass like this one. Make sure to remove any superfluous protrusions from the glass such as this piece. So I'll move that to the side for a second because now we need some beautiful unique snowflakes to go inside of our snow in globe. So for this I'm going to use this blu-ray DVD. It's best to use blu-ray because then you get some nice high definition snowflakes plus it is blue. The color of snow. So now you just need to turn this into some nice snowflake shapes using your available tools. See that's one snowflake down a hundred million more to go. Under the snow under the snow under the snow there's lots of fucking seashells under the snow. Almost done. Look at all that pretty snowflakes. Okay now that we have a nice little collection of snowflakes we just need to put them in our snow globe. But that's not all. It's also good to put some kind of little figurine inside the globe. So I will be using this idol of the one true Santa Claus. See he fits inside there perfectly. Just gotta add some more snowballs. I mean snowflakes. Yeah there's a few pieces of broken glass mixed in with the snowflakes but that's okay that's just that makes it more like realistic. So now we need to seal it up. Make it nice and airtight and there we have it a nice Christmasy snow globe. Ring, tingling, tingling, ringling, ringling, ring. Yeah how does it feel Santa Claus? How does it feel to be trapped inside your snowy prison? Forced to gaze upon the many wonders of the world yet unable to touch or to feel them due to the confines of your little glassed bubble. It's your own little Christmas time too in which you shall remain Santa Claus. Thou shalt remain in thine cage until the end of days. Oh no I just realized I forgot to add air holes. I don't want him to run out of oxygen. Okay I am going to use this fork because that way I can create four breathing holes and that should be enough. Okay so on the count of three I will use a careful precision and force to puncture the snow globe. Okay one. Oh the snow is melted.