 Hi guys, in this video we're going to answer the question, will stevia knock you out of ketosis? Okay, there's some mixed reviews out there on the internet, on the inner webs, and so on my Facebook closed group I presented a little experiment for everyone to do and this is the results. We wanted to check both blood sugars and ketones before and after consuming like a packet of stevia without the multidextrin because we wanted a pure stevia without the added sugar or some people use the liquid stevia. This is not a standardized test, it gives us just a rough idea but I wanted to see generally what kind of results we would get. Okay, so this is what we found with blood sugars. 63% of the participants had an increase of blood sugar by three points. However, it was still within the normal range, it was below 100 and so this is insignificant, even though it was a slight spike. And the rest of the participants had a lowering of blood sugars by eight points. Interesting, so it was kind of a cancel itself out. And then when we checked ketones, 63% of the participants had a decrease in ketones by 0.1. So they went from, let's say, 0.5 to a 0.4, someone to a 0.3 to a 0.1. So again, insignificant. Okay, the rest had an increase of ketones by 0.2. So what does this tell us? It's pretty much the mixed bag. Some people increase their blood sugars, some people decrease, some people increase the ketones, some people decrease their ketones, but it still was insignificant. So should you worry about consuming stevia when you're doing a keto plan? Is it going to be a problem? The answer is no, it's not going to be significant. It may increase things slightly or decrease things slightly, but nothing to worry about. Just make sure if you consume stevia, it does not have the added multidextram. Alright, thanks for watching. Hey, you know what? I just want to say something. Only 30% of the people that watching this video actually make it this far. And you did. So I really appreciate you. Thank you so much.