 Wow! Beautiful weather! Beautiful morning ladies! Welcome back! We are having a late start, it's our last day up here in the north. What's happening today man? Yeah today we're going for some Arctic shower. This is going to be short day, we need to catch the plane back to Stockholm tonight so yeah now we just need to hit the car and meet up, meet up a John and catch some char. Let's do this! Dude it's man! Alright so we just arrived here to the place, we're gonna go with snowmobiles to the small lake that we're gonna go after the longer Arctic charts that live up here. Yeah so let's get on the snowmobiles. This is gonna be so much fun, I haven't been on the snowmobile for like 10-15 years so this is gonna be crazy! Let's do this! That was fun! Sick! So right to the place! Yeah today we are in Schulsmark, north of Sweden at the lake Lillebrenthesket, I mean we're going to fish for big, big Arctic chart. Well this is gonna be dope, I've never caught an Arctic chart so even if if you only get a bite this is gonna be a huge success so let's get started. Yeah I see I hit the wood for how exhalteria I am for this. How many magots can you have? Croquetful! Altea for pa! Let's do this it's gonna be freaking awesome! Yeah let's let's freaking do this, I'm speechless right now. So in this lake we have rainbow, we have Arctic chart. Yeah? Yeah, cool! All right so we are fishing today with something that looks like this. This is supposed to attract the fish to the place and hopefully they will come and choke on this hook filled with magas or wax worms or wax worms. Yeah. Jon's a bit late, it's gonna come in like one hour. Yeah I'm freaking pumped so let's get a little geared up and let's see if we will get the Arctic chart part of going over here. It's freaking do this, we're excited than ever before. So we have some magas over here and we have got the instructions to just fill the hook up as much as possible. What do we think? Yeah that's gonna be just fine. You all right so we just came out here on the ice. I'm super stoked because I've never actually caught one. I've never had the opportunity to even fish for one. So if I'm gonna catch one today, they're probably gonna hear it down to Stockholm. We're fishing for stocked trout and rainbow and Arctic chart and if we happen to catch anything we'll keep it and eat it for lunch. So hopefully we'll get some today. Arctic catching cook, that's what we're gonna do today. There we go. There we go. I've been fishing for two minutes and we have the first dandelion hook. Oh my god. Oh they see it's always a huge rainbow. Oh look at that dandelion over here. Look at that freaking fish man. Wow that's exactly what we came for. That's after like two minutes of fishing and we have the first one on the ice. Wow that's a beauty. Look at that freaking fish man. I saw your rod when you said that hook was so crazy. It's a freaking dandelion man. Look at the colors of that fish. Well done man. Let's catch one more. I actually rainbow trout is how I got started in fishing. I've always been fishing pike and perch. What one I was like 10-11 years old. I joined my uncle and caught some rainbow trout and that's what really set off the interest of fishing. Hey John. Made it go the first one after like two minutes. How is the rainbow? We have rainbow and trout rare. Nice job buddy. Cheers man. Congrats. Let's see. Only a few more hours left here in Sweden. I'm going to try to spend the right. The bite must be somewhat on right now. I'm going to stop talking. I'm going to get rigged up and hopefully hook up to a fish. This is really exciting. This is sick. Kind of a crusty start on my part. Oh there we go there we go there we go. Oh there's come on there. Oh he's going. Rainbow. Yeah dude. That's a nice one. Look at that. My first rainbow in many many years. So as I'm doing my entry catch one. We go nice spot. So John arrives to the scene and I caught the first fish within like two minutes. Wow. Such a great start. Made it. This is awesome. This is great. This is great. This is great. This is great. This is great. This is great. This is great. I'm so glad you guys have catched him. This is incredible. I'm pretty sure you're going to catch some fish as well. Yeah. We're supposed to keep all of them since they're stalked. This fish are not native from here. But still they're so beautiful. I've never noticed stalked. This is crazy. Before I could even get my injury off before I could even say hey guys welcome back. Sorry I made such a duster and woke up late this afternoon or this morning. It feels like afternoon. These guys are cranking rainbows. The main target in the goal for today is to try to hopefully cross pass with an Arctic char. A very epic badass beautiful fish. Well it may not be native to where we're at right now. It is native just only a few hundred miles north in the mountains of Sweden and Norway. So that's the goal for today. But there are brown charred here. There's rainbow charred obviously. But maybe just maybe we'll hook into a char. That'd be very sick. I'd like to show you guys what a char looks like and I like to catch one through the ice. Do you have a bit? Where's it again? Oh no! Whoa such a great start guys. Two fish right away. I can't describe how nice it is being up here in the north of Sweden with this weather. No wind. Pretty cold but still so nice. I can even be in my hat. But when it gets wet in your hands it's not very nice so you don't want to get too wet. Now let's try to catch one more. This is the rod. All the classic stuff. I want to get a bite. You just set the hook like a normal rod but then you fight the fish with your hands because the gear ratio is not very good in this old reel. It's mainly for us keeping the line on there. So we've been told to make quite aggressive movements with a lure, the rig to attract the fish and hold still for a while and wait for the bite. So pretty similar to the perched fishing we did but with heavy stuff. The hook is actually a car hook. Mark has told me so there are fish up to like four or five six kilos in this lake so if we catch one of these it's gonna be crazy. So let's get this baby back in the water again. Oh! Jesus Christ! How's it going man? It's going. Got a nice rainbow here. Look at that guy. Oh look at that. Wow fat rainbow. What a fish. Boy we've been out here for just like 10, 15 minutes and I've caught my first rainbow trout. These are our stocker trout so we are going to keep them there. They're going to be food for later. It feels good to get like a really solid pull after two is a fishing for perch. Just to go or just fish. Alright buddy I'd like to say we'd go back for the release but you're dinner. Alright John we have something in common here. We have two trout. Yeah we have two trout and neither of us has ever caught Swedish trout before. Really those are the first time? Yeah first time. First time ever fishing for one. Maybe let's get some browns and then maybe some char. Yeah that'd be epic. Yeah let's do it man. Oh there we go. Oh my goodness. What a strike. Look at that freaking fish. What a beauty. I just kind of get enough of this fish. Oh boom now. Shit. Alright guys we have been fishing for a solid two hours and we have some nice fish over the ice. So what do you say Pontes? What's it time for right now? I think it's time for the cooking part. For the best part. We should actually do it more often. Yeah we should do a catching cook of a pike this spring. Let's do it. Let's do it. Let's do some fish and fish and fish stuff. Thanks for the ride. Fish bump. You do it like this. This is like a high five. Modern stuff. That's how we do it. Even though it's a nice day it's pretty cold there. So it's nice to go and have some lunch and get a bit warm again. Yeah. Lunch time. Lunch time. So we're just gonna fill in my up real quick and put it on the moorika pound with some salt and that's gonna be all good to eat. So let's get this going. So long good fillet. So there we go. Too nice fillet so we're now gonna put on the pan. So we're gonna have some rainbow trout and some John's Arctic char. This guy over here. We're gonna cook them up and have probably the best lunch so far. That does not get much more fresh than this. Yeah no. Got hard your hands right now. They're pretty cold but you were taking a deep breath. So it's two o'clock lunch time. Milly's doing his magic back there. If you have the possibility try to always bring your friend like Miele on their fishing trips. Makes them so much more enjoyable you know. Now I can't wait to taste what he has come up with this time. Let's have some lunch. Yeah the lunch is finished now. All cooked up already so let's feast baby. Going in for an official taste test. This was just caught minutes ago. Unbelievable. That's like actually unreal. Looks pretty hot so good. Oh that's hot. It's hell bitter that was hot. There's a fair band-aid got there. Lunch time's over. Yeah we're heading out for some big fish again. The sun is setting now. What do we have in it like one hour? One hour more for fish. So one more hour. Yeah let's just try to enjoy the scenery here and catch a few fish. I'm so happy even if we don't catch any more fish. Yeah I caught one right away. You caught one or two? I have two. I think that'd be a little bit better than you. Hey oh it is. Yeah. Are you so worth the time to that lunch? Okay let's go catch an Arctic char. Yeah I'm gonna miss this. So bad. This has been it has been awesome. Totally awesome. Doing. Beginning to the end. Doing something that we're not really used to. We have like one hour more for fish so let's get there. Let's get going. Getting friends to go in man. Okay so let's see if we can catch some last minutes. Trout here or char. Love to catch a char now. Might have been the last fish of the day. Oh well done Dawn. So the sun is setting and headbanger master Dawn hooks into nice fish. How does it feel? Dawn is the man behind the headbanger tail. One of my favorite pikelers and I was hooked up to what might be last fish of today. Rainbow. Oh big rainbow. So this right here is the biggest fish of the day I would say. Well done Dawn. Yes. Such a beauty. Before we guys we're just about to end this cool day and now we have a moose joining us in the ice. Look at that. That's beautiful. This is another reason why you go fishing. This nature stuff. So now we're packing all the gators together. Me and Mila are gonna catch the flight back home to Stockholm and then we'll have this moose coming out to nice. That's just a perfect ending on this trip. All right last day here up north in Sweden and what do you say Jon? I say that I am gonna miss Sweden at least tomorrow and I don't know if I can stay here and catch more fish. There's so much more to do here but thanks for having me. Yeah it's all right it's all right. We ate some nice lunch. caught a lot of fish to top it off with a moose we have over here. Yeah who wants to get on the bite but unfortunately the bites it's over so we're out now. Honestly nothing more you can ask for day like this and it's a top it on John Cutter's first char and Swedish rainbow trout ever so. Yeah I caught four different species. During this trip. Yeah four new species. Pretty badass. Thank you guys for watching. I appreciate you having me. It was good to be part of these adventures here in Sweden. As always keep fishing. Never stop.