 Hi, it's Tommy from Rob Land. Dark leafy greens are the most nutritious foods we can put into our body. They contain the perfect balance of vitamins and minerals, they are high in antioxidants, and even amino acids, the building blocks of protein. Unfortunately though, most people don't get enough greens in their diet because they don't like the bitter taste. I mean, take this a bunch of parsley for example. I could never sit down and eat all of this, it's just not going to happen. It tastes horrible and I'll be chewing on it all day. Throw some greens into the Vitamix with some sweet fruit. It's not only going to taste delicious, it's going to be quick and easy to drink. Green smoothies are the main reason I use my Vitamix machine every day at home. I know it's going to be the main reason you use yours as well. So let's show you how easy it is to make a delicious green smoothie. In my container here, I have some green grapes. Nutritionists have found a chemical in grapes, helps to lower cholesterol. I'm going to put in an assortment of fruit. You can use any sort of fruit you like. I'm going to use some honeydew melon. Second most nutritious fruit on the planet. So, so good for you. So nutritious because of all these seeds. You don't want to waste those at all. Just remove the peel. That's a little bit bitter. I've got some apple. The doctor says, have an apple a day. He's talking about the whole apple. Seeds, caught, peeled, stem. 100% goes in. I've got some pear here. I love pear. Pear's a great alkylizing fruit. And that's what we want to do. We want to keep our bodies in an alkylized state for optimal health. Really good for you. And an orange. Just going to shave off the outside of this orange. Now just notice I'm trying to leave as much white on the orange as possible. There's lots of vitamin C in the pith. It's very, very good for you. So just do your best to shave the outside off there. That looks pretty good. Throw in the whole orange. You're not going to bog down the Vitamix. It's very powerful. And we're going to put some pineapple in. Our pineapple contains an enzyme called bromelene. An anti-inflammatory, great for arthroporitis and sore muscles. The highest concentration is found in the core. Part will usually throw in the bin. And it goes. And half a banana. Alright, let's put some greens in here. I've got some spinach. I love spinach. Packed with chlorophyll. Chlorophyll is the closest thing to human blood. Just like a natural blood transfusion. Every time we put that in. So good for you. Put a nice big handful in there. And put some fresh parsley. Our parsley is an amazing cleanser. Just like a natural hot. Also good for fresh breath. Put that in there. And we're going to put some ice in here. Just to keep it cold. Just taste better when it's cold. Notice how full I'm packing this up. Any quantity you can make at home. It doesn't matter. As long as you cover the blade. I make this much every morning at home. We'll lock our lid into place. Make sure that lid's locked in place. And I'll start it on a slow speed. Now that's barely turning. That's the slowest blender on the planet. It's not going to make us a smooth juice. This is great for chopping up your vegetables. Use it like a food processor. Just to give you an idea of the power. Two horsepower. Even on that slow speed. It's called a tamper designed to push everything into the blade. Even on that slow speed. I can push all that ice. That whole apple straight into the blade. Now you're not going to stop the machine from turning. It's pretty amazing. It hasn't got smooth yet. That's not going to make us a smooth juice. Let's get it up on the high speed. These blades are spinning it over 30,000 rpm. 500 times a second. Get it up on the right side. Alright, juice is done. Got two liters of juice here. If you were to make that a home in a juice extractor. It'd probably get this much juice. When I saw the pulp and fiber. and you're losing all that good nutrition. Let's serve up some of these. Hmm, green smoothies. Look how smooth that comes out. Seeds, core, the peel, the stem. Holvarized everything into liquid and released maximum nutrition in the food. Our Vitamix is actually scientifically proven to rupture plant cell walls, releasing more phytonutrients. So basically, it's a lot healthier for you. Can't wait to taste this. All right. Hmm. I'm going to have a bite. I'm going to have a bite. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah.