 Hey guys, FiliBoy J here and today I'm going to be showing you guys how to make Jamaican style ax tails. Here are the seasonings that you are going to need. You're going to need some onion powder. You're going to need some salt. You're going to need some paprika. You can substitute the salt and paprika with seasoning salt. You're going to need some thyme. I like to season my ax toes with thyme. The other option that you have is you can use a fresh thyme spray and put that in the pot with the ax tails as they are cooking instead of seasoning the ax tails with thyme. You're going to need some ground Jamaican oil spice, some garlic powder and some black pepper. So make sure you have all of those seasonings. Here's what else you're going to need. You're going to need some ketchup. Your ketchup is on the sweeter side but we use that to balance out the acidity levels. We're going to be using a lot of vegetables and strong ingredients. So we're going to use ketchup. You're going to need some minced garlic, some pearl olive oil, whooshes of shire sauce and browning and seasoning sauce. That's going to give the ax tails their color. Okay, so make sure you have those ingredients as well. You're going to need some all-purpose flour. That's what's going to give our ax tails a nice little gravy. Here are the vegetables that we're going to be using. You're going to need some scallions, aka green onions. You're going to need a tomato. You're going to need a small onion. You're going to need red and green bell peppers and one Scotch binaillipipa. If you can't find Scotch binaillipa because they are hard to find at times on a market, use a habanero pepper. Okay, that's a great substitution. So let's move on to the first step. Okay, guys, what you're going to do first is you're going to get a big mixing bowl. We're going to be soaking our ax tails. You know that I love to always clean my meat on this show. By the way, I'm using three pounds of ax tails. Feel free to double this recipe if you still need more. So this is not that many ax tails. I'm going to use a three pounds. And you're going to add some salt to this. And we're going to cover the ax tails with some water. And let them soak in the salt water solution until they fall out. Then we're going to rinse them off really well. Okay, we're going to move on and focus on our vegetables while our ax tails are thawing out. So this is our onion. You want to make sure you chop it up a couple of times before adding the two the food processor. So that's the way you want sure about peppers to look. We're only using half of each bell pepper because we're not meeting the lot of ax tails. If you're using a large bell pepper, only use like one fourth of each red and green bell pepper. Okay, but these are medium sized bell peppers. So we're going to use half of each. This is the way you want sure to be able to look. Just cut it in half. And you're only going to remove this part of the scallion. So cut that off. We're going to be using about six to eight sticks of scallions. The kind of wet here had them in the freezer. Okay, so I'm going to add some mails. I'm going to add the six scallions, the green and red bell peppers, and the onions. We're not going to add the scallions on the pepper. We're just going to add that to the pot whole as the ax tails are cooking. Okay. And it's at this time that I add the minced garlic as well. And we're going to blend this. Okay, so the first thing that we're going to add is our wooshishishire sauce. Okay. Then we're going to add our browning and seasoning sauce. Just going to give it color. Okay, okay. Then we're going to add our ketchup. Just going to pound this things out. I love adding ketchup to this. Oh my god. Will he give this a special? Yeah, it's a flavor. Okay. I'm going to massage this in. It's going to be pretty dark. Okay, so it's time to add the seasonings. We're going to add our salt. And the full recipe can be found on my website, fullyjcooking.com. And there will be all the measurements and detailed instructions that I may not mention in the video. We're going to add our onion powder. We're going to add our garlic powder. Even though we're going to add the minced garlic that's in the paste. You still want to add garlic powder. You want your oxos to be really flavorful. You don't want to blame oxos. We're going to add our Jamaican oil spice. We're going to add our thyme. For additional color, we're going to add our paprika. We're going to give it a nice color. And we're going to add our black pepper. Okay. Now we're going to add our seasoning that we made earlier. So I'll get back with you guys when we're ready to cook our oxos. And five to eight hours. Please this in a refrigerator covered with a lid. And I'll get back to you guys once it's time to cook them. Okay guys. So it's hours later. Here is our seasoning. We're going to add that to the pot later. But what you're going to do is you're going to scrape all of the seasoning off of the oxos first. Here is our oxos. Okay. Well seasoned and marinated. What we're going to do is we're going to massage in some flour now. Add our flour. All right. We're going to massage this in very well. That's the way your oxos look now. So you're going to get your pot. You're going to place it over a medium heat. And then you're going to add your olive oil. Not going to add much olive oil. Once your pot to be hot. Then you're going to add your oxos and we're going to brown them. We're going to let them brown for about. I don't know. Maybe 10 minutes. Maybe less. You want to make sure to keep starving as they brown if you don't want them to burn. And the browns pretty quickly. So you might not even need to do it for 10 minutes. But you want them to be brown. And keep stirring so that they don't stick and burn. And make sure that you're using a non-stick pot. Okay, guys. So as you can see, they're brown. So what you're going to do is you're going to add your seasoning. All that seasoning up in there. I'm going to stir that in. Let's see what that juicy flavor going to come from. Look at that. Look at that seasoning. Stir that in. You're going to add your Scotch-Vinet Pepper. And to that bowl, we're all that remaining seasoning. That's where you're going to add your water to get out all that remaining seasoning. And you're going to pour that into the pile of oxs. You need to take these about. Somewhere between three and a half to four hours. I'm going to cover this with a lid, but I'm going to make sure to leave a crack on the side so that it don't cook over like this. The crack on the side there. That's going to help it get nice and tender. And come back in and check it every 25 to 30 minutes of stir it. Make sure you stir it every 25 to 30 minutes. And just let it cook down until the juice thickens into a nice gravy. And then we're going to add our butter beans. I didn't talk about that earlier, but we're going to add our butter beans. All right. I'll see you guys soon. Okay guys. So like I said, make sure that you stir your oxs tells every 25 to 30 minutes. Just so that they don't stick to the bottom of the pot and you lose all your meat to the bottom of the pot. That's why it's important to use a non-sticky pot like I'm using here, but I just wanted to let those of you who are not using non-sticky pots to make sure that you stir so that the oxs tells don't stick. All right. These are all most done. As you can see, the juice is sticking in now. We're three hours in and usually it takes them three and a half to four hours. So it looked like this is going to take about another hour. Okay guys. And here are our oxs tells that the juice has thickened into a nice thick gravy. As you can see here, they are pretty much all done nice and tender. Now this is optional. And I want to say this just so that you guys know that the scotch-bina pepper disintegrated because of the heat. It broke it down. So it's kind of like just all throughout the year. If you don't like rubby spicy oxs tells, I suggest that you remove the scotch-bina pepper after two hours. Okay. Before this disintegrate, what we're going to do now is we're going to add our butter beans. Okay. I'm trying the juice first. I'm using two cans. And stir that in. We're going to get ready to plate our delicious juice. To make us our oxs now. Get back with you in a few. It's going to be amazing. Okay guys, we're going to add our oxs tells now. Look at those bad boys. These are really delicious. Get this recipe a shot. You're going to love it. Butter beans. Oh my gosh. Hope you guys like this. Peace.