 So friends, once you visit your grocery store you will always be back with lot and lot of grocery plastic bags that is carry bags. Sometimes we want to store them for future use. So when you store it by dumping them into the drawer like this, there are so many negatives. The first thing is it is not at all looking nice. The second thing is when you try to take one carry bag, two or three will come all together and you may get irritated. And when you try to store some more carry bags, you will not find space even though the drawer is big in size. And the third is when you try to open it, you may find it hot since these carry bags are stuck in between your drawer. And when you try to close it, some carry bags would pop out like this and it is not at all looking nice. So today I am going to share with you a video on how to store large number of carry bags in a very small space so that you will find more space in your kitchen and also it is always easy to access and you can store so many carry bags as much as you want. So let's begin. So first take your carry bag and just adjust the edges like this to get a nice shape. You have to insert the extra inside so that you will get a nice shape with your carry bag like this. So just run your hand through this so that the air inside the carry bag would come out that way you can fold it to a very nice shape. So after you did it, just starting from the end, fold your carry bag as I am doing here and I have folded it and if your carry bag is big, you can just fold it even more for 4 to 5 times. So once you fold it, just start from the edge, fold it like this to the opposite side and you will get a nice triangle shape. Continue doing it till you reach the edge. So just like you fold your sumo sauce, you have to fold your carry bags and once you reach the edge, just take the last part of your carry bag and insert it into the pocket that you got in your carry bag. So now you can see I have got a nice triangle shape. So I will show you one more time. So I have just did it for around 15 to 16 carry bags. So I will show you now how to store them. So here I have a small 10 or 12-lunch plastic box. You could also use a plastic basket or even a cardboard box, anything would go. So just take it and just start arranging your folded carry bags inside. So I have just arranged it properly and you could see how nice it looks. In this 10-inch box I have stored 15 carry bags right now and still I have some more space. If I want to store, can store even 15 carry bags in the small bags. Still I have space, you can see it. So now I am just going to take it and keep it inside my drawer. So you can see how nice it looks and as I told you earlier I have still some more space around. Can store around 15 to 20 carry bags into this and if I want to take one carry bag, I can take it one or even if I want two or three, can take it how much ever you want. If you want to store it back, storing them back is also very easy. And the previous one which I showed you as a drawer, which is four times larger than the plastic box. And in this big drawer I just stored a 30 carry bags but when I store those carry bags in this plastic bags by folding them, I can store around 30 to 35 carry bags which is four times smaller than the drawer. So I hope you understand. And if you are really lazy to do all those folding, the best way is to buy this carry bag dispenser. So you can buy it at IKEA or at any online store like eBay, Amazon or Walmart. So you can see they have given a small hanging holes at the back so you can hang it wherever you want or you have a sticking tape and you can stick it wherever you want. So the option is yours and if you want to keep it on your kitchen cabinet or kitchen counter, you could also just place it wherever you want. And so you can also see there is a small stand at the bottom like this so you can just, if you don't want to hang or stick, you can just place it as it is. So it is up to you. And if you see at the front they have given a small, small holes and two big holes. So just take your carry bags and just dump them inside. So whenever you want you can take it through the holes they have given in it. So whether it is a large or small carry bags, you can use this holes to take it when you can just dump your carry bags as it is. So this is a one way and you could also keep your carry bag dispenser horizontally like this. So based on the space you have in your kitchen, you can keep it horizontally or vertically. So I hope this video is helpful for you. Visit my channel to enjoy other interesting videos on Indian cooking recipes. Subscribe to get regular updates on organization tips and Indian cooking recipes. Thank you for watching and every