 It's amazing to be in the kitchen giving me recipes, ideas and things we can make at home. Anyway, guys today we want to do a stir fried cabbage. A lot of people talking about key up in jacket moment, but if I'm me, I love my veg, yeah? And I'm gonna show you all you can do yourself some bread, stir fried cabbage at home. And in general recipe, subscribe to the channel, leave your comments below and thank you so much to Chorne and watch my show. We got a lot more ideas, recipes, tips and also a lot more stuff coming. Anyway, look out for Christmas recipe, soon becoming a panda channel. Thank you so much guys to watch it, my show. Lovely, nice. As you can see right here, I just want to basically want to say I got some red cabbage, carrot, mixed peppers, right here garlic and some first time, first tomato and right here got some spring onion and some white onion which I already cut up. So all of these recipes going together and I'm gonna show you all you can as fry off this lovely red cabbage and say it is a lovely stir fried cabbage. So guys, in general recipe and subscribe to Chorne, please leave your comments below. Got a lot more tips and ideas coming here with a basic little bit of cut up all of these ingredients. I'm gonna stir fry them together and give you a lot of flavor. In general recipe and subscribe my YouTube channel. Thank you so much for watching. I'm gonna show you all the recipes and tips coming here with a special recipe. Stay tuned, don't go anywhere. Nice and lovely, so basically as I can see right here. What we're gonna do is pop a little bit of olive oil in a frying pan like this. Pinch of olive oil. Then next what we're going to do, we've got two cloves of garlic, finely chopped up your garlic. Like this, put the straight inside of the bottom of the pot. Then what we're gonna do next, we're gonna put in a little bit of the white onion. Alright, that's what you want to do. Alright, then we're gonna put in the red cabbage. The red cabbage I have, a whole lot of cabbage and a scot of a little piece of it just to make some red stir fried cabbage. That's the volume I'm gonna come up with volume two. And some fresh thyme, that's gonna simple. Cut it up, put it inside of it just like that. Medium sized tomato. Straight in it. We're gonna love the flavor towards it. See him with it. Spring onion. Straight in it. Rest off the white onion and this is just a medium sized white onion and I'm using it. Then we've got some green pepper. Chunky green pepper. Chunky red pepper. Lovely and nice, you're gonna bring in a lovely flavor to it. I don't know you guys gonna be loving it. Alright, got some yellow pepper. One medium sized carrot, remove the skin. And simply give it a nice lovely wedges. Nice one. So this is the way I do my carrots as you can see. Cut them up very small. Straight in it. Then over the little pot, straight under fire. Stir fry it. Get the little flavor in it. Put some herbs and some pepper in it. Nice one. So I'm gonna stop. What we're going to do. Put a little bit of mixed herb. Just a little pinch of mixed herb. Little bit of black pepper. Close pepper. And a little bit of vegetable season. And this is some unsalted butter for flavor. A little bit of salt. Alright. Nice one. So I'm gonna make that cook for about 10 minutes. Nice, lovely guys. I love the guys, so as you can see, this is roughly about 10 minutes ago since I have it stirring up, you know what I mean, it ya'll, it's on the time, it's cooking it, I think it's on the flavor. But the beauty is, I don't want to overcook it too much, but as I can see, looking lovely and nice. Now what I'm maybe knowing is I'm stirring up this dough. Now I don't want to overcook it, you know what I mean, I want to feel that chow, that chow, that isn't it. So I'm going to turn it up first of all. Let's put it in the oven to something and see if it looks unopened, alright? Nice, I love the guys, I just want to say it came out so beautiful and nice. And I just want to introduce it to my nice lovely, lovely, red stir fry cabbage. The beauty is stir fry cabbage, you can put it with anything you like to oven it with guys, it's just amazing to oven this when it comes from working on the evening. So hopefully you'll enjoy the recipe and subscribe to the channel, please leave your comments below. And thank you so much for watching Chef Ricotta cooking show that a lot more ideas and recipe coming the way. Thank you so much guys, this is just amazing to know what you can do in the kitchen. Look at that, beautiful and really nice. Find me on Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook. This is Chef Ricotta on the team, stay tuned, don't go anywhere, we've got a lot more ideas and recipe coming the way. Thank you so much for watching. My show, see you next time. Bye bye.