 Hey guys, I'm here from your best digs giving you expert reviews on everyday products. After spending hours testing everything from thermal insulation, leaks, stress, condensation and usability, we are quite confident we've found the best water bottles in five different categories. Insulated stainless steel bottles, glass bottles, stainless steel bottles that are uninsulated, plastic bottles, and finally, collapsible bottles. First off, vacuum insulated bottles are definitely the best way to keep your water super cold as well as keep any other types of beverages hot for up to five hours. This is due to two inner chambers, which makes the bottle heavier as well. Despite being one degree behind first place in the cold water test, our favorite is the clean canteen bottle. The wide mouth of the clean canteen made it much easier to fill with ice and to drink out of. And it slim design made it effortless to fit in cup holders. This bottle ferred well with our drop test with minimal damage to both the bottom and the lid. Although it did rank third in the hot water test, overall the clean canteen still had the best score. Glass bottles are great to really avoid those weird plastic or metal tastes. No chemicals, no BPAs. Plus, most glass bottles have a stylish but functional silicone grip, which doesn't insulate or improve condensation. However, it does help protect the bottle if you drop it. Our top pick for glass bottles was the Takeda Classic 22 Outs. We loved the large cap threads around the top of the bottle, which makes it easy to open and close the cap. Great grip and drop protection from the bold and simple silicone design, completely dishwasher safe and an overall good choice if you're using it for sports. Playing in simple, stainless steel bottles are the most effective, low cost option. BPA free and super light weight compared to glass or insulated stainless steel counterparts. You won't want to put hot water in these and beware, some may come with a slight metal taste. The clean canteen provided a mouth that was much bigger and easier to fill with ice and water. It also had a cap with bigger threads for easy opening and closing of the bottle. Now, the lid was a little squeaky, not the smoothest ever, but a big highlight as a wider mouth and overall quality. It is important to consider that all these bottles we tested were easily dented. Luckily, this didn't affect leakage of any kind. Plastic bottles are fairly light weight, have easy to use flip flop lids for quick drinkability and the top models we tested are made of Triton, which is BPA free. We loved the thermos intact bottle, making it another clear winner. The flip top lid and single handed use was a pretty big factor that set the model apart. It's tough to beat that convenience. This bottle is the only one that has a texture design built into the bottle to help improve grip. Great for when you're using this for sports since this bottle does build up condensation. The thermos has shined with its unique ring built into the cap, ranging from 1 to 5. So, you can track how many times you've refilled or used the bottle throughout the day. Finally, collapsible water bottles are great if you are traveling or hiking and space is very limited. They are thin and the lightest weight option. Our top pick was the vapor element bottle. This bottle is a flip top cap for easy access, but it also closes securely with an audible click and will not pop off accidentally in your bag. The vapor was one of the only bottles we tested with mouth so wide enough for ice cubes and easy cleaning. What better way to stay hydrated throughout the day than by bringing along a bottle? There are so many types of water bottles and seemingly endless varieties. So first, think about what you'll be using the bottle for, your top priorities, and choose accordingly. See you guys next time on our next Your Best Diggs Review.