 Guys and welcome back to another episode of Should You Bake It? I am very curious about this one. I saw this one a while ago. It popped up in the Facebook feed and normally when I see things on Facebook, they're also the originate from Pinterest. A place called Back for Seconds and I looked it up and it shocked me because this is a lemon cheesecake with a strawberry crust and I thought, oh okay well what kind of strawberry cookie do they use but no they don't. So I'm extremely curious because we'll get into the ingredients and you'll quickly see why you'll be curious too if you haven't already seen this one. For the crust we're using a strawberry cake for the crust. Yes correct crust cake. Some butter and then obviously normal suspects for the cheesecake. We got cream cheese, sour cream, sugar, vanilla, lemon juice, the zest of two lemons, eggs and then for decorations to go with our cake we have some strawberry frosting. Now for our utensils we have a larger bowl to mix our crust which is our cake get again. I'm gonna see that quite a few times folks because I'm just that shocked. We have our 9 inch springform ham that we're gonna prepare our cheesecake in and what she used is a roasting pan because we're not gonna do a water bath. She put some water in the bottom of the roasting pan, put it on the bottom shelf to create the steam. That's another way to do that. If you don't do a water bath and then we're gonna use a ham mixer as well as a stand mixer. You don't have to use a stand mixer. I'm just doing it since I'm using two different kinds of bowls so I can do both at the same time just to be law effective. Off so we have our oven preheated to 325. Another odd thing that I came across while I was just reading over the instructions. I was reading in here and I'm thinking okay so normally when you do this you pre-bake your crust, pull it out while you make your cheesecake. You don't. You prepare the cake, set it aside, prepare your cheesecake and you pour it directly on top of the cake and then you bake it all together. So another very interesting thing to me. I'm just I'm baffled at this so I'm shocked but I'm very excited to see if this is gonna turn out. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna start with our cake crust and get that in there so we can get it into our springform pan and set that aside then we'll get going on our cheesecake filling. Okay so what I've done is I've emptied the contents of the strawberry cake pack or package and our room temperature softened butter and one tablespoon of our lemon juice and I'm just gonna mix this until this comes together which I'm assuming is gonna be a crumbly dough-like texture. Okay so the mixer was not mixing it just was flying everywhere so best tools in the kitchen are your hands and it's starting to come together like I said I could dough. So that's what I suggest just get in here with your hands and mix the butter in and it will start coming together like this and oh my gosh this smell. I can only describe as like strawberry shortcake and I don't know just really amazing strawberry artificial obviously but really good. So I'm just gonna continue bringing this together and then we'll be back. Okay so it came together like a perfect dough. Never notice that the cake makes that little flux of strawberries in it. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna stick it in and like it suggests press it down and fill the bottom of our nine-inch springform pan and then we've got that in there set it aside and then we'll move on to our cheesecake in since it cleaned the ball. No use dirtying another thing because I'm not about that. I'm just gonna like my daughter suggested use that bowl for the cheesecake. So do you go up on the sides you're sleeping the bottom? It didn't suggest to go up the side so and I think this is so thin I'm just gonna go to the bottom. Okay. Okay so now that we have that set aside for our cake we have our cream cheese and our sugar and our mixing bowl that I've cleaned up and we're just gonna mix this until it is creamy. Okay so it came is beautifully smooth and silky and I just added everything but our eggs so we've got our sour cream. Lemon juice, lemon zest, vanilla and we are gonna give this a good mix and then we will add our eggs one at a time to incorporate those ones we're done. Okay so I've got the batter all made up and it after I finished making it it had a very weird ivory color after putting in the vanilla so what I did is I grabbed my Wilton's color right lemon yellow and I added about two toothpick end folds into here and that's how I achieved this beautiful to me it's a perfect beautiful summary yellow hue so that's what I was achieving what I wanted to achieve with this because to me even though I don't eat when I prep or make something for someone I want them like you always hear you eat with your eyes first and I feel like when I cook or I bake something I want it to be absolutely beautiful stunning and for that ooh or wow factor so that's what I wanted with this summary to me this is a beautiful summary desserts and my family absolute husband in particular loves cheesecake so that's what I was going for this I want you to know that when you eat this it's a lemon and there's strawberry so that's what I was achieving with this so I'm gonna go ahead and pour this on top of this so I'm going to I have to hold the bowl this way so okay okay so you want to get that in there and you also want to tap it and wiggle a few times to get as much of the bubbles as you can out it says 45 to 15 minutes I have my timer set for 47 and I also put my baking pan in the oven filled with half a half way up of for water since we're not doing the water bath to create this theme so we're just gonna set that in there I'm gonna make sure that it's about in the center of that baking pan so the steam does come up and then okay so I checked the timer after the 47 minutes now it suggested 45 to 50 minutes after the 47 minutes it was really wiggly now with any cheesecake you always want that wiggle in the middle but too much wiggle you can tell that it's still raw so I added an additional 10 minutes to it so it still has that wiggle but as you can see on the outside that it's done so this to me and I've made quite a few cheesecake in my time so I know that it's done and I'm extremely extremely in love with this because there's no crack it's beautiful it kept that lemmy yellow hue to it which I'm in love with so now you have to let it cool completely and then you have to refrigerate it and it suggests four to five hours so when you let it cool completely it obviously it depends on how hot or humid it is in here or in your kitchen not in here so for me that's probably going to be around the 30 to 40 minutes it could take anywhere up to an hour so I'm just going to check it about the 30 minutes see if it's completely sticking in the fridge for four to five hours again I'm going to check for it pulling away from the sides that's a good indicator of when it's completely ready to be unmolded from the spring form so I'm going to check those indicators for me and then we'll be back and ready to cut this open and check it out I'm very excited okay so four little over four hours later is now eight o'clock I always have three tools with me when I am releasing my cheesecake I have a little offset spatula which I go around the edge to release it and then I release the spring form and then the dirty business always is removing it so you know I always grab it oh my wow that is beautiful my gosh I absolutely love the pink hue with the yellow it looks like summer that is so cute and now another thing before you saw when I took it out there was no crack on the top now my only explanation for the crack on the top is not doing a water bath could create cracks on the top because it created the crack before I placed it into the oven so and the sinking in there that is also my thought for not having a water bath on it too so that's my thought for why the crack came to be so other than that it looks beautiful the yellow stayed gorgeous so I'm happy with the way it looks obviously besides the crack so how she had prepared it is she took the frosting the strawberry frosting which I don't normally get from the tub I make my own but I'm following the recipe so she goes around the edge and she places these dollops now I have the open star tip and she places these little stars around the edge so that's what I will do go around the edge now place stars okay so we've got the border and I went ahead and put one in the middle and then you want to grab your remaining lemon zest go ahead and sprinkle that around as best as you can because lemon zest is kind of sticky and sticks to itself. Cwumpy? Yes, Cwumpy that's a great word for that. You want it to make it so you know whatever pieces that you cut you'll get some in every slice where you get little cling on to the frosting you just pived however it wants to fall. Little cling on. There we go. Oh that's pretty and what I also found and this is an optional addition. Fun stripes just released a new flavor cookie strawberry shortcake cookies are these really pink hue with white cheesecake flavored icing and this is optional obviously it's not in the recipe but I figured that that would be so cute to add these so what I'm going to do is I'm going to add a slice right in the middle. I was going to do too but that looks pretty so I'm just going to leave that like that and I also went ahead and scraped some of the icing off of the cookie and crushed one up and I thought to just add some pink dust cookie dust from the cookie on top. To keep with the strawberry and the lemon themed together and sprinkle that on top. That was optional obviously because that wasn't included in the recipe. So that's how I'm going to finish that and I'm pretty happy with that. That's so pretty. I like that and I've got our little lemon friend hanging out there. I am very very happy with that. That's very dark and I would turn the line on on the stove but sometimes it's really with the lighting but it's not too bad. So you can see how bright yellow that turned out. So I'm going to go ahead and then you always want a sharp knife when you're cutting in to your cheesecake and then I'll pie a super thin. I'm not really technically mean for that. It's a pie scooper and do the bob and also you want some paper towels because it's always best to give your knife a wipe down after each slice that we doesn't mess up your slices. So I'll go ahead and cut pretty slice. Oh wow that's nice. Now what we're most curious for is this strawberry crust I guess is what they're calling it. Because then you saw it looked like a dough. So that's really curious to see. I'm just wondering if it's going to be like crumbly in texture or like doughy and thick. Right. Because there was no pre baking of that. You didn't stick that in the oven and bake it and then top it with the cheesecake. It was just you know put it all together and see what we get. So that's what I'm just most shocked to see about this. It's really set so it feels like a cookie dough. So we'll see. Oh my gosh. It's like the underbelly of it. That is so precious. That's bright pink. That is. It is very bright pink. In the middle of the cheesecake. Oh my gosh it smells so good. Oh gosh it does. Oh that smells so good. You have the floral notes of the lemon, the sharp the crisp and then you have the sweetness of the strawberry. So yeah have Brittany get set up at the table and she'll give it a taste for you and all like that stuff. Wow. Okay. So I just tasted this and let me just say this is my favorite cheesecake I've ever had. This is so it's so refreshing. It like makes your mouth water as you're putting it in your mouth. It tastes exactly how it smells. It is so and you get like little bits of lemon zest in the cheesecake like as you're chewing it. So this crust is insane. It is so do we it's like an underbaked cookie. It's seriously like cheesecake cookie and they just go so well together and you taste it and I thought the lemon would be overpowering but it's not and they just taste so well together and the strawberry icing is really good with it too. It's so good. It's tart and it's sweet. It's so good. Love it. So I am to say the least shocked that you can just I'm in my mind. I'm thinking of all of the other things that I can make with this. I mean just you I want stick of butter to any cake mix and then the cheesecake options are endless. My mind is just like I'm going a mile minute right now. So I'm trying to find like the words to say I'm just like okay back to the review. So I'm just sorry about that. I'm shocked. I'm super shocked. I think you guys will be shocked. I think you guys should bake this. Fourth of July is coming up so I'm just thinking okay bring this to where we're going. Should I make it rib-wrapped? I don't know. I'm like oh so many things. So I am super excited. I think this was incredible. It shocked the heck out of me. I'm super glad my daughter likes this. I can't wait for my husband to try peace. He is going to freak. I know I'm going to have to make so many other ones but that's okay because this was amazing. So thank you guys again for watching another episode and stay tuned because there are going to be some incredible things to come next. Thank you guys and we'll see you soon.