 Hi guys Kirk and Jason here with Kirk, your Donald Plastering. Today what we're going to show you is a project that two things. If Fellas not going to have his windows for about a month and he's worried about rain tonight. In fact I'm worried about rain tonight. He says Kirk can you, we've been holding off, holding off, holding off and he says man I'm not going to get these windows. Can you at least go over there and water tight it? So, I'm going to show you folks what to do just in case you run across this problem. He also asked me about these corbels. He says man we're going to put these in. Do you have any suggestions? So before we got here, I gave him some roll of two ply paper. You could use 30 pound felt too. I said put it down and then put the corboh on it. And so what we did is we go underneath this paper here, bring it back down and fasten it on top of ours. And when they put these, when they finally get the windows indoors and months from now, whenever they get it, we're leaving all this stuff loose. So our wires loose. The wires just to hold the paper because sometimes you get winded and it'll rip the paper right off. And this fellow will put the windows on the moist stop here. He'll place it on there but if that be to cock and then we'll, this will all be left loose and we'll put another piece of paper on it. I'll show you another example. Of course the same corboh detail here, we went underneath this and we just go right on top of it also. And same applies on this side where we have some corboh details and no door. That door is not going to be here for a long time, possibly a month he says. This is just what we've done. And so he's got his moist stop flashing. We're putting our paper when we do our wire. We're just going to leave the wire loose. Hopefully he'll get these doors soon and he could put all that stuff together. This way if it does rain this evening or tomorrow if it rains for four or five days, the plywood won't swell and that does happen and then the doors and windows don't fit very well. Anyhow, that's the lath I've showed you folks a lot of times but I do have occasion where we'll lath it before one door or windows put it in the house. We don't like to do it but at the same time we always got to try to protect the plywood. Anyhow guys, this is Kirk with Kirk Judd on a plastering. I thank you folks for watching and as usual we'll see you guys on the next one.