 Hi friends, thank you so much for tuning in to Cook With April. Today I'm going to show you how to make hot spinach artichoke dip. This was highly requested and I listened to your request so I'm going to show you how to make this and I hope you stay tuned. In a medium bowl, place in 8-downs package of softened cream cheese and then add a quarter cup of mayonnaise and the cream cheese should be soft enough so that you can cream together the cream cheese as well as the mayonnaise together and if you have difficulties you might want to microwave the cream cheese first in the bowl and so you're going to mix it thoroughly and then you're going to add a whole cup of freshly ground Parmesan cheese and I actually like to add an extra half cup because I love the flavor of Parmesan but typically a cup will work and then you're just going to mix everything completely again. Then you're going to add a half a container of artichokes that has been drained. Then you're going to add in 16 or 10 ounce container of frozen spinach that has been thoroughly thawed and drained and you're just going to mix everything together and then I like to sprinkle a bit of freshly ground pepper and salt. Next I'm adding some hot sauce. This is optional. I really love hot sauce so I just added my favorite 3-ratcha sauce and I'm just mixing that all together and then I'm grabbing a pan that's oven safe and I'm placing everything in the oven safe pan. Lastly I'm going to sprinkle some fresh Parmesan cheese on top before I bake it. Then I'm going to bake it for 30 minutes at 350 degrees and it should look something like this. Now I'm just going to spoon some of that delicious hot artichokes spinach dip onto an individual sized container or a remaken. Then I'm going to place it on a plate and then I'm going to add some of some blue tortilla chips and you are ready to enjoy. Hi everyone I'm back and the spinach dip is ready and my husband's going to try it. Go ahead taste this. It's going real good. I want to try it too. That is so much better than all those chain restaurants artichokes. Oh it is so good and it's a little spicy. Oh it's taste so much better. What did you do? I added my secret ingredient. Secret ingredient. Yeah 3-ratcha. Oh yeah. I knew you would like it with 3-ratcha sauce. I better add this 3-ratcha. Mmm. Mmm hmm. Thank you guys. Thank you. This is great. Thank you friends so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed making spinach dip with me and please stay tuned every Tuesday for another episode of Tasty Tuesday and if you like beauty, fashion, do it yourself. You can head on over to my beauty channel called April, Feeta 7 and I would greatly appreciate it if you subscribe to Cook With Apele. Have a beautiful day. Bye. This is good. Oh thank you. I want to eat with you. Thank you. You