 The customer brought this cushion in to me yesterday with a very common problem. The foam core is compressing and the dacker on shifted on it and kind of bunched up in the front. So started by calling my foam distributor and had them make some custom cuts of foam. Got them in UPS today. We'll start by getting rid of this old, old chunk here. Have to be careful as you're removing these covers because you can snap the heads on the zippers and create a whole new problem. This dacker on is much heavier, great than I've got and re-glowing it, it's salvageable and I can use this over again. I'm going to carefully pick this away from the adhesive. Okay, I'll take our new core, do kind of a dry fit here, pull it back. When I assemble these, I'm going to put the bottom side, these are non-reversible. I'm going to put this bottom side dacker onto the top to make that top a little fresher. Okay, that'll all pull in. This adhesive I'm using is what they call K-grip design for this type of use. For spread adhesive, it's in a can that can be used but they tend to be much more costly. Okay, I'll pull this back and we'll start fitting it to the edges. We'll start it to back and make sure I don't run short. I've got a little bit of bond time that I can work with on this. The stack run on the front edge is a little bit compressed and lumpy but it should work out fine. I'm going to roll out this product called silk film. We're going to use this to compress the foam core with a vacuum cleaner. Separate this out on the table. Okay, we'll get this all evened out and get our foam core in place. We're going to use this as the bottom side of the cushion. Stick this vacuum in right between the daiquron and the foam and that keeps the plastic from sucking up into the vacuum and clogging it. We're going to use this to compress the foam core. All right. We'll let this foam slowly expand a little bit and let the cover get it all in place squared up and then we'll let the air out. Carefully reach in there and not disturb the daiquron. We'll get this plastic film pulled through. I'm cleaning this plastic out and working with the seams. It's nice to keep the fold all going downward or one direction. Work with it and get the plastic out. Looks like we'll be ready to zip this thing out. You have to be careful as you're pulling on the zipper again so these teeth don't pop out. Keep the pressure off the foam. Keep the daiquron out of the teeth. All right. That worked out okay.