 So how do water your plant? It seems pretty simple. Most people think that watering a plant is actually quite easy, but it's truly an art form. There's a way to water a plant that's not difficult to do, but once you know how to do it, it makes a big difference of whether the plant will live or die. This is a technique that applies for all plants, whether they're seedlings or trees or shrubs, regardless of the size. The first thing you should know when you're dealing with watering a plant is that plants drink from the roots and nowhere else. So if you have this plant, for example, who hasn't been watered in quite a while, you can wet the leaves as much as you like, but the plant will not be able to drink until the water gets to the root system. It's kind of like us, if we're thirsty, the only way to drink is by drinking through our mouth and plants are the same way. They only drink through the root system. So I'm going to show you the good way and the bad way to water a plant, and you'll see when I show you the roots why this happens. Most people will water it. And stop. Now what happens is most of the roots inside a plant are located at the bottom of the pot, and this is where most of the drinking actually takes place. So a really good way to know if you've watered your plant enough is by having it drain all the way down the way it's doing it. So once the water stops going through, I'm going to take the plant out of the pot, now you don't have to do this, it's just to show you what happens inside a pot. If you can see the roots here, they're actually pretty dry. Even though it feels like we put a lot of water in there and there's actually water coming from the bottom, there's only water in the first inch or so. So the way that you water a plant is not the frequency as much as the quantity. So usually when you're watering, you want to soak it, completely, completely soak it, and then wait until it dries again before you water it. So I'll show you now, we put it back, if you touch the roots they're dry, and we'll do it again. And as you can see, if you look at the top of the pot, there's a bunch of bubbles coming up. That's a sign that your plant is pretty dry. And so the air bubbles are being replaced by water, which is exactly what you want. You can see the water coming down in a really nice way, the water is draining out. You should always always have drainage in your plant and make sure you always working with really, really good quality soil. That makes the watering a lot easier. So good soil and good drainage. And let's take out this little guy again and see what it looks like. So as you can see, when you touch it now, the roots are nice and wet. That means your plant is now happy, it's been watered properly. And now you can wait. I won't say a time frame because it all depends on the sun conditions or the humidity, but certainly touch the soil. The best tool to know if a plant is dry or wet is your hand. So just touch it. And if it feels dry, not that at the top, but more in the bottom, you water it again, and you water it exactly the way we showed you, a long watering, deep watering. That's the best way to water plants. And that's how to water a plant.