 Everybody for this intro, I'm going to pop this bottle. Everybody exits. Everybody has a smile. Oh yeah. Oh god. Why are you walking away? Are you really that scared? I can't. Oh. No, you popping. We do the popping pop. Okay. I'm scared. It looks some hair. I need a glass of water. Oh. Oh. Oh. Top 10 Starbucks drinks. Made it home. Another homemade. JP, that's the same thing. Hey everybody. Welcome back to another episode of Healthy junk food where today we're making our top 10 favorite Starbucks menu items. And that is going to be in the order of 10 to 1. We have our barista, Kaylee Rhymes, who worked at Starbucks and she knows how much fun they're all the make. Right? All these drinks are so much fun to make. So we're going to start with the easiest to the most annoying. Cheers to making coffee. It's making many different drinks tonight. We're going to be drinking so much fun. Top 10, we're going to be running back and forth to the bathroom for reasons not on the other side but on the front. Number 10. Capuchin. And you've made probably a bunch of capuchinos before. We're going to take some milk. You have to have a gallon of it where it won't work. So what you do with these things which are really great and this is an espresso brand but I'm sure there's other stuff that you can find at the store. All you do is fill milk to the fill line. Put it on to the little steamer thing. Oops. Uh oh. So the top goes on and then there's a button on the front here and now it's going to start whipping on the top. Uh oh, stop it. Okay. That's a no-no but it happens all the time. So once you get to a foamy consistency just pour it into our shot of the espresso and you've got a capuchino. Our barista friend Kaylee describes this as a semi-dry meaning not a hundred percent foam but not completely wet either. All right guys for our first recipe Kaylee and I made ourselves a capuchino and we'll put it in a pint glass. It's not even pint glass. It's a glass though. And you can see. Mmm. Lovely. Ladies and gents this is number nine. Capulate. So to start we're going to brew some coffee. More espresso. Fun fact about capulate. Primer from Cypher loves capulate. And he ended up getting a final lawsuit because he got burnt and he gets free capulate for the rest of his life. I can have as many capulate as I was. That was a settlement. With the capulate we're not going to be the heating thing as long because it makes it too foam. So we're going to pop that off. But we're going to get rid of that foam and just put steamed milk in the coffee espresso. I'll be honest with you I think I like the capuchino a little bit more than this. Okay let's switch. I want to try that one. Okay. It has a different texture. Really nice. There you have it. The capulate today. That's it. Cheers. For our eighth beverage today we are making a vanilla latte. And why? Because we got this whole thing. Who doesn't like vanilla flavor? Not me. I like this. She's in the corner with the bottle of champagne. Yeah she is. We're going to add two pumps of our vanilla syrup. With our espresso that we just spirit we're just going to put it right into our vanilla. Now don't forget we're making a latte here. So that means no foam just steamed milk. And you are the proud. Oh this is the fun part. Oh that's beautiful. Look at that. I like the way you pour. I like the way you pour. I like the way you pour. That's it. Alright let's give this one a try. Let's do it. I didn't work it all. Oh my god that's so good. Karen you let us know what you think. Give it a little taste of it. It's pretty good. Woo! Number seven. A cafe mocha. So the first thing we did was we just drizzled some of that mocha fudge into the glass. And then we added one tablespoon of our vanilla syrup and baroutes some espresso. Added on our steamed milk and then some whipped cream with some mocha sauce right on top. Just a little bit on top. I'm just so excited because I hadn't had dessert yet today and this is going to be my dessert. There's so much whipped cream on this. You wanted to eat it? I just wanted to stop and have. It's getting me a really gassy. I'll tell you what guys. Like oh there it is. God you're technically great. Welcome Tom to the healthy junk food stage. We are in his house so he's got to be in the video. What are you so good? That is powerful. There isn't any alcohol in that though. Just don't like that. What are we doing here? What is it? What is it? Number six. Carmel macchiato. This is our favorite. It's my favorite drink on the whole menu. Luke Zito, roommate in college. He took me to a Starbucks. I said I don't really know what to get man. I don't drink coffee. He goes get a caramel macchiato. We're going to make extra caramelie and I'm going to use caramel espresso. We're going to put that little pot in there. Two tablespoons of vanilla syrup in first. Then the espresso, the steamed milk and then the caramel drizzle on top. Oh yeah. You should go back this way. You should put your initials. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. This is just so soothing. I feel like a newborn that's just getting coddled. Now we got caramel on top, caramel espresso with a little caramel drizzle. Oh, triple caramel. Okay, here before I drink raw sugar. Yeah. Stop up, number five. Who doesn't like pumpkin spice? Who is on the champagne? Number five, pumpkin spice. So what we're going to do is we're going to steam some milk. We're going to make an espresso and then make a little mixture of spices. Okay, I see. But Chad, we're going to make into our little Thanksgiving treat. We added mostly pumpkin pie spice. Pumpkin pie spice. Some cinnamon, dash of cloves and then a dash of ground nutmeg. So we're going to add some vanilla syrup. First add a little bit more and then stir that. We brewed in a espresso shot. We poured over our milk and then we put on some whipped cream with our seasoning mixture and some fresh nutmeg. Just eat the whipped cream and then you'll be like, okay, I'll throw the rest away. I think I'm going to straw to get to the coffee. It's delicious. Actually, it's a full frenzy. I recommend it. I recommend it at home. Now let's go to number four. See you next time with the next. I'm going to drink this now. Number four. Cinnamon Dolce Latte. We ended up using the Cinnamon Dolce Latte syrup and some vanilla syrup. Then we added the espresso in and then our steamed milk and then a big dollop of whipped cream because Julia looks to go crazy with the whipped cream. I just sprayed on there. It's pretty intense. And then we just sprinkled on some cinnamon, some brown sugar and a little duster sea salt. How's that top taste? It's really good. I want to get the lique part. That's what I was going for the side of the glass part. I gave you a new lique part. I got a lique part. Who needs a lique part? Don't hold me up. This caffeine is getting to all of us. I think we're all going overdrive. This is ranking pretty high right now guys. I've had a lot of coffee tonight. Don't judge. But this is fantastic. Number three. The caramel brulee latte. We started with a tablespoon of caramel syrup. Then we drizzled the caramel around the glass. Added our espresso, little caramel drizzle, some milk. I chopped up some caramel bits just to be the top. But if I had a food processor available, I would have just blitzed it in there. Then of course the whipped cream and our extra special caramel toppings. Let's get in with this. One sip for the health of it. Oh my god, caramel bits with the delicious. It's fun sharing your drink. It's like lady in the trend. She's a lady on the trend. Oh no. That means I'm a dog. This is just delicious. I think I'm sugar high. All right guys, number two. Dark chocolate peppermint mocha. What we did was we drizzled a little bit of chocolate around the edge of the glass. We added that peppermint syrup in there. And then we made our espresso poured in our steamed milk. Added our whipped cream and then our chocolate. The Julia dangerously created. It's so hard. That was a mess. We're just sticking big chunks of chocolate in it because why not? I'm burping. It's delicious. I feel like I might have brushed my teeth while I'm drinking this. It's like an after dinner, man. It reminds me of mint chocolate chip ice cream. I guess they also have a white chocolate peppermint mocha. It's a white chocolate, only different guys. You put white chocolate syrup and white chocolate on top. And the final one, Julia's favorite. The Java chip. The Java chip. Sorry, you guys are going to have to brew some coffee and make sure it's chilled. Julia uses a carrot because that's what we got. A pint glass of ice and through the end of the blender. Then we threw in the cold, brewed coffee. After the coffee, we threw in a quarter cup of milk, a quarter cup heavy cream, and then three tablespoons of sweetened condensed milk. And then the finished it off, we threw in three of those jure deli dark chocolate squares. Blend it all up. We need a straw. Chop it off with some whipped cream and a little bit of mocha sauce on top. And you got yourself one of Julia's favorite drinks. Let's give it a taste. This really is it. This is my favorite. Remember that time you went to McDonald's and tried there and you threw up in Macy's? That was a good day. It tastes just like it. They need a little bit. The daily rams still suffering from a little bit of that. Starbucks PTSD. You can see a little B roll of her in the corner just freaking out. Alright guys, that is our top 10 favorite Starbucks drinks made at home right here at Canisome. It was so easy too. Thanks for bringing out with me tonight guys. I can't stop moving my legs. Canisome, go light. The dance party and there's no music right now. One last sip of the health food. No. I want a little bit of all the secreties. Like Starbucks has like a secret menu. I guess so. I heard so. Just like that in and out video. See here. That related video. It seems like we might be planning another Starbucks segment except we're branching into the secret zone. Let's do it again tomorrow. Yes. Yes. Same place. Oh my god. So we didn't have enough caffeine from the night before so we woke up and went at it again. Make sure to give this video a thumbs up and stay tuned for our Starbucks secret menu. Coming soon.