 So this is a very easy recipe to make, very simple ingredients, and that's really how I like to cook. So this is a combination of olive oil, fresh squeezed lemon juice, and a little bit of salt and pepper. And then I'm going to chop up some garlic. I'm going to use four cloves. I'm actually doubling this recipe because we're going to turn this into part of addressing for a little bit later. The one thing that we're missing is our oregano. This also is delicious over fish. So don't feel like you just have to use it over your chicken. So I'm going to mix this all up, and we're going to pour this over our chicken breasts. Now remember, I've kind of doubled this recipe, so I'm going to save half of this, and ideally you want to put it in the refrigerator for about an hour, so that those combinations of flavor, the garlic and the lemon, that oregano, can really get in there and penetrate your chicken. I've already done that with two chicken breasts here, so we'll go take these and throw them on the grill. And here that sizzle. Love that. It looks great. So our chicken should be cool by now, so we're going to finish off our chicken orzo pasta recipe. If you've never cooked with orezo, it actually looks like rice, but it is an actual pasta. Add about one and a half cups to our salted, boiling water. I love this recipe because the orezo cooks in about five or six minutes, so it doesn't take a lot of time to get it all onto the table. The next step we're going to do is chop all of our vegetables. Now you can take the time to chop them individually if you'd like to, but I like everything to be uniform, so I love this contraption, which will very quickly cut everything to just the right side. So I'm going to start out with my cucumber. The next ingredient after the cucumber is your red pepper, and then this has a reversible blade to a little bit larger cuts. I'm going to use that for my red onions. And then finally, nice big blocks of feta cheese. We're going to mix this into our orezo pasta, which should be just about done. This is orezo that's already been cooled, and so to that, we're going to add all of those chopped veggies. We'll toss that together. I love the salad too because I think it's really colorful, so it looks really pretty on a plate. Then we're going to take the rest of that marinade, which is now going to be like you're dressing. So the lemon juice, the olive oil, the fresh oregano. Alright, so now that I have all these ingredients stirred together, start with some nice big scoops of our orezo, with the cucumber, the red pepper, those big chunks of feta and the onion, plus that lemon marinade. Then from there, we'll take our slices of chicken. I usually do about one chicken breast per person. Put it on top of the plate there. Take a little sprig of our fresh oregano, because I'm a little obsessed with the feta cheese. I don't know, I just like putting a little chunk on there so people can have a little extra of that taste. So there is a quick and easy way for you to use fresh herbs from your garden and create a delicious outdoor meal for your family. For this recipe, go to qvc.com and search YHJ.