 Ah, mmm, I get this. So I have some things to tell you guys. Mmm. Hello, all of you beautiful people out there. It is me, Madison. And I hope you do as Sussan Le Tzaday. Today you guys, we are going to making Disneyland Corn Dogs. Yes, ma'am. Yeah. Do you guys love corn dogs? Because I forget love corn dogs. Oh my goodness. So I have been wanting to make corn dogs for the longest time. I made them in my Sonic video. Long time ago, if you haven't seen my Sonic move on, I will link it here. I always forget which way my thing is. Over my left shoulder, Madison, right here. Okay, so you can go watch that. But today we are going to be making Disneyland style corn dogs. Okay, apparently these corn dogs are like the kind that they serve on Main Street in Disneyland. I was looking up a recipe for corn dogs. And I came across this one from stayathomechef.com. And they are called Disneyland Handiped Corn Dogs. So we're going to make them today. This recipe that I have is a non vegan recipe, but we are going to modify the ingredients. Because you know how we vegan stew. We got to modify shit all the time. So that's what we're going to do. Okay, so let's get started. So the one thing that we do have to start off with first is the recipe calls for one to one fourth cup buttermilk. So in order to make vegan buttermilk, what you'll need and it says one to one fourth cup. Okay, so we're going to make it in here. We are going to, this is almond milk. This is unsweetened almond milk. I buy this in bulk, you guys. It's great for cooking. It's the best so far. Also, you guys, I got a new camera. So I don't know how the lighting is doing. I don't know how the focus is doing. If I'm out of focus, dude, I'm so sorry. Okay, so let's see, one in one fourth cups. So, what would you do? Is this still good? Yeah. Okay. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Okay, so I'm going to put just under one in one fourth cup because here I have some white vinegar. So in order to create buttermilk, you're going to need some kind of nut milk or whatever plant-based milk. And you want to add vinegar to it because vinegar, this is just white, this still vinegar, there's still a little bit. Vinegar creates a sciencey thing that I don't understand. But basically, it curdles the almond milk in here and creates a buttermilk situation. So I just want to put that in there first. I don't really know. Let's just put about that much. Maybe a little bit more and stir it up. Let's see if I can just stir it. I don't think I need my teaspoon, pretty big. And then you just let it sit. Yeah, let's let that sit for a minute. Okay, so we'll put that up to the side. Okay, what next? Okay, I have my little bowl right here and we're going to start assembling our dry ingredients. So, let's see what we got. One cup cornmeal and one cup all-purpose flour. Okay, we got our dear. Okay, we're going to make up, we're going to make up, we're going to make up, one cup cornmeal. You'll see, you'll see. We'll put that in there. Okay, and then this is just Quaker Yellow Cornmeal for baking and breading. Yes. Okay, and then one cup all-purpose flour. So, get this out of here. You guys, I made zucchini bread the other day. It was really good. Have you guys ever heard of zucchini bread? Leave in the comments if you've ever heard of zucchini bread. This is not how you're supposed to scoop out flour by the way. You're supposed to like scoop it into the cup and then level off the cup. I ain't nobody got time for that. What that didn't do, okay? Okay. Okay, put that right there. Oh, by the way, you guys, this is not so weird birthmark. I leaned up against the tanning booth and when I was getting a spray tan, and I went like this and all the saturated like tanning solution got in my arm and I can't get it off. So, I'm not dying. I'm just kind of silly and dumb. For the rest of the dry ingredients, we have two tablespoons of sugar, two teaspoons of baking powder. I'll link this recipe down below. And then a half teaspoon of salt, which I have right here in this little bowl, already pre-measured. So, we're gonna put that in there. Okay, and then we have, okay, it calls for one egg. So, what we're gonna use for the eggs, you guys. This is vegan egg by follow your heart. Can you see? Can you see? This stuff is actually pretty bomb for baking and frying and shit. It is not great for eating on its own. Some people really like it. Maybe I need to give it another chance. Maybe I'll try it sometime in like a mukbang and give it another chance. But I tried it in my McDonald's mukbang where I recreated the egg mukbang. And if you haven't seen it, I'm gonna link it right here. Always try to get you guys to go watch my other videos. I know, but hey, hey. Okay, so yes, it comes in this like little egg carton. I'm like, how cute is that? Okay. So, what you'll need is two level tablespoons of vegan egg, a half cup of cold water, which I have right here. It says ice cold water. So I put ice in there and just let it melt. And then whisk vigorously, equals one egg. So let's do that. Okay. So, what is it again? I just read it, I don't even remember. Two level tablespoons, okay. All right, so put that up there. One. Two. One thing I do know about all this vegan egg stuff is you gotta mix it really, really well because it gets really comfy. And it says to whisk, it would smell like, hey, it's so weird. I think there's black salt in here. Let's see what's in here while I'm mixing it. Vegan gluten-free dairy-free, non-GMO soy-free. Whoa, what is all this stuff? Algaf protein, modified cellulose, gel-in-dum, calcium. Okay, there's black salt in here, nutritional yeast. Yes, got a lot of some nutritional yeast. Yum. Yeah. I don't know any of this stuff is, but like I always say, as long as the vegan, I'll go fuck. Okay, so I'm gonna just put this. So now, okay, you guys, I'm gonna look over here and read it. Okay, so then it says to add two tablespoons of vegetable oil. Let's put that in there. And then the egg altogether and the wet ingredients. Mix this all together. Okay. Oh, I wanted to tell you guys that if you can't find that vegan egg stuff, egg replacers, you could use, you could look up online, but you could use like, flax meal. I use that all the time to replace eggs. You could use bananas, which you wouldn't want to use in this, but you could use it in baking. There's also this stuff called energy. It's egg replacers. That's pretty common that you can find. But yes, you can definitely find alternatives if you can't find the vegan egg stuff. So, fret not. Okay. What's next? Now we're just gonna mix these all together because that's about it. So, let me just out. I'm just gonna mix it with my fork. So this is what the consistency looks like. It just kind of like plops off. It's not like super runny or anything, but it's not like sticking to the fork. So, okay, works for me. So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna just set this off to the side. I'm gonna let this batter sit for a little bit while I heat up the oil and make some sauces because I want to get the batter down to room temperature and let the gluten settle and chill for a second. From the flour, because we got it all excited by stirring it upright. So we're just gonna let it chill for just a minute. I'm gonna start heating up the oil and I'm gonna go make some sauces. I'm gonna make my vegan ranch. If you don't know how to make vegan ranch, you just need to. You just trust me. You just need to know how to make vegan ranch. It's so super simple and delicious. So I'm gonna leave a link right up here to a video on how to make vegan ranch. I'm also, I think I might make some barbecue sauce real quick if it's not too much of a pain. And then what else? I don't know. You'll have to see. Okay, I'll be right back, you guys. All right, you guys, we are back. So I've got my oil heating up right here and it's really, really hot. So I had to turn on my AC for this part of the video. So there is gonna be some background noise. So sorry about that, but it's just like too hot to deep fry something this close about the AC on, especially in the summer in Texas. Also, I wouldn't recommend you deep frying stuff so close to your face. So kids, don't do this, stay in school, don't do drugs. For the hot dogs, we are going to be using the light life smart dogs. They have the jumbo and then they have the regular, this is an eight pack of the regular size. I love these. They're the best vegan dogs that I've found so far and I really like them. I have some sauces right here in front of me, which I'll get into later. And then I'm also right now reducing or simmering some barbecue sauce that I made from scratch. I don't know how it's gonna turn out. I don't really follow a recipe. I just kind of threw some shit into a pan. So we'll see. So this is what they look like. Oh, okay. And then I have my sticks right here. These are kabob sticks. I don't have like sticks for corn dog sticks. I don't know what they're called. So we're just gonna use these. Okay, so I'm gonna stick them on there. And then, okay, so right here, my little pointer. Right here, I have a plate with some flour on it and we're gonna use that for the corn dogs here in a minute. But I'm just gonna make my sticks right now and then we'll get the batter ready. And then we'll see if the oil is ready. And then we'll get this corn dog party started. Yeah. Okay, so for corn dogs, you'll need like a togglass or you can use like a jar. Like I was thinking about using like an old tomato, a tomato sauce jar, but this will work just fine. And then we're gonna put the sauce in there. Uh-oh, my barbecue sauce is ready. Oh, don't spill over the sides, please. Okay. There we go. All right, let me go check on the barbecue sauce. I'll be right back. Okay, so the barbecue sauce needed a little bit more time. I'm gonna test the batter to see if it's ready. Yeah. It's ready. It's ready. Okay, yum. Okay, so we're gonna take our corn dogs dick and just roll it lightly in the flour. So we're gonna make our corn dogs and just roll it lightly in the flour to dredge it. So the batter will really, really stick to it. Get on that little part. Okay. Then just dip it in here. And give it a little twisty. And out we go. Okay. Yeah, okay, here we go. Okay. I'm sick. I'm sick. I'm sick. I'm sick. I'm sick. I'm sick. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So number two. Don't cook. You know, I probably should have used the jumbo ones to make really big corn dogs. Get on there. But these will be good. Okay. Should we do like two? Let's do two at a time. Okay. So let's let these fry up for just a little bit. All right, you guys. Let's take these bad boys. Oh my goodness. Look at this. You beautiful. I'll go eat you. Oh my gosh, you guys. Look how perfect these things look. Oh my god. Okay. We gotta make some more. We gotta make some more. Okay. Yeah. Okay. All right, you guys. So I am going to continue making these corn dogs. And then I'll be right back when we're ready to eat. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. You guys look how amazing they turned out. Oh yeah. Okay. So for the sauces, I have ranch. Here I made the Barbie sauce. And here is honey mustard, which is just yellow mustard. Some vegan honey and some vegan mayo. Mm. And I am thirsty for more bubbly water. Okay. And then let's take it first bite. Ooh. Oh my gosh, you guys. Okay. How about this one? This one looks good. Now I know people, oh, I have ketchup right here, with some fresh cracked pepper. Now I know people are like, ketchup is mustard only on your corn dogs, but I don't play like that. I need some sauce, because I am a sauce queen. Mm, look at this. They're really good, you guys. Oh, yum. Mm. Holy shit. Dude, these are so fucking good, wow. This, the end of the stick is really pointy right here, because these are kabob sticks, so be careful, don't stab the roof of my mouth. Mm. Holy shit. These are so good. This little crispy bit right here on the end. It's my favorite part of corn dogs. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Wow. So yummy. Okay. So, there's a more wedge. So I have some things to tell you guys. Mm. So it's good from rough. Mm. Also, if I'm not in focus, I'm so sorry. I don't know how to do this camera. It's one of those ones we have to put it on manual focus, and if you like move out of the frame, or where you set the manual focus to, it's not good. And corn. So. I have some things to tell you guys. It's not going to get some good crunchy bits on it. But before I tell you this, I want to preface it by telling you guys. Mm. That I'm okay. Everything's all good, you know what I'm saying? Okay. Everything's all good in the hood. So. You don't need to worry at all. At all, at all, at all. And I'm going to be pretty vague about it. But you guys need to know. So. First one's always airy. Look at this stain on my arm. I look like I'm dying. Okay. So. I'm like avoiding the topic. I'm like, maybe if I just ramble on about other shit, I want to talk about it. That's not the big deal. Well, I mean, kind of. Okay. A lot of you who have watched me for, I guess, a long time, know that I have a husband. And so you all ask me about him. And I've always kept my marriage kind of private from YouTube. For a number of reasons that I'm not going to get into, but. So it's not like. You guys know him. But. Mm hmm. Okay. I am no longer with my husband. We are divorced. I'm not trying to play this off or pass this off and be nonchalant about it. My gets no big deal. But I mean, it's not something that's like brand new. You know, so I'm not sitting here, you know, absolutely devastated because this all just happened in blah blah blah. I'm going to start and lose. Not my favorite thing in the world. But. That's that. So I just wanted to tell you guys. I've been wanting to tell you guys for a long time because I've been wanting to talk about. Other things going on in my life. And I feel I feel like I couldn't tell you guys the things that I'm doing. Because you guys would be like, where the fuck is your husband? But hey, don't. And I wish him nothing but the very best. I really honestly truly do. I hope he's doing well. And I hope that someday we can be friends. And I'm not going to sit here and air out our dirty laundry because that's not cool. But I just want you guys to know that he's cool. He's a good dude. And we are not married. That was a good one. So. I don't want any pity. I don't want you guys to speculate. And that. But I do want you to know. It's not I have a lot of cool things moving forward in my life. So. I'm going to share them with you. And things are good. I'm happy. I do have my bad days. Some days are a shit. You know what I'm saying? Like it's hard. It's like grieving, you know. But. Yeah. So now. What else has been going on in my life? We're just going to leave it at that and move on. So now. That that's that. I live in my home alone. I think barbecue sauce is kind of good. Kind of not. I made better. So. I live in my home alone. And. And what he did was he always like took out the trash and took care of the yard and did all that kind of stuff. And so. I've been having to do that. For the past however long. And it's been very. Interesting. Like I've been having to do yard work and I've never mowed a lawn before in my life you guys. So the other day. I mowed my lawn for the very first time. I was so proud of that. My friend came over. Because I didn't know how to turn on a lawnmorm. So I asked my friend to show me how to turn on everyone's like I'll mow your lawn for you. It's not a big deal. I was like okay cool things like all if you're offering I'll take it. But I just want to know how to turn it on. So Tommy had to turn it on. And I was just like I just want to try a little bit. I just want to try mowing the lawn. And I just rolled with it. I just ended up mowing my whole front and back lawn. And I was trying to like make all the lines straight you know from like my property to the other. I don't know why I avoided. I avoided mowing my lawn because I thought I thought like I avoided it like the plague. Like I thought it was going to just absolutely kill me. It just looks horrendous. But it's actually not that bad. So next. I learned how to weed whack. All things are scary. I'm only afraid someone's going to fly up and hit me right in the eye. But I'm going to learn how to do that next. And then I was trimming my I have like bushes out in the front which I have to lay mulch down. Oh my god. So I was. I need big pliers. Pires big scissors. And I was cutting like this. And then bushes out front. And a wasp stoned me on my hand you guys. I showed this in my life cast. Look at this. And it hurt really bad and it's still really poofy. But what's so weird is it didn't get poofy until two days later. Isn't that weird? Oh. And then I take my own trash and I keep forgetting to do it. Being a donut so hard. It's just so funny like how like you go for you know like you kind of take advantage of the things that like other people do for you. You know what I mean? I mean obviously I did things around the house. I do things around the house and I have my responsibilities and stuff. But it's just so funny you just don't realize what the other person does until you have to do it yourself. Now I can mow along. I'm just out of side business. Madison's. Madison the mower. How about that? Madison Mukbang mows your lawn. Mmm. It's like a synabi eating all these corn dogs. But it's just so good. Mmm. Okay. So. Mmm. You know what I hear something cool? It was bartending the other day. And one of the regulars came in and he was telling me about this cool thing. If you live in Austin or have been to Austin you probably heard of Alamo drop house. I feel like it's really dark. I see. Um. But this place called Alamo Drafthouse is doing this special at this country club here in Austin. And this country club club has like a lake. I don't know if it's a Mammie lake or whatever. I guess it doesn't really matter. But what they're doing is they have this big screen over the lake that they're showing the movie Jaws. And what you do is you pay like 50 bucks. And they give you an inner tube and it has like a little drink holder in it. And you go out on the lake and you watch the movie Jaws. And it's so freaking cool. Okay. So get this. So what they did is they hired like two or three scuba divers to go under the water during the movie. And what the scuba divers do is they like scare you and they'll like jump up or jump. They're not gonna jump. They're swimming. They'll like swim up and like grab you or like touch you and scare you during the movie. Isn't that so funny? I was like, that sounds so fun. I would totally do that. I'm not a cool idea. You guys, my favorite is just honey mustard sauce. Okay. Any more. I'm full. Oh. So that's that. I hope you enjoyed this video. And I'll see you in my next one. Bye.