 Okay, first step is put a seasoning of your choice on the layer. And you're using this, Mrs. Dash is solve free. Okay, but you could use anything you said. Yeah, I prefer this one, my preference is. You take the stuffing, you fill it into the voids where the thigh bone was taken out, bring it up and you can't go, you don't, you want to make sure you leave enough border around there so when you bring it together the stuffing is not going to, you got to sew when you sew it together the stuffing doesn't get in the way. So we're going to put, so we're going to put all that stuffing, not all of it, most of that stuff. And then she'll layer about on here then we'll put our duck on here. Now this year is supposed to bony a chicken and a duck. I bought chicken breast and I bought a big chicken breast and I bony some thighs. I'm a little bit bigger in that I can get, sometimes with the chicken and the duck you don't get as much meat as you want and there's a lot of skin and the skin doesn't dissolve. So somewhat cheating, but I think I'm improving. But improving on flavor. Yes, that's what I'm hoping for. I can do it to cheat because the bony and the duck and the chicken and the chicken. But you know what Jim Roam says about cheating. If you're not, you're not trying. Right, yeah. Okay, let's get rolling. Okay. This year is supposed to bony the whole duck. I got chicken, duck breast, they were way more expensive. And I'm hoping that it's a better product. This again, when sometimes when you get a small duck, when you bony it, there's not a lot of, except for baby where the breast is, there's not a lot of meat left. So, and so four breasts? Yeah, I know there were four in a pack. Team, and a layer of stuff in there. This would really make it unique, is that. So covering up those turkey breasts with more stuffing? Well, actually the duck breast. Oh, sorry, duck breasts, right? The turkey is that. I didn't get them all nice and true because you want some of the, the fiat. And then I'm going to put some thigh in there too. So those are chicken breasts and then there's the bag of thighs? Yeah, I'm not going to use all them, honestly. But I've boned them myself just so I can hit the bones and stuff. Oh, you've got thighs, just thighs? No. I got breasts in there too. I don't like it would be looking real chicken. And then the same thing happens where you're going to put, do that and then put another layer of the stuffing. And then we put it together deep. And then eventually, right after that, we're going to be doing this. Sewing it together. Okay, so that's the next stage. Now, we've got the final layer with the chicken and the stuffing on top. You always finish with a layer of stuffing. We've got our borders. And the key is with the border so you want to leave it. You don't want to put stuffing there. So we're going to put stuffing there. Yep. And the key with this is this is always a two person job. If you can do this as a one person job, you're talented human being. So you're going to need somebody who's patient. And say at times what we've done is we've started sometimes we've done it a number of ways. We started from one end and go last year, I believe we went and we did a couple stitches on the end, couple stitches in the middle and then a couple stitches on this end and then we completed it in between. And that's it. Okay, so we ready to roll? We're ready to roll. The technique they're using is the few stitches on one end, few stitches on the other end, and then the middle. Because the key is to get it to look as much like a turkey that is not then deboned and and stuff this possible. Okay. Okay, now this side of the turkey will go down. Now in order for it to keep some of the shape and not let the wings in the drumsticks flap around, we'll trust this up to try to give it a little bit more of a football shape as opposed to the flat shape. Okay. That's nice. And there we have it, the turduckin. I put that in the oven at two of 25. I put a couple of meat tobogters in there to make sure that she cooks the 165. It takes anywhere between 8 and 10 hours. It depends on the density, how cold it is, your oven. Every year it's been a little different for us. And you've got to let it, before you carve it, you've got to let it rest for about an hour. Let everything... Well, all the work, I mean all the work that just went through, you've got to let it rest. We've got to let it rest after it bakes. Yeah. It's not... It's a lot of work. There you have it, turduckin 2010.