 Well hey YouTube fam it's the Southern Girl Shantay Levent and today is our final day DIY number 5 in my final perfect home decor series. I hope that you all have had a chance to check out some of the videos and I'll make sure to put all of the videos in a playlist in case you missed any of them. So my inspiration for today's video is I've always wanted some mercury glass and I figured hey I saw glass pumpkin I want to do some mercury glass why not combine them together and create the final video. So let's get started. So for our final fall perfect home decor DIY you're going to need the Cryline Looking Glass or the Mirror Effects spray paint. A painter stick, some painter's tape, your choice of glass object I found this glass pumpkin at Walmart and a couple of paper towels. In addition you'll need a spray bottle, water and vinegar. You're going to mix equal parts of water and vinegar in your spray bottle. I did about 100cc each. You also want to check and make sure that your bottle is on mist and not stream. So now you just need to take your paper towel and wrap around your paint stick and secure with your painter's tape. You want to fray the ends just a little bit. If you have a duster you could use your duster as well. You can do this with any type of glass. I found this glass pumpkin at Walmart for $6. You want to make sure that you clean the surface that you're going to be spray painting. Make sure you shake your can well and spray with light even burst. And if you get a little too much and it runs just make sure that you work the paint all around the glass object. Once you've got the area covered with the spray paint you want to just lightly miss the sprayed area with your water and vinegar solution. After that simply dab off a little excess and this is what helps to create the mercury glass effect. But you want to do it with a light hand because you don't want to take too much of the paint off. If you find areas that are still too light just go back in with just a little bit of paint to fill the end of the space. Notice I didn't go back in with any more vinegar and water. Come to the top and I'm just repeating the same steps. If you need to re-such in the areas go ahead and do that and allow it to dry. This is my casual dining in my breakfast-knock area. So I decided to use my new mercury glass pumpkin and re-styled the space. So I'm going to make my new mercury glass pumpkin the center of attention. Y'all like these placements from the Dollar Tree this past summer but I never used them. The color wasn't quite right so of course you can change anything with the good old can of spray paint. My choice happens to be gold. My favorite. And since these placements are kind of open it helps to go ahead and stack them together. So none of my precious gold spray paint is wasted. Now it's time to set the table. I'm using some white plates that I got from the Dollar Tree. My napkins came from Home Goods and my wooden napkin rings. I actually got those from the Goodwill for $4. Now since this is my casual dining you know I just have fun with it. It doesn't have to be anything super formal. I'm using silver and gold, linen, wood and of course mercury glass. I also got those glasses from the Dollar Tree and it's just about playing around and making your space look the way you want your space designed. Thank you all so much for watching my Fall Perfect Comedicals series. I hope that you found lots of helpful tips and inspiration. Of course leave your questions or comments. And until the next video!