 Well hey we're done at Timeless Arc 3 finishing Grand Rapids Michigan. 616-453-8309. Check out our beautiful website at www.TimelessArtGR.com. The other half is a shop that you don't see too often. You can see some chairs up in the lot. And our machine room is over here and inside of that keyboard floor wall. And behind the corridor where the garage door will be bring stuff there and you can see all these chairs and around here and there's stuff here that's stripped and stuff behind it's over here. It's completed and went and go off the door. But anyhow we're going to show you how we stripped a maple chair right here. I'm going to be using a liquid stripper versus the paste because I've got this tank here. It's quite simple only because of the fact that I can get real messy over here and not make a mess because it's all in the tank. If I was stripping this with paste, I'd probably take me an hour to strip on these chairs. But I can actually strip this chair in 10 minutes without the liquid. So here we go. I'm just going to be, I got a little pale liquid stripper here, a little brush and it's a white owl. And then we're going to be using a little brush. And then we're going to be using a little brush. And then we're going to be using a little brush. And then we're going to be using a little brush. I love the kick in this one, Helen. Keeping it wet. You're a dry spot on the side. Yeah, I did that. I can tell you about the stripper. That is the best? Well, you don't have to. I taught you about a kid. You want to tell him what I'm doing here? You can actually see that stripper disc. I'll take it off. That's how good it is. You keep the camera on. It's a very corrosive stripper. So you really should have, you better have on at least some kind of glass that should have goggles on. Got to go now. We need to start to see the finish. Come on, right? Wrong, yeah. Yeah. Can I set off? OK. The noodles are pretty spicy, let me show you the battle. hatten I'm going to tell him what kind of gun I'm doing for you. This is what a chair looks like after it's all stripped and what are you doing, Jenna? Water wash, here. Because it neutralizes the stripper. I'm going to cut it off again. I get now about ready to clean it up. I'm going to cut it right into it. Okay, so that's like 30 times the amount I do for it. Now I'm going to wipe all those finish off it and strip it off it. I'm going to cut it off. I'm going to cut it off. I'm going to cut it off. Okay, well, that's how we do it now here. This is basically a flow tank. It's meant to run with a machine that pumps out the stripper. I found that it used a whole lot more stripper using it and it really sticks up the entire shot because it flows down and recycles back through the little pump. I've stripped six of these chairs with one gallon of the liquid stripper. I probably would want to maybe two and a half gallons using the flow pump that goes with this machine or with this tank. All the vapors would be all over in here. It's really strong, spowing. You can hardly smell this when you do it with a brush. Basically just go over it a couple of times. You'll watch it drip right off but you have to keep it consistent because the stripper, this type of stripper, actually pulls the color out of the wood and we don't like to pull the color out of the wood down here unless we want it out of the wood. You can see it wiping up like this but it's a corrosive stripper. That means it has to be neutralized with water, water wash, base, and then Jenna's doing it over here. Like I said, it takes me 10 minutes and it's fit for them in chair. 11 minutes, 50 seconds. Yeah, that's what I'm doing in the video. Yeah. That's not bad. Yeah, that's basically it. Next step will be after Jenna. Water rinses on them and they, that's what they look like. Now, the three have already been water washed and the grain is not raised on that all. It's a nice color on the chairs didn't look this nice before we stripped them to the wrong order through. Here's one that's waning on Jenna to water wash it and the one I just did in the day is ready for Jenna. So, yeah, that's pretty much it. If I were to strip this with a paste stripper, I would have had to put it out with a brush, wipe it off with a rag, do that two or three times. You can take it and put it in a tank like this. With any liquid stripper, you can buy liquid stripper at home deep all also. And just keep going over it with that brush, keep it wet over two or three times with a brush. The whole surface, two or three times complete, uniformed and then just wipe it dry with a rag. It looks like this, but don't forget to water wash it because it's corrosive and we'll get down in a wood and we'll come back to bite in the ass as you're finishing it. And we'll start to do all kinds of problems with your finish. So, it's going to be water wash good. So, well thank you and have a nice day.