 Oh Hi everyone, I'm Shaflin from Malaysia. Here we are again at World Food Studio. And I'm so delighted to share with you another recipe which is so famous in my country. It's called curry puff. But this curry puff is different because it's spiral curry puff. Curry puff, let's see the ingredients now. Okay, we need plain flour. We need vegetable shortening, salt and sugar for seasoning. Here we have curry powder, flour, curry leaves and two shallots, minced chicken, margarine and also margarine because there are two batches for the past pastry, two types of pastry. And don't forget we also need oil for deep frying and water to make the dough for the pastry. Okay, first I will peel the potato. You can stop now. You can stop peeling. I'll take the... Now I will show you how to dice the potato. Now I'm going to show you how to mince the shallots. How to cut the shallots. Now we're going to add some water to our curry powder. Every time you cook, if there's a powder form of spices, you need to do it a paste, a paste out of it. Then you add some water and stir this way to make a paste because if you put the dry spices inside, it will get burnt easily. Now we'll heat some oil in our pan to prepare the filling for this curry puff. You have to prepare very early because you have to let the filling cool first before you put into the pastry. So make sure your curry leaves have been washed, okay, and dried and we shall add it together with the shallots. Once the onion has softened, we add our curry powder paste and stir well. Then we add our minced chicken. And of course our diced potatoes. Add some water so the potatoes can cook until tender. So while the filling is cooking, we can prepare the pastry. There are two parts of dough for this pastry. The first one I'm going to show you, we have here a plain flour. We need some salt, okay, just maybe half the teaspoon. And then to this flour, we will add our margarine, okay, to not use butter because this dough is for frying so butter is too rich. Then we will use our hands to blend in the margarine with the flour. Then we add in some water. Just enough water to make a dough. So this is our finished dough. So you can let it rest for a while. Now we are doing the second part of the pastry actually. But before that let's give our filling a stir. Okay, for this second part we have plain flour here. And to this plain flour we add some vegetable shortening. And also margarine. And we will mix this up. So this is the dough for the next batch. We have to divide this dough into 10 pieces, 10 balls. And the first dough just now that we did, we have to do also 10 balls. So the best way to cut it is by using your knife. Take one portion of dough, flatten it out, and then put the pastry ball inside the first pastry and cover it up. Then you get another ball with the other pastry inside. The one that you did with margarine and shortening. So I will show you another one. Flatten one pastry, the first pastry that you did with water. Add the ball inside and cover up. So viewers, this is the spiral carpark dough which we have let it rest for a while. Now I am going to show you how to fold it. Sprinkle some flour on the oil chopping board and flatten the dough. Then slowly roll it out. It can ensure that it doesn't stick to your board. Then you roll it from the bottom part. Okay, so once it's rolled, you press it nicely and perhaps you need to sprinkle just a bit more flour. Then slowly do it just like this now, roll it out this way. Well, if your chopping board is not long enough, maybe you like to roll it out here. And then as you move up, you start rolling again. So you get this roll and let it rest for a while. I will show you another one. Okay, so now this roll, you cut it. Okay, because you can see the spiral. So since it's quite big, I will cut it into three pieces. About one centimeter. And then once you get this, you will flatten it out. Do for all three. So if you want to save time, you can make it big so you can get more pieces. Then you will flatten it out again, roll it out. So you can see the spirals. Roll it to about 3 millimeters thick. So this is how big your dough should be like. And turn it over because you want the spirals there. Turn it over and put the filling. Make sure it's really cold, the filling. And to this filling, I have added some sliced spring onions and parsley. Just to give it a bit of color. Okay, pinch the edges. Don't put too much filling. Or you might, you know, come out or your curry puff doesn't look nice. Pinch it nicely. All around this way. Making sure that the edges are really, really, really stick to each other. And then you can start decorating the sides. It's this way. You just make a pinch it and fold it and pinch it and fold it. Until the end. So this is your spiral curry puff ready. Okay, we have our curry puffs here and our oil is also hot now, but not too hot because, you know, you might have pimples on the curry puff if it's too hot. So you put in your curry puffs. Curry puff is so popular in Malaysia and I'm sure in other parts of Southeast Asia also, you can add any filling you like in curry puffs. There you are, a plate of spiral curry puffs. For all viewers out there, I hope you will try and happy cooking and happy eating.