 So these are my kids updated chore charts. They are nothing fancy. I cut the tops of the old chore charts off because I like the little design and how I have wrote their, or printed out their names and I is actually doing a chore right now. So she's being very loud. This one is Noah's and what I've done was I just wrote the chores all the way down on one side. So she has clean your room, help make bed, wipe table after dinner, dust, feed and water Sammy, which is our dog, put away clean or dirty dishes. I mean, clothes. And then up at the top, I've just got it labeled Sunday through Saturday and their room and bed should be made every day. I like for her to wipe the table after dinner every day just because it's a simple chore for her to do. It seems like a budge, but I mean, she's just wiping the table. Dust on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. So I'll just give her my duster or give her a dust rag and some spray and let her go through the house and dust the things that she can reach. She can actually feed Sammy by herself and give him water. So she does that on Sunday and Wednesday. And then what's wrong? I want to do these camera. I tattoo. Yeah. I'll do it when I'm done. Just wait a minute and you can't do it with tissue. You need to get a paper towel. Put away clean and dirty clothes. They do that every day after I'm done washing clothes. They'll come and get them and put them up or they will take their dirty clothes basket and dump it in the laundry room for me. I just got wiped out by my hand. So she is five and these are her chores. Next child is Anaya and she is eight. I've done the same with her. I just taped the top of her old chore chart on here. Her chores are put away clean or dirty dishes. Make her bed and clean her room. Feed her water Sammy. Clean the bathroom. Vacuum their room and the playroom slash school room. Put away clean and dirty clothes. So when she puts away the clean dishes, which is what she is doing right now and today is Wednesday. So she does this every Tuesday, Wednesday and Friday. Cleaning her room and making her bed is done every day or supposed to be done every day. She has the responsibility of feeding and watering Sammy Thursdays and Fridays. She cleans the entire bathroom on Monday. And then she is to vacuum her room and playroom school room on Monday. And then put away clean and dirty clothes is every day. So that's her chore chart. I'm there waiting to get tattoos. Anaya go put on some play clothes. And then this is Azaya's chore chart. He is 11 and I done the exact same thing. His chores are listed here. Put away clean dishes. Take all the trash to the road. That includes the trash that is in both bathrooms and the kitchen. Clean his room and make his bed. Feed him water Sammy. Clean the bathroom. Back in the hall, the bathroom and his bedroom. Put away clean and dirty clothes and pull the trash to the house. And then of course his is also labeled Monday through Saturday. He has to put away the clean dishes on Monday and Thursday. The trash is taken to the road on Monday. Clean his room and make his bed is done every day or supposed to be done every day. His responsibility of feeding Sammy and giving him water is Monday, Tuesday and Saturday. Clean the bathroom. He has to do that himself on Friday. He vacuums the hall and his bathroom and bedroom on Thursday. And then put away clean and dirty clothes is done every day. And then pull trash to the house is done on Tuesday because it's taken out on Monday. So today is Wednesday and there was a holiday so he didn't have to pull it in yesterday but he's going to pull it in today. So that is basically all of their chores that they have to do. So this is their updated chore charts. I know they're not fancy. I could have gotten on my computer and redone them but this worked just fine. All I did was use my Sharpies and some basic computer paper. And these if you just want them to be cute, you could go ahead and like add stickers or something like that to it. Really and truly it doesn't even have to be that fancy. And then for Noah, she can't read yet. But I kind of remember what she has to do because it's just for a five year old it's simple. But Anaya usually reads this to her. So that's something that you could do. Get your older child or children to help the younger ones. Or you could make a larger chore chart. Instead of writing in words what they have to do, you could use stickers or some type of drawing to let them know what needs to be done. All right. So quickly I just wanted to show you where I have their chore charts at. It is in our school closet just on the inside of the door. I just took these sheet protectors or page protectors. What are you going to call them? And on some parts I think I use double, yeah, I use double sided tape to stick these up here really good. And then I just slid the chore charts in them. Isaiah is at the top because he saw us so he can see his and then someone and so forth. Anaya's in the Noah's so she can see hers. And they're very easy to just slide right out and back in there if I need to change something which is what I just done. And this is probably the best chore chart that we've had. We've used this for long or use this longer than any other chore chart that we've had. It's really working out well for our kids. So this is where it's at. And I hope you enjoyed this video. Talk to you next time. Bye.