 Hi, my name is Diesel and I'm the owner and operator for you to see detailing.com. The best way to wash a car, when I'm about to do is wash this car here. One thing that I recommend again is to try to find a shaded area, it's best for the car. This right here isn't really going to hurt anything, it's more comfort for you and it doesn't dry the soap as fast. But since it's so hot out here, what I'm probably going to do is wash the section, rinse it, pardon me, wash the section, rinse it and keep going like that. All right, what we do first is for this particular car, this has aluminum wheels. So you do not and I stress do not want to use a strong degreaser. You can use it on certain rims like the flex over there, you can use it in those ribs, you can use it on chrome rims but not aluminum. So the best thing to do is if you know the difference between polished aluminum and chrome, just use a mouth soap, you'll save yourself a lot of heartache. So the first thing that I usually do is I clean the rims really well and then what I do is I spray the car off. Always starting at the top, working my way to the bottom because gravity of course is the issue and you don't want to wash the bottom of the car and then all the dirty water that you wash with goes and dirties up the area that you already clean. So now I have the car fully rinsed off. The next thing I would do is I would take my cotton wash mitts, you can use a sponge if you like. Me I actually like to use cotton wash mitts. And this particular car since it has a canvas top on it, you're not supposed to wash canvas with soap, they have different cleaners for that. So I'm actually going to start on the hood area and basically just do like that. It's nothing hard, you shouldn't have to use a lot of elbow grease unless you have something in the paint that doesn't come out. And if you do, that's usually what polishing and waxing is for anyway. Definitely because it's so hot out here, you definitely want to rinse as you go. Don't try to rush this job because you can be careless and actually scratch the paint if you get something in your sponge or your mitt. So you really want to take your time. Once again like anything else you want to make sure you use clean tiles, clean sponges. Now I'm about to dry the car off, I have clean shammies. If your shammies are dirty, rinse them off. I'm always rinse off your shammie between cars anyway. You don't want to really carry dirt on the shammie and rub it on the car because then you're going to end up having fine scratches in your car. You're going to have to buff the car out if it doesn't need it. Once again we didn't wash the top of the car because there's another step that you could do to clean canvas but I am going to dry it off so I could do that step later. Then we actually go to the actual paint of the car. Once again taking your time, don't use a lot of elbow grease especially in the sun. Dry your shammies off as necessary. A lot of people use terry cloth tiles. I don't like terry cloth tiles because they leave lint on the car and if you have once again a car like this, a show car or an exited car, just a car that you just don't want to have lint on, it's not good to use terry cloth. I would always use a leather shammie or they even have manmade shammies which are really good now also.