 Hi, today I'm going to plant a gooseberry or a gooseberry as some people say. Now generally, gooseberries will grow, they're like a really quite a good size bush actually, so you should give them a size ratio of about 2 by 2 metres in order to grow, like, get a good size. The gooseberries actually come out in summer, so they're deciduous bushes, so obviously they drop all their leaves and everything like that, and they're very fine, almost varnish, type bush, so no real kind of main trunk structure like a normal tree, so more so, just a large bush, so they really respond well from pruning every winter. So I've got one, but you can either put them in the ground obviously, or in a very large pot. Now I haven't got either at the moment, so I'm just going to pop mine up in a good size pot, and I'll keep it there just for one season, and then next year I'll be there. Hopefully, or in the interim period if I can, get something more appropriate for it, and it should be fine. So I'll just go through potting it up, and I'll grab everything. Okay, so I've got my pot, I've got my gooseberry, now you can see the root system on this is fairly long. Now if I put this in this pot, chances are this root is going to just go round and round and round and round, I don't really want that to happen. So you can prune roots, just got to be a little bit careful with it, that's all. Don't go too hammer and tongue, so I'm just going to knock this one just back to there. Alright, so just a little bit more even. I have pruned it back, it was quite long when I picked it up, and I've just knocked it back a bit, I might even just take it back a little bit more, and then we should be right. Alright, so I've got my pot, now I've got some soil here, it's just a mixture of some potting mix, some regular garden soil, I've mixed through some pea straw, but I had in the paddock with the sheep, so it's got manure and everything through it, so we should be pretty right with that. So we'll put a bit in first. Alright, so I've got a whoops, got a bud and a pin in at the bottom. Alright, like so, now I'll just flatten this out. Now if you get a root system on something that kind of pans out, just build a little mound in the dirt and sit that on top and then backfill it from there so you don't get any air pockets or anything like that. Alright, so nice and central, make sure the root system's nice and spread out. This one's a bit one sided, but we should be right. Now this is the difficult pot. Alright, top dress it from there. Maybe one more. Spread it around. Don't come too far up on it, just above the root system, about an inch. Don't want to bury it too far on the trunk or else it could rot. If you can just give it a good stamp, just push down nice and light. Make sure it's nice and even. Alright, there we go, easy. Now even though it is winter, I'll chuck a little bit of food on there. The peach drawer in the mix with the soil should give it a good source of nitrogen as well. So like I said, this pot should be ample for one season and I'll re-pot it. Actually I'll try and plant it in the next season as well too. So I'll come back over some on the next few months and I'll show you how the growth is coming. You can see it is quite spindly, so it will just stand out. And gooseberries are quite bitter or sour or as raw or just straight from the tree, but they really get transformed quite nicely through cooking. So like rhubarb and old berries and things like that. You've cooked them with a few other things, a bit of sugar and whatever you eat. They are really quite nice. Hopefully I'll be able to get a few gooseberries in the next couple of seasons too. And from still on here, I'll go over some recipes too. Now last thing I want to do is just give it a water in. And that's about it. We're all done. Give it a good soak. Cool. Now when you place your gooseberry too, if you're going to put it somewhere in particular, make sure it gets a lot of sunlight, but try and keep it out that it's really hot afternoon sunlight. So in Australia, anywhere around between 3 and 6pm, during summer, that's pretty much the hottest part of the day. They can burn and when they're fruiting, they need a good amount of water too, so they can keep producing fruits and keep the water up to it. I'll put this because it's in a pot too, if you move around obviously. So I'll keep an end spot where it's going to get pretty much sunlight from in the morning until early afternoon. And we'll see how we go. Cool. That's it. Any questions about gooseberries? Give me a yellow. But they're really easy to get, especially during winter, during bare-rooted season. You can get all kinds of berries and stuff like that. I'm actually bought some blackberries too, which I'll go over potting up as well. Cool. All right. Thanks for watching. Any questions, just give me the yellow. All right. Cool. See ya.