 Everyone, I'm Chef Suzy with this Cafe Online. Good morning and welcome to our session this morning. Today we're gonna be exploring biniers. It's a very classic fried dough in the same family with the fritter. So these are usually individual and sometimes you'll see them in better types, scooped out or even rolled out for the biniers and there's just really a wide variety of variations. And today I wanted to show you my variation and it's one of my most favorite desserts. So I really wanted to share it with you. It's super easy to do. You don't need any fancy equipment. You're just gonna need a bowl or whisk because a slotted spoon, a pot, to fry your dough and then it dish for your presentation. So knowing that, let's get started. Okay, so the first thing that we're gonna be doing is we're gonna be making our batter super simple. There's a lot of variations on this batter that I'm making. Today I'm gonna be making kind of a basic beer batter. Yes, I said beer, I know it's early in the morning. No, I'm not drinking the beer but we're gonna be making the batter with it. But that's an option if it's something you wanna do. So I have my all-purpose flour, my cinnamon and a little bit of sugar in my bowl and I'm just gonna be whisking this together. At the same time, I've got my oil started over here on the burner. It's about 332 for this. We want it to be about 375. You can even go up to like 385, 395. So keep that in mind. And always when you're doing things with oil, frying, be very careful. Put your pot handles in so no little ones or your sleeve can't get caught. So just be mindful. Always in the kitchen safety is first. Everything else can wait as long as you're safe. Especially with oil. Be super, do be careful. Don't walk around with this pot of hot oil in your kitchen. Leave it cool on the stove. Okay, so back to the batter. I've got my all-purpose flour, my cinnamon and some sugar. You can do other variations on this if you like but I'm just gonna show you like my own classic way. Okay, so then we need some liquid to this batter, right? So we're gonna put a little bit of egg and we're gonna put some beer. You can use any type of beer you like. I'm using a little bit of a lighter beer. There are so many different beers these days. It's unbelievable. Different flavors. So definitely if you're gonna be doing a beer batter, explore some of those different flavors and the dark beers are nice too. They're very rich and flavorful. And if you don't wanna use beer, you can go ahead and use a little bit of milk. So I'm using the beer because it gives a lot of flavor to the batter and it helps sprout it a little bit. So maybe if you're using a little bit of milk, you might wanna add a little bit of baking powder to it. Just a couple of pinches if you're making a small mix like this. Okay, so I've got my beer and egg mixture. I'm gonna be pouring it into my dry mixture. But first I'm gonna put a little bit of vanilla, which is for flavor, so you can use other extracts too. But like I said, I just wanted to show you my own little classic way here. Okay, so let's go ahead and add this liquid to our flour. This type of batter is gonna be not as thick as a pancake batter, but it is gonna be just a little bit thicker than a crepe batter. If you've done either of those, maybe a lot of you haven't made crepes, but most of us sometimes have made a pancake batter. So I'm just adding a portion of my liquid at a time because it's easier to add a little bit more than add more of the flour mixture. Okay, so it's a little thick. So I'm gonna be thinning it down and then what I'll do if I need it to be just a little bit thinner. I'll go ahead and add a little bit more of the beer. And do we have a question? Yeah, do you flatten the beer before you use it? The question is do you flatten the beer before you use it? No, I didn't. I'm using it. I just poured it out of the bottle into this beaker that I have here. And that's gonna help prop the batter a little bit. Okay, so I'm adding a little bit more of the beer because my batter is just a little bit thick. So depending on where you live and how much moisture is in your air and how much moisture your flour has in it, you may be using more liquid or less. So I kind of recommend doing this the way that I did it. Okay, and do we have any questions? So our batter is looking pretty good. It's thinner than a pancake batter, but it's thicker than a crepe batter. And what you're gonna wanna do is do a little test. If your bananas aren't coating properly and the coating is coming off in the oil, then you're probably gonna wanna add just a little bit more flour to this mixture. And do we have any questions on anything so far? And this mixture you can use it right away and you can also store it in the refrigerator and use it the next day. Just make sure that it hasn't gotten too thick overnight. You might have to thin it down with a little more beer or milk like we talked about. Okay, our batter is looking very good. So we're gonna go ahead and coat our bananas and then we're gonna start on our classic bignet. These usually fry for just a few minutes. You're just gonna wanna keep an eye on them. Keep in mind too, the oil, if your oil is new, which you're frying in your oil is always gonna be lighter. And if your oil's been used and it gets a brownish to it, that's gonna affect the color of what you're frying too. So your color's gonna alter a little bit. So keep that in mind when you're deep frying things. So I'm just using some small bananas. You can use baby bananas if you like and you can cut these in different sizes. But I definitely for this recommend cutting the banana whole. So if you start slicing it and exposing that kind of almost slimy or wetter interior, you might have a little bit of problem with your batter sticking. So I recommend just slicing your bananas. What I do with these smaller ones is I cut them in thirds like I just did here. And you can also use larger ones and cut them in fourths, just depending on how you want to display this. Okay, so our oil needs to just get just a little bit warmer before we start. And I've got my digital thermometer, which I really like to use these. And there's timers on these as well, which is really nice. And timer will go off to the temperature set and it'll alert you. So it's nice I just have my little probe right in my pot. And this one also has a magnet on the bottom, which is nice if you're in a commercial kitchen on a stainless steel stove. It won't be knocked off at all, but I kind of have it safely over here. So let's warm this oil up a little bit more and then we're gonna go ahead and fry our bignet. So super nice dessert. You're gonna like it a lot. And do we have any questions on anything so far? Let's let our oil get a little bit warmer because keep in mind when you've had a lot of items to your oil is gonna cool down a little bit. So you wanna bring it right up to 375 in the beginning. And you may even wanna turn it up a notch once you put a lot of things in there. So what we're gonna be doing is we're going to submerge the bananas in the batter and then we're gonna pull them out with a slotted spoon and then put them in the oil with a slotted spoon. So probably the safest way to do that, especially with this type of batter, you don't want to drop something from here into oil because it's gonna spray and you can get burned really bad. So always be super, super careful when working with something so hot. And also don't let your hand get too close to the oil because you could actually accidentally dip your finger in there and I know because I've done it. So don't do that, it hurts really bad. Okay, so our temperature is coming up. We're gonna just let it get a little bit warmer. And while we're waiting, let's talk about our assignments in the contest that's going on to the end of the month. There's some great prizes, some more that you submit the better your chances. So get those assignments and everything is looking really great if you need any help from your mentors. You could reach us at 877-4525489. We're available in the evenings and then the weekends too if you're working on anything. And you can always send us an email and tech supports available too if you need help with your submissions of your pictures. They're always here to walk you through that. Okay, so our oil is coming up. It's kind of poking along a little bit but it'll get there eventually. You don't want to put something in oil that's not warm enough because it's not gonna bubble as it can sink to the bottom. The batter could come off. It could burn a little bit on the bottom. Even these, you have to be mindful, discern a little bit while they're in here. And we have a question. I actually have a few questions. I'm Kenby. What are the other kind of fruits? Kenby is. The question is what other types of fruits that you can use? Well, this is a classic type of banana bignée. You could probably try with some other fruits like maybe strawberry. They're a little wet or like raspberries and blueberries. Those are a little smaller. You could kind of play around with those a little bit. Apricots would be really nice like an apricot half would be really nice because it's almost the same type of consistency. They have the banana. Peaches would work well too and plums and nectarines. I would definitely try those. Oranges are really juicy. They've got a lot of water in them. So I don't know if those would work, but try some of your stone fruits that I mentioned. I think you'd be happy with those, but definitely try the banana. And a lot of times you're going to see the classic banana bignée with the mashed up banana and kind of a thicker batter that you'll almost scoop into the oil. So please explore the different types of mignées. And some of them are more doughs that you'll roll out. Okay, so I've got my banana and my batter. Pulling it out with my slotted spoon and I'm just going to carefully drop it in my oil. My oil is the perfect temperature. It's sizzling nicely. Let's go ahead and put a couple more in there. You're going to want to keep an eye on this and make sure that it doesn't sit on the bottom because it could get scorched a little bit, but they usually float around pretty well and no worries if they have little feet and things on them because it can be a little bit rustic. And do we have another question? Yeah, what type of oil is best for this recipe? The question is what type of oil is best for this recipe? I'm just using a vegetable oil that I bought at the grocery store. This is the Western brand and you can also use any other brand of oil. And be careful with oils because some of them have a lower burn temperature, which means the higher the temperature gets, the oil could burn. But just your regular vegetable, Western oil off the shelf is what I'm using here today and it's working out just fine. And remember, like I said, they're going to be a little bit darker in the beginning if you've used your oil a little bit more and it has a little darkness to it and that's okay, there's nothing wrong with that. It's very typical and just make sure you're cleaning your oil too, changing it. Okay, so when they come out, we're going to be putting them on a paper towel. You can put them on a pouring rack, let that oil drip off of there and then we'll be rolling them in our cinnamon sugar and we're going to make our super delicious dessert. You're going to love it. Okay, so you're going to want to skin off these little pieces if you're making a batch here and you're going to be frying more than three than I'm doing. Kind of clean up your oil while you're waiting here and kind of watching them and stirring them. I still have my thermometer in here because I'm keeping an eye on my temperature and it's pretty much holding its own. It's going to always fluctuate a little bit so don't worry about it. It's not harmful at all. So while the batter is cooking and turning brown, the bananas are actually cooking on the inside becoming softer and becoming more flavorful and you're going to get these pretty golden brown. Okay, so I'm going to start pulling these out in just a minute. We had a little guy that was sitting on the bottom there so be mindful of that. When you're using a commercial deep fryer, you're going to have a basket so you won't have this problem at all. But be really careful putting them in there. Okay, so you've got a little bit of little footing and things on there that's okay. This is a little rustic. It doesn't have to be perfectly round. We'll leave these little guys go around for just a little bit more. My oil is getting kind of hot so I'm turning it off because we're almost done. And you're going to want to roll these in the cinnamon sugar while they're still warm because it's going to help the sugar stick to the bigny. Don't let them get real cold before you do this. And I'm going to put my glove on because they're a little warm. You can use your hand or you can use a spoon or some fork. Since see how this is nice and warm and the cinnamon sugar is coating the banana nice. So you're going to kind of want to go all the way around and kind of get it in there and get a nice coating on it. There's some great flavor. When I make cinnamon sugar, I make it pretty heavy in cinnamon because I like it a lot. You can make it a little bit lighter if you like whatever flavor you like. Okay, and do we have any questions? So see how simple this dessert is. It's so easy to make. You don't need anything special. If you make this for your friends and family, you'll be sure to dazzle them if you're having people over for dinner or even if you're working in a restaurant. You'll be sure to make some friends with this dessert. So let's go ahead and we're just going to do a quick little simple plate up presentation. Okay, so I've got some ice cream and I always serve these on ice cream. It's a nice compliment. The warm banana with the cinnamon going on the cool ice cream. Everyone will be sure to love it. So since bananas are typically a little bit bigger, I'm using a wider dish. I've got three kind of medium scoops of ice cream in here. You don't want to do this in a smaller glass unless you're going to be cutting the banana smaller. So make sure the dish that you're using has plenty of room to hold your bananas. Okay, so I've got some chocolate sauce that I made earlier and I put some Myers dark from in the chocolate sauce. Super nice compliment to these flavors. The warm banana with the cinnamon, the chocolate with the Myers-Rom and the softness and the sweetness of the vanilla ice cream perfect together. Okay, so let's go ahead and just drizzle some of this chocolate on this dessert and we're going to be finishing it up with some fresh whipped cream and we're almost finished with our session today. So if you have any questions, be sure to get them in. If not, you can give me a call or send me an email. It was really fun making this with you today and I'm happy to share one of my favorite desserts. Okay, so we're just going to top this off with some whipped cream. Then I made earlier, I put just a little vanilla in it and what you can do too is go ahead and sprinkle a little bit of cinnamon sugar on top. You can even drizzle a little bit more of your chocolate sauce too for a nice look and it's ready to go. And now we serve this when the bananas are so warm because they're most delicious then. You can even put just a couple of little raspberries on here for a little bit of red color. And this is one of Shopstews' these favorite desserts, the classic banana vignet. And I'm just putting it on a pretty colorful square plate that I have that kind of matches with this bowl a little bit. And thanks so much for joining me today and we'll see you next week. Have a great weekend. Goodbye.