 So when cleaning the flute you want to take off the head joint first, set aside the rest of the flute. Take your cleaning stick and swap. They're not always connected, mine doesn't really matter. If you don't have a cleaning swap you can use an old pillowcase, old piece of silk. They're also very cheap at our store in middle seat. So take your cloth and actually cover over the stick a little bit. This is going to be used to clean the crown of the flute of the head joint. So when you stick the stick all the way in that cloth is going to touch the top and kind of be able to clean that area. So stick it all the way up there and then just twist around a couple times and that will clean all the condensation out of the flute. The nice thing about the flute there's not a lot of spit going into the flute. It's actually our warm air from our mouth hitting the cold air that's inside the flute and condensing it the air into tiny little water droplets. So we want to get all those little water droplets and whatever spit that is collected out of there. Most cleaning sticks look like this. And these you have to thread the cloth through the hole like a giant needle which is sometimes difficult. So it's sticking out like that and then just cover the top and same thing stick it all the way through around. And then we put the head joint in the case just like the clarinet it's a giant puzzle. Make sure that's stuck in there. I like to clean my middle joint, my body joint and the foot joint all together. So you just take your cloth and stick it all the way through the flute. Maybe pull off well sometimes they're not long enough. Pull it all the way through. Let's do that one more time. I like to do this twice. So stick it through the middle joint. Pull it through. Stick it through the foot joint. Pull it through and then they go back in the case. If your flute, remember if the flute does not go in correctly you want to move it around until you find the right puzzle. Same thing. Should fit in very snugly. Nothing should really be popping out. Then close your case. When you open your case make sure you're opening it the correct way. Most times in most cases for clarinet saxophones, violins, trumpets the flaps will pop upward. So facing it up. And then to close it they snap down.