 This is the set I would make a video of a 10 speed. So today we have a 0 or 9 international focus. There you go. 0 or 9 international 10 speed. Yes it is a pro star max force 13, the worst of the worst. But what's that being said? OK. 10 speed. So over and down would be your first or AKA your low gear. You would use this gear climbing up hills when you're heavy. Actually starting uphill, sorry, starting uphill when you're heavy and whatnot. Now you really don't ever use it. I've never used it personally ever since I've been driving, you know, the steak. Whenever I get a chance, I've never used the first gear or AKA a low gear. So I'm going to go every gear. I'm going to show you guys every year. So so this is your neutral right here where it's all loose. That would be your neutral. So then right here you have this wall. It's right here. It like if you push down the stick, you'll feel like open up. So that's when you're driving, you know, you don't go over and put in a return reverse. So straight down would be your low gear or your first gear. Straight up would be your reverse. And then you have you have two reverses. This this is your high reverse. So you go up that's your second gear and reverse. You don't want to use that trust me. You go backwards way faster and you would like to. So what I being said, reverse high and low, then you have your first, you have your first, second over and up. Third straight down, then you go in the middle over and up. For fourth and straight down the middle for fifth. Flip this switch, come around. So unlike the 13 you flip this switch, you come around and go up. On this you flip the switch, come around to neutralize it, come around and straight down back into your low gear or AKA your first gear. Then that would be your six gear. Then seven. So over or up over and up. So seven straight down is eight. Middle over and up is nine. Straight down would be your 10th gear. So now if you use it from second gear, so that technically would be a nine speed, which pretty much it is. So this would be your second, third over and up, fourth, fifth. Flip switch, come around and straight down over and up straight down, middle over and up and straight down. That would be nine. So technically you don't you don't ever use the disc gear unless you're going up a hill or starting up a hill and you know you're really heavy like 80,000 pounds heavy. So I don't I've never had any issues. So I don't think you were to either that's, you know, I'm just a beginner not any better than anybody else. So with that being said, I think that covers most of it. And let's say you're empty, you don't have to start out in second gear. We could start out in third or fourth like me. I start out from Bobtail or and or empty, I guess I would start out, you know, in the third gear or AK fourth gear. So I would start out up here, just pop straight down when I start flip the switch, come around and go on straight down into fifth. And I think that works a lot better for me instead of flipping through all the gears. And you shouldn't and you're not going to damage the truck or the transmission if you know if you don't start in second or low gear, you could start out in any gear you'd like. So you can start in you can flip the switch and start in, you know, in a higher gear, you can start in seventh gear, eighth gear, whatever. But that's not a good idea because your truck is going to shake and wobble like this until it starts off. All right. Well, I'll be putting up the 13 speed video in a little bit if not before this video. But I think I might put this one up first and then the 13. So this is the 10th speed eating four. It's an Oh nine international pro star. And it's raining. Yay. All right, guys. Thanks for watching.