 Hey everybody, welcome to Learn Billions on the Eddie Altman, your PBIA instructor. Today we're going to be doing a product review. I've never seen this product before. I picked it up today just at Curiosity to see how well it works. It's called the Felt Saver. We're going to check it out. There you go. Well, check it out and put it to the test. Alright, well let's go ahead and put this to the test. I have to say, if it's just immediately using it, applying any type of pressure, it seems like you can see how flimsy this attachment is. The wheel to the actual handle. And when I push down, this actually separated on me right there. That's what's holding that wheel. And it is supposed to come off because you're supposed to be able to clean this. Now, I use this for one square foot at a table and you can see it did pick up and it does what it says it's going to do. But now I have to clean this. It's not appeal-type like a traditional limp brush. This material needs to be washed. So now I have to wash it, rinse it, to do another square foot. I'm working with a 9 foot table here. It would literally take me an hour to clean this table. So me personally, at least once, if not twice a week, I take my good vacuum with a soft bristle brush attachment and vacuum my table and my rails. That is probably the ultimate way to clean your felt and to keep your playing surface in great condition. Personally, I picked this up today. I paid 10 bucks for it. And I just wanted to see what it was about to be able to do this product review for you. Personally, I'd give it a two stars because it does what it says it's going to do. But again, to have to every square foot over table, to have to wash it, dry it, never use it. It's just time-wise. It's just me personally always the time. So again, this is my personal opinion. You might find it different, but it does fill up. It did pick up what I said. It was going to pick up. But now there's no tackiness left whatsoever. So I can't see this. You know, it maybe has a spot cleaner on your table. Yes, without a doubt, does a great job. But to clean your entire table, absolutely not. So I wish they came up with a different method of being able to clean this much quicker. So I hope you enjoyed this video and you've got something out of it. Thank you. Thanks again for joining me. I hope you enjoyed this video. Please leave a comment below. I'd love to hear from you. Hit that like button. And please subscribe and share with your friends. Hope to see you back here again real soon. Thank you very much.