 Welcome to Dining with Dan. Tonight I'm going to show you how to do a simple one pot chicken and rice dish. Okay, so to get this started, I'm going to take and put our burner on medium high heat. Put about a tablespoon of olive oil in there. Heat that up. Once that gets heated up, we're going to throw our chicken in. Yep. Oh chicken thighs, I'm going to put those skin side down. What I've done is a mix three tablespoons lemon pepper with a tablespoon of paprika. And a teaspoon of garlic, minced garlic, and a thick about half of that. I'm going to sprinkle that on this side. I cooked that for about three, four minutes. So get brown on one side and we're going to flip it over to the same thing to the other side. I also'm going to want to pre-heat your oven to 350 degrees. I'm going to put the chicken on the pan. I'm going to take on the brown on one side for a quick one more. I'm going to take a couple minutes. I'm going to put those over. Three four minutes to half to the remainder of our seasoning on top of that. Okay, I've got three or four minutes on each side. I'm going to take those and set them aside on a plate. There. And they're going to add two tablespoons of butter. I'll drop that down and you can take a dice-done in and then you can take the chicken. You can see the chicken is going to be in your risotto garlic. I'm going to throw that in there. I'm trying to keep down to about medium. I'm going to put those over just translucent. I don't think I need 32 ounces of broth. You can buy 32 ounce of single broth, which I did. Just notice that somebody has decided to stick their finger in the top. I'm going to be safe and just brew some broth. Alright, once that onion starts getting a little translucent, you want to take a quarter cup of white wine. Pour that in there. And basically I cooked that down for a couple of minutes till the white wine is completely evaporated. You also want to kind of scrape the bottom, make sure you get all the bits and pieces off of there. Mix those in. Okay, once that starts to get translucent, you want to throw your rice in. You're going to have a 1.5 cups of rice. I imagine you could use any rice. I'm using a... ...called a burrio rice. A short-range rice. Stir that in. Let that cook till that becomes translucent. Once that's translucent, you want to add your broth. Broth. 32 ounce of broth. That's the thing I want to add a couple of minutes. Basically, from there, you're just going to add your chicken back to the pan. Cover that up. Tast the onion for 30 minutes. I'll come back when that's done. Okay, so we're about 20 minutes into this cooking. We're going to want to open it. Get in there and just want to take the lid off of it. We'll let it cook for another 10 minutes. Then we'll come back and finish it off. Okay, so it's been 30 minutes. We're going to pull this out. And that smells divine. Let that tap. For a final step in this cooking process, we're going to take this chicken out. Set that aside on a plate. Now from there, we're going to add two more tablespoons of butter and a half cup of milk. We're going to blend that in really well. Make sure that butter is melted. There, just put your chicken back in. We're going to serve that up. And there it is. One pot, chicken rice. If you like my video, if you want to see more like it, please subscribe. As always, I want to thank you for starting my up. See you soon.