 Thank you, Michael. Thank you, Bob. It is true, Bob is in the middle, but without the regulators again, we depend on them and we appreciate the work they do. We know their job isn't easy. I particularly want to take this opportunity to recognize one of those people behind the scenes who don't always get all the attention, but Colleen Pachin, who is celebrating her 30 year anniversary year, and with the commission and anybody who knows Colleen or who has worked with the commission without people like her, none of us would be here. So I want to take an opportunity to thank another one of the many amazing women who work in this sport and people don't know about. That's an addition to the money. That's an addition to the amazing women on my spectacular staff. All of you are gems and precious and amazing and you make my life and my job so much easier. So thank you. And before I introduce the team, I also want to mention you guys should come early and watch the undercard before we get to TV because it's really good. And on the main event side of that, we have Enrico Goga Fah, background Marxalia and Von Alexander. Some of you may know his brother Devin. They're all going to be performing earlier in the show. And now moving on, I am privileged and honored to introduce someone who also doesn't have an easy job. But he does it and he does it with grace and I believe integrity. And his name is John Devin Jackson. I'm going to bring him up here to talk to you about Sergey Kovalev and his preparations for this sport. Thank you, Kathy, very much. It's our pleasure to be here. It's nice to see all of you. Press came out for this fight. This is a very good fight. For sure, I'm around. It was a good fight. Very controversial ending. So the second fight should be very interesting. I think it's a great fight. I think it's a great fight. I think it's a great fight. I think it's a great fight. I think it's a great fight. I think it's a great fight. I think it's a great fight. I think it's a great fight. I think it's a great fight. I think it's a great fight. I think it's a great fight. I think it's a great fight. I think it's a great fight. I think it's a great fight. I think it's a great fight. I think it's a great fight. I think it's a great fight. I think it's a great fight. I think it's a great fight. I think it's a great fight. I think it's a great fight. I think it's a great fight. I think it's a great fight. I think it's a great fight. So I want to thank them for the things that we said. About including包括 clears complete all that I trust me. I have not said that. I think it's a very good fight that the boxing needs two of the best at that craft. You know. When to come up with an I'm not the winner and that's how it's supposed to be. But it's a truly fight for the fans and it was made and deserves to be seen. And I just want everybody to come and enjoy it and I just hope it's one of the tremendous fight and hopefully fight it here because both of you are the tremendous fighters. And this is what boxing needs to the best going against one another. And I'm really forward to it. You know, campus great and not just time to go work. Saturday, I want to see everybody there. I hope you have a great fight. Thank you, John. Before I bring up Sergei's manager, I would like to acknowledge another member of Team Kovalev who doesn't get quite the attention but he is one of the great, great men of boxing. And that is Don Turner. I'm going to see everyone. Do that for him. Woo! He's steady presence, his wisdom, and his standing work in the corner, which we hope he won't have to do. He's always appreciated it. And you know, John's the reason that Sergei Kovalev and Main events came together. He started the ball rolling. As always, you know I love you. And now I'm going to bring up, according to all of you, the 2016 manager of the year, rightfully so. Man, we're in that distinction by taking the boxing world by storm in the last five years. I think he's going to get a lot more of those manager with your accolades as we move on. And again, it is one of the happiest days of my life was what Don Turner made sure I met Aiga's cleanness. So thank you. Aiga's. Applause. Good afternoon, everybody. Happy to be here in Vegas, not because of the nights who tell us in the hot weather. Just happy to get that sink over. And it's very close. We have two more days to go, basically. And everything is going to put in the place where it belongs to be. We've been talking a lot and a lot. And everybody's getting tired, especially like looking at what is done and the managers and coming to the stages and saying, what they are fighting are going to do in the ring and how they're going to kill or knock out. And how are we going to take care of the business? But in the end of the day, we're sitting downstairs. We're not in the ring. The fighters who are fighting, they have to prove to each other. So I just wanted to thank everybody. I wanted to thank press. I wanted to thank Hota's Mandela Bay, HBO paper view, Nevada Commission having us here. Hopefully it's going to be a very good fight. And we will see you Saturday night. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Somebody reminded me this morning that one was the last time we saw Serge come up as a challenger. And the answer to that question was when he was fighting in Wales against David Cleverley. That's Serge was the crusher. That's the guy who got that nickname. That's the guy who I see is here back again today. I'm very happy about that. And so I have a feeling he's had it with the talking. We've all had it with the talking, to be honest. But he is here and he is ready. And he is going to get his belt back. And I give to you the former Light Heavyweight Champion of the world and the future Light Heavyweight Champion of the world, Serge Kovalik. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Hi, everyone. First of all, I want to thank, say thank you for Mandalay Bay and the Richard Storm. Also, the WADA Commission, HBU Pakeru and Duma Team for everything that I have right now. What do you want to hear from me? I already said it now. And I will prove it June 17, in the ring. And you get prepared. Thank you very much. Time out, my name is Reynoh. What's your thing, Ami? Yeah. That's a classy move. That's a classy move. That's a classy move. It's a baby move. It's good. Let's hope he shows up on Saturday night.