 Hey guys, what's going on? It's Tony from One More Paintball and today I'm bringing a video inspired by one of our loyal viewers It's called do it yourself DIY hopper So guys basically what's going to happen here today is we had not just one but I think a couple viewers ask What other things do you use in a hopper to feed paintballs with? Very odd very weird question, but Mark went to the store and picked up a couple very common objects that you might have laying around in your car trunk or local cooler at your field and Just in case this hopper you lose it you break your gravity fed hopper on the field and that goes to the side We've got a couple items over here for you that you can cut open and make your own hopper with if you've got nothing else to work with guys This is a funny video. It's gonna be wonky. So prepare yourselves. Here we go first off So my gravity fed hopper broke the lid snapped off and I've probably got nothing else or I lost it in the woods I knocked it on a tree and now I'm searching my trunk or cooler for for a hopper man because I can't find one anywhere else A water bottle at every field they got water bottles you probably have some in your car you want to hydrate during games Huh? Cut a little slip it in the top You're gonna put some paintballs in there. They're gonna feed right down into the neck So This bad boy in here mark should we tape it should we screw it in there? What should we do? Well, it's screwing I don't know dude. I don't know if you had an ale and right that might be a little loose Oh, you could that would fit in there for sure We'll just tape it for now. No, no This is why some of it's a bad idea. Yeah, so We'll be right back while we paint that on Dude, it's nice Sick you like that. I might even use this on my nice my geo. I like that We're taking that to legend. This is it. I'll see you at legends with my nice new hopper All right, well, are you are you still rolling? Yeah, we're here dude. Here we go. We got it taped on We got it in the feed neck and actually I'll throw a couple paintballs in here. I want to see if these actually like feed properly Got a couple paint. Oh, okay Let me throw a couple more because this is looking this is looking promising. This is looking promising All right, Mark are you ready? Let me put some goggles on first take this off Throw these on safety first you can't be a trained professional. You know what I'm saying? Okay. All right. Let's see if this feet Ready go. Oh It's actually shooting So Boom so Number one a water bottle a shot out to Dessani. They fit they feed a paintball perfectly So I'll see you back for item number two All right guys for object number two. Let's say you don't drink water. Let's say you're a Coca-Cola mountain-do pop fan Come on you've got you got beverages in your car at the field 100% or the field sells them here you go Slip the top put it in there Where your paintballs in you guys are good to go Let's test it different different next might perform differently We'll see goggles on Let's see All right, Mark. I think it's gonna work. You ready? Oh Yeah Okay, so the Mountain Dew bottle definitely works So it works you know what a part of the mountain Dew is what if you don't ruin the label you can still get your 10 cents back later Nice like that on the item number three All right, if you guys aren't satisfied after the water bottle or the Mountain Dew bottle We've stepped it up a notch. This is gonna hold a couple more paintballs. I think this is your mouth So maybe that's oh yeah, it's got a bigger feed rate. You know what I'm saying you might shoot shoot a little bit quicker We're onto our purely lemon tea bottle Guys don't drink pop you don't like water. You might be a tea drinker So if you got one of these later on Slip the top So look at that mark take a peek skis. Oh yeah, I can't wait to see the comments on this one. It's gonna be good I wouldn't use a glass tea bottle. No, no, this is all plastic by the way. Yeah, definitely don't use glass Don't read glass on any paintball field. Let's drop a couple in Can you keep stuff up and breath? Just throw it on my eyes. Here we go. All right, Mark. Let's see if this works. Are you ready? Oh Boy hold on let me get it on Fight me get it. All right. Here we go Obviously it's gonna work beautiful pure leaf tea bottle on the item number four. Let's go Get it get it closer for that speed feed. You see that item number four with the six speed feed sunny delight for the win Big capacity speed. Oh, yeah, you can try hold 500 rounds in this bad boy. It's got the built-in speed feed for it Five or a color people see Let's make sure it works. So mark I know the paintballs aren't coming up because that is a six speed feed right there. Get in there. Come on show up that angle Push them in they ain't coming out. Let's see if it works, baby I might use this as my regular hopper now Like a charm on the last and final item number five And our last and final item come on come on fellow paintball bros you guys drink the milk You know of the milk. We got the milk carton holds like a thousand rounds. Let's see if it actually works Oh, the marquee market's working like a charm, bro You're good see that was it guys. This is just a super stupid and funny video Using household items as a hopper if yours is broken somebody asks us to do it. So here it is. We're just following your comments Oh Mark's tape wasn't strong enough. Give the video a like subscribe to the channel and we're out of here guys Do you think we can tape it to like Austin CS2 next? We will we will do that see you then You talking about Gead