 Yo yo yo what up? Welcome to another episode of Mary to Eat. Jessica ain't joining me on this one. Could this gonna be a quick fire recipe? Whatever it's gonna be a quick fire recipe. A little quick recipe for y'all that y'all can, you know, make it to house and it's one of the more popular dishes from Waffle House. So the Texas Cheese Steak Melt, I'm gonna go ahead and put that together for y'all. And this should only take about, I don't know, probably about 10 minutes and there's only like a few ingredients. Bread, onions, cheese steak and cheese or whatever. So we gonna get it started. This is gonna be very simple. All you need is some making two sandwiches. So you need four pieces of cheese, four slices of bread, some melted butter, onions and some cheese steak to get it started. Prop game, make sure you always get your veggies and everything. Prop before you start cooking. So first up you gonna do is make sure you put your skillet to a nice like medium high medium heat. And we're gonna take about five sheets of the steak goons or shave rib eye. Put it up here. And then we're gonna kinda like, kinda chop this up. These are gonna cook very quick. And we're gonna chop them up and make it into the shredded steak and pieces. You can use basically anything, kinda chop this stuff up with. The clog is a guy nice, hard edge. You don't really gotta see this. I mean you can put your own little like salt and pepper up here if you want to. But you don't necessarily have to. And of course you're gonna cook this. I say well done with this. Just like you do at Waffle House. They don't ask you if you want me and where or anything like that. Of course you want this well done. And actually while this is cooking, we can go ahead and throw the onions over here on the side. You don't necessarily need the type of skillet I got. You can use a regular pan and kind of mix everything together. I think about after 10 minutes of cheese steak or your steak should be looking like this. Kinda shredded up. And this is because what we're gonna do is keep the skillet still going. By pushing this over to the side, just start laying down the bread. You get that crust. Alright y'all, so this is when the melted butter kinda takes its place here. See I got a little brush here. You can spread it on normally but I think it's easier just to get your little brush, melt the butter and brush it right onto the bread. Just gonna do one side. Place your face down on the grill. Same thing. Just continue for the next three pieces. And we got that good honey wheat bread. So now that we got all four slices up here, we're gonna put a slice of cheese on each portion or each slice of bread. Now once we got the cheese on the bread, you can go ahead and start laying the meat on one piece of bread. Ashy me got a little bit of me a third when it need to be. I might just stack this up. Now let's see if the bread is ready here. We kinda want that golden look and the bread is ready so we can put this off the side. We're gonna flip this down. We got the grill. We got nice grill marks on the bread. Yeah. So our sandwich is done and the next thing to do is to cut it diagonally. Look at that there. That's something nice and simple. Easy, quick and made. So we're gonna put it off for house recipe. The Texas cheese state melt for wife house. You can add your bacon. You can add your onions. You can take your onions off. But that's just a very quick recipe. You can make it probably like 15 minutes. Very small amount of ingredients. Small social media networks. And we're out. Peace.