 Okay, we're at our C-trades now. I've been asked by us by several of our viewers that we show an update on our C-trades. And what I want to show you is some of the differences in different types of C-here that we experience in our climate. One to look down here at our pepper one. This whole tray here is nothing but peppers. And if you notice in this tray, there's nothing coming up. This is day number seven. Peppers are really finicky we've learned. They have to have 70 degree temperature in order to germinate fast. We don't really quite have 70 degrees here because of the weather situations that we've been dealing with. Peppers like to germinate at 70 degrees and when a plant gets to be about three inches tall, it actually really likes to be put in cool weather then. It likes to go back in the 60s and stay there until it begins to actually put on the flowers. And once the flowers begin to grow, then you can put it back out in the extreme heat because it'll be really good then. Now in the tomatoes, this here is a creole tomato that we have. This is day seven. This is our only the second year. This is our first year of saving seed. This will be our second year of growing this tomato. And we haven't got this tomato adapted to our climate really well yet. So we've only got a few seeds coming up at day seven. Now as we go down to the next tray, this tray here is tomato seeds that we have grown here on the property for several years. And we have got them adapted to our climate and you can tell the difference. Now a lot of people may not agree with me but I go with what works. Look at the difference in the amount of seed that has come up in this tray versus the one that we haven't got adjusted to our climate. You can tell there is a significant difference. Now some of the viewers have asked what do I do when we have multiple seeds come up in one tray. What I'll do is I'll pick the weaker of the two or three and I'll take a pair of tweezers and I'll just remove them out of there if there's too many. Now don't mind leaving two at the beginning. But I'll go along and I'll just gradually take these out. The smaller of them with a pair of tweezers. While they're at this stage because I'm not really at any harm of or risk of damaging the roots on the others. You all can tell it's raining pretty hard in the background here. I hope it doesn't mess up anything. We like to go ahead and get some of these out to give the other ones a better chance of surviving. And I know it seems like when you pull up little baby plants it seems like it's just horrible to have to get rid of those things. But trust me in the long run it's going to be worth it because we're going to actually be coming back getting rid of some of those other plants and getting them down to one. Now some of them we may leave and get two plants out of it and sub to bottom. Because tomato plants want them kind of plants that really doesn't matter. We can take all the dirt off the roots and it'll still grow. Now some of these trays back here we got, we weren't sure about the germination rate on them so we got a lot of them coming up because we put more than them. More than we should have in here just to guarantee that we would get some up. But you get to just stuff it this is how we do it. We just go through and we pick up. Some of the seed out of it, little plants because we don't need that many in there to get started with.