 Hi guys welcome back to my channel so I posted a picture a picture of papaya a couple days ago on social media and I told you guys that I will tell you guys the secrets because I finally myself finally know how to make the papaya kind and share with you guys just in case you guys are having trouble with how to make yummy papaya I was so excited because what you guys this is my recipe that I just kind of came up with and if it's not good to you guys I'm sorry because I really don't know how you guys would like it you know some people like it spicy some people don't like it spicy some people like it very sweet some people don't like my fiancee he likes his papaya sweet and I don't like papaya sweet so everyone's different and one tastes but it's different and there is no exact measurement because you want to taste it to your liking it's never like oh two cups of this and two cups of that it's not like that and I want you guys to understand that part because partially I didn't understand that I thought it was like you know I want that the people that make the most perfect papaya they know that it's that measurement it's never like that it's just taste and go so really you just kind of you know put whatever you want in there and if it tastes bomb then it tastes bomb and it doesn't taste bomb it doesn't taste bomb okay but I'll tell you guys how I do it guys I'm sorry I didn't show you guys how to make the sauce and it's because everything was pre-made already and I have school right after this so I will tell you guys how to make we have our here here are the things that you're gonna need okay and so we have the papaya this is like the main ingredients so you guys really need this you guys want the green is papaya okay and now we have our vegetable here which is our lemon our cherry tomato which is you know what I personally love the cherry tomatoes a lot more than any other tomatoes because it has a sweet and savory taste to it and then we have eggplant and then we have the long ones and I really encourage you guys to and you get told it's okay but you know put these best one there because it does out late where a lot of people think it doesn't but it really does question eggplant okay I like a lot of eggplant in mine and now we just have I made this from I made the sauce by myself it's not really a sauce you know I got the tamarind the block one I don't like the one in the can okay I just it's not my pepper so I get the block one and what I do is I put a little bit of water not too much okay don't soak it in water okay you want it just to cover the block so say your block is inside the bowl you want water just to cover the block okay because you put too much water it's not gonna get really pasty so I like it pasty like this and I would wait personally okay I would wait a day before you just this okay that way all the I don't know to me just all the juices there or something now this is a crap piece now this is what's gonna make your if you guys see it but this is what's gonna make your papaya dark okay crap I'll post all the pictures okay I use this brand if I use this brand and I put I boil this also boil all separately okay I don't like boiling it together because everything has its own expression okay so you don't want to mix a lot of these together but this is hot water boiling water and the pace now there's like I said there's no exactly measurement of water of hot put it I just I will okay and I'm sorry that that that that is that but no matter how much water it is and you pace you'll see the the juices dark okay I think if you put too much water and little bit of pace only the just not dark so you want to make sure it's dark secondly I use this fish sauce ground preserved sauce okay and I use the pentide brand I personally love all their brand so I just want to go get this one and you're gonna shake it because at the bottom that's where everything like all the good stuff is out okay and you're want to shake it and then you want to get fresh I mean I'm fresh frozen minced crap okay this is found at SS supermarket I would boil this and this together now the reason why you want to boil it together is because the frozen minced crab also has flavor inside okay it has a little crab in there here I'll show I'll show you guys well to get off but yeah it has crab in there and it will you want the juice out of this crab basically and all there's also juice in here it smells really proudy yeah so you want some of this and this put together okay like I said one more time no exact measurement just eyeball it honestly I don't think you would go wrong with eyeball okay some people feel like you know you need to know exact measurement but the best putters don't okay so this together makes what's inside here okay so you guys you know and it will be hunting like this okay and again you want to cook this let it rest rest overnight for it to be cooled down and then you'll start making your pie okay and then I have MSG I don't use too much MSG but I use just a little bit of it and I use peanuts this is dry roasted peanuts and you don't have to use this crab okay I just before this but I'm pretty sure every other brand is system and of course you need a little fish sauce and then I have sugar okay this is my sugar you you guys comments and I know someone wanted without sugar now very important because kind of balances sweet and sour stuff now I I already tried it without sugar and trust me it doesn't taste the same okay so you need sugar but if you do without sugar and you like it that is totally fine that's perfectly fine it's totally up to you okay this is how I make mines okay so let's get started one thing I make the juice first I don't ever okay I don't ever ever ever ever ever you should want to blow on the note okay the reason why is because I like my papaya punch and I don't know about you guys but I like soggy papaya okay and I like my papaya to have a lot of sauce and like I said it's totally up to you guys preference okay so I took a lot of garlic in there and then I'm really lost a very spicy papaya so I put one two three four five six seven eight I put one sugar okay and then I put peanuts okay I learned this from my mom she always when I was little she always does a piece first okay so one two handful and maybe two and a half okay I love peanuts I don't know about you guys but you guys love peanuts by all means put it all in there okay and then you just start to move it to the wall okay come on with the water so all the dry ingredients goes in first and then you put because they're sugar you put a little bit of a papaya in there so the sugar doesn't splatter up okay want to make this sauce first you don't ever want to you don't ever want to mix all together and if you do and if you like it that way by all means do it that way okay you don't even know that okay you can see that so then we're going to grab your tamarind that you made okay and grab one two I'm not sure this is just how to make it so you need to make sure you put whatever that good it was to salt and put a little bit sugar and lime and then two of this two then this is what makes your papaya dork so I just put one two okay now you have to cook your sauce one okay that was one like a half and then I like to just go in with a little bit more sugar and a little bit of energy and this is just a spoon so maybe half a spoon just a little bit more and then you just mix it okay mix it like so and then you get your sauce like this you see that okay you get your sauce okay now you grab your papaya grab your papaya this is half a little papaya and once wondering I didn't make a law because I'm almost out of my shrimp paste and then lastly you're going to grab your shrimp paste of course and just pop this much but I'm almost out so I'm not gonna put it in the bottom of the pan and then we grab my lime best good there I know my mom likes the vegetable that has a link on it I'm not exactly sure Like that homie, you need to make one out of the bowl, she's all. And then you try it. Oh. Mmm. Ah, well done. Nice look. One is good. How I make my papaya. It's so bomb. I'm not gonna lie. Okay, this is really good. This is how I make it. I hope that you guys, um, is able to make it at home. And then if it's good, let me know. If it's not good, I'm sorry that you guys waited. Okay, to try to make this. I'm sorry for making you guys wait. Because I am a working body, so I'm never really home to cook as much as I want to. Have a wonderful day, and I'll see you guys later. Bye. Subscribe. Subscribe. And... No, no. Like. No. No, like. Like. Like. Like. Like. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.