 Hey, how's it going? This is Rob from Justin's Toys and today I'm going to show you how to make the twist away bracelet. This was designed by Vince Naiman. It's probably one of the easiest designs that I've ever come across that has such a nice look to it. It's both easy and it's appealing. But all it is is two fish tails that are wrapped around each other. And the most important part about it is the clipping. So, without wasting your time any further, let's get started. The fish tail is one of the easiest bracelets to make. And if you don't know how to make it, I'll show you really quickly. All you need is anything with two pegs. So, you could use the finger loom, the rainbow loom, or the mini loom. And I'm just going to do it on the original rainbow loom because that's what most people have. You're starting off with one band crossed. And you're going to push down all the way. So, that's the cross. Then place another band on top. Make sure this band does not overlap that bottom cross band. Push down slightly. Then grab a third band. Place it on top so that they do not overlap. Next, you're going to grab a hook. And you're just going to grab that bottom band. Bring it up to the top. Bottom band on the other peg. Bring it up to the top. Push down. And then place another band on top. Again, there's three bands. So, now you want to grab the bottom band again. Bring it up. Bottom band on this side. Bring it up. Push down. Since there's only two, that means I have to put another band on top. And now there's three bands. So, again, bottom band up. Bottom band up. Push down. Two bands. Bring it up to three. Now there's three bands. So, bottom band up. Bottom band up. Push down. And it's the same exact sequence over and over again. Okay? So, I'm just going to continue to do that until this bracelet is long enough. Slightly about an inch or two longer than the length of my wrist. So, once it's at that point, I will be back. Last one. Okay. So, at this point when there's only two bands left, still bring that bottom band up. Bottom band up. Push down. And then we're going to transfer this left side over to this side right here. So, carefully. First, hold down here. Grab the hook and bring it over. And now you're going to use the C clip to clip those two ends right there. Okay. So, go on with the C clip and pull this end off. Okay? So, there is my completed first fish tail. It's maybe an inch longer than my wrist. So, as you can see, there's some slack right there. Okay? Now we're going to make another fish tail. So, this time I'm going to make it on the finger roll. So, three more. One. Two. And three. Okay. Again, we're going to bring that bottom one up. Bring that bottom one up. So, now there's only one band on each of these pegs. Push down. Hold on to this top one and grab this one on the bottom and bring it back up and over up here. And now you can grab a C clip. Okay, and clip both ends over here and remove it. Okay? So, now we have two fish tails that are of equal length, as you can see. Now that we have the two completed fish tails, we want to reapply these back onto the wound itself. So, I'm just going to grab that end that we started with, the end that isn't clipped, and place it back on this peg right here. Okay. You do the same thing with the next peg over. Apply this green band back on. And now that you have those ends, you'll see these ends are clipped. Now we're going to twist. So, grab both these ends right here with the C clips and just start twisting. All right. We are going to twist until we see four of these blues. One, two, three, four. Okay? And make sure the blue over here is on the bottom. And then opposite color is over here. Right? Now we're going to fold this back to itself. And now you want to clip this blue end with this green end. All right. So, get in here. Grab both ends of this blue. I'm just going to zoom in. With this green end, and once you know you have both blue ends, you can pull it off. And then the same over here. Use this clip and grab both of those green ends. And once you have both green ends, pull it off. Right now it looks like a jumbled mess, but if you just give it a tug, you will see. There you go. That is the Twisterway bracelet by Vince Nailland. Okay? So, here it is side by side by the one that Vince Nailland sent me. Pretty cool. There you have it. This is Rob from Justin's Toys. I hope you enjoy this video. And happy looming.