 Hey guys, how's it going? So if you've ever dedicated any of your precious time to watching YoYoFreeStyle after YoYoFreeStyle, every now and then you might see a YoYoPlayer wearing gloves. But apart from paying tribute to Mickey Mouse and looking like a competitive pool player, why do YoYoPlayers wear gloves? Do they really make a difference? Well, in my six years of YoYoWe history, I've competed with and without gloves and you know, the result has usually been a couple of different things here and there, but considering I've used them both, let's kind of discuss the pros and cons I've found. So the biggest pro-dowaring gloves is that they protect your hands. If you've ever tried practicing for upwards of an hour, you've probably experienced this sensation. After a while, your hands start to get sweaty. Once your hands get sweaty, the string starts to get grimy. Once the string gets grimy, it's really difficult to maneuver the YoYo because the string constantly sticks to your hands and probably pulls off chunks of skin while it's at it. That's what it's called, string bow. At this point, the players who want to preserve their emissions of hand modeling will probably start to wear gloves. But seriously speaking, gloves provide a barrier which provides protection for your hands and because it's a cloth material there, whether it be nylon, cotton, whatever it is, it allows the string to slide freely again so you can practice for longer without the YoYo squeezing up on you or the string squeezing up on you. You can also protect your hands from any of the nasty burns that you would get upwards of an hour while planning with YoYo. So one of the main reasons why I use gloves now is because before I get up on stage, I'm usually pretty nervous and when I'm nervous, my hands start to sweat. So the reason I put on gloves is because I'm a relatively fast player with simplistic tricks. It's my hands are sweaty. Most of my tricks just don't work very well and the accuracy goes down. So for that reason, and that reason, pretty much alone, that's why I use gloves. Second benefit to gloves, they allow you to play faster. Ever wonder why most of the insanely fast YoYo players use gloves? Think YoYo, Marquis, Prismachia, Haruki, Suzuki, etc. Well, think about it. If sweat can go along the slow you down and your hand is now if you do any string birds, string shaping, etc. You can really start to crank up the speed. Final benefit gloves can prolong the life of your string. So the main thing that contributes to string wear and tear is basically when your hands get sweaty. After your hands get sweaty, the string starts to track dust, moisture, all this bad stuff and it really wears out the string really quickly. If you put on gloves, the string is still going through all the same motions, you know, the trapeze, the double nothing or the combs that you're doing. But without the added sweat, moisture and grit that it's going to absorb from your hands, they last a considerable amount longer. So if I were to use a string non-stop, no gloves, it probably lasts about a week. If I were to use gloves only with that string, primarily it lasts probably two days longer. It's not an insane amount, but it's something I've known. So those are pretty much all the benefits to gloves. They protect your hands, they allow you to play faster at their prolong the string life. Those are some pretty cool benefits. But if that was the only sound of the story, every single player would use gloves. So what are some of the cons? The main cons, and this is probably the main reason why not every player uses gloves, is because it eliminates some of the feedback. So when you wear gloves, you can't feel the string as well as your bare hands. Right? Now for players with simplistic fast tricks, this is really cool. You can go really, really fast and not feel the string burn that's probably happening to you if you weren't wearing gloves. However, if your style isn't really based on any of those kind of extreme style tricks and relies more on intricate, complex textile tricks, then eliminating the feedback, you know, messing up some of the pictures and some of the areas, that might be really annoying to you. And because of the eliminated feedback, it might actually decrease your accuracy. Personally, I don't have this problem because mainly my tricks are relatively simplistic, which means that, you know, I don't really have to worry about too much of, you know, the technical side. But this is the main reason why not every player uses gloves, you know, eliminates the feedback and therefore makes complex tricks more difficult. Gloves also make it difficult to undo knots. Period, like every single knot, knots of your strings, just general knots, they're bad, okay? Have you ever tried to un-pick a knot with a glove on? It's very difficult. So you have to do, you have to take off the glove, and then you have to undo the knot, then you have to put the glove back on and it's okay. Yes, I am lazy, but that is probably the main reason why I stopped using gloves. Okay, so, yeah, that's totally making it into this video. So let's put this in simplistic terms. If your style is simplistic, fast, and put a lot of stress on the yo-yo, your hands, your string, you should definitely try gloves that will definitely improve your game, try it out. If you don't like it, hey, you've lost like what? Three bucks buying a percent glove. If your style isn't too stressful and kind of relies more on complex tech elements, maybe gloves probably won't be for you, okay? Think Takeshi Matsura and Zach Goldley. Now, one thing to mention, Takeshi actually used to use gloves, I think he still uses them for five days, but considering his style shift in 2014, we're basically leap from up to like a new level of tech. Gloves would unlock a better official for him, so if you ever watch any of his one-eighths days, he doesn't use gloves. Even though these are all just generalizations that are plenty of fast players that don't use gloves and there are plenty of technical players that do use gloves, okay? At the end of the day, it does come down to preference the only reason I mentioned that was the kind of kick you guys on the level of thought. Basically, my opinion of gloves is that they are great, okay? They can protect your hands and they can make you speed off. It's really, really cool. If I was you, regardless of what style you have, I would try, okay? They're not that expensive. Get them at most of the generic you installs, you expert, you're a rewind, etc., etc. So I would get them if you don't like them, don't use them. You've only lost about three dollars. Okay, so there's my thoughts on gloves, okay? So if you ever see, you know, a kid on YouTube that happens to be commenting on somebody's you're free style, saying that gloves look lame, they look like Mickey Mouse, they look like his trying to imitate Michael Jackson. You go ahead and, okay, you probably won't be able to link them this video because your comment will be marked as spam. But just tell them why you're your players use gloves because that is a really common question I've seen on other YouTube videos and I seriously wanted to eliminate that. Okay, thank you guys for watching. Get a pair of gloves. I recommend it. Anyway, see you guys next time.