 Hello, I'm Fancy from Cactus Creek. This is Milita. We finally got around Kiteo. And for years we have been selling cowhide rugs, and we always felt people that they're so easy to keep clean that they're super, super durable, that you can get really anything on it, and clean it right up. And so finally we are getting around to making a video to show people how to do that. This cowhide is gorgeous, and it got some really nasty, sticky, yucky stuff. Yeah, don't even know. No, wait a minute, we might not want to know. Mystery stain. Yeah. So we're going to show you how to get it cleaned up, super easy. So what is in your bucket? Dawn. Ladies, gentlemen, whatever you put on your hide, you're strong. If it can clean an animal, it can clean your hide. But it's not a quick fix. It's going to take you a minute. You do need to be patient and clean it slowly, because like anything else, you can spread it all over. So keep your area contained, try not to totally saturate your hide, and then comb it out as you go along so that it comes back to where it needs to be. Okay? Okay. So you have Dawn in water. Dawn. Dawn in water. And the new platinum, Dawn. I'm not plugging anything, but it works really good. Really well, pardon me. And look, kids. What Dawn will do for your hide. Well, now, unfortunately, whatever it was, kind of boogered up the skin underneath it. But for the most part, you can get it all out to where you really won't even notice that there was anything at all on your hide. And this was pretty sticky. Yeah. And when you clean it, go with the hair. Go with the direction, the grain of the hair. And see, I didn't stick the whole thing in there. But look, when it's all on the rag, it comes right out. When I sell people hide, I tell them you could back in there. You can sweep it with a broom. You can shake it out. You get anything sticky on it. A little Dawn. It comes right back. Also, you know, liquid really will puddle up. And you can just wipe it off. If it sits there for several hours, it will saturate. But as you can see, just a little work. And I would, I would stay whatever it was, is gone. Awesome. So there you go. It's that easy. So hopefully this will help you when you are trying to clean your cow hide rug. If you have any questions or you want to buy a cow hide rug, please visit our website at www.Cactus.com www.CactusCreekShop.com Thanks. See ya.