 All everybody, welcome to Vera Suidhavi and Vera. Today we're going to be making an omelette. This is a very stylish and beautiful cake that you can see in every magazine right now, because it is just beautiful and very very classy. I love it because of the gradient of colors that it has and whatever you use it is going to look amazing and your table is going to shine. Are you ready to do it? Let's begin. So I chose just one color to use in this cake and the one I like is the real purple because it looks really really classy. What I'm going to do is I'm going to drop just a few drops of the color in the first pattern and then in the second one I'm going to add a little bit more color and then in the third one is going to be the darker one. So the darker you want to get it the more color you like to add. So this is the cake that I already made yesterday because I wanted to put it in the refrigerator so it's very stable and kind of hard. So this is the easiest way to work actually. So it doesn't really matter which cake you make as long as it is tall because you really want to see the gradients and then these colors. The first color that we're going to use to start is the darker one that is going to go around the base of the cake. Well to be honest with you, I couldn't make what I was thinking I was going to make because I put a lot of shanty-leak cream on top of the cake and that made it really a puzzle for the batter cream to flow the way I wanted to do it. So I couldn't do it perfectly like you see it in the magazine or on the other tutorials. But there's always a way to make it better. What I did is that I started to paint my cake as if it was a painting. So I started to use my spatula going up and down, up and down and then I realized that this looks like a beautiful ocean and I decided to paint the plate as well and that looks really pretty. So as you can see, even if you mess it up, there's always a way to make it beautiful and your way. Now it's time to add the decoration and I'm going to add all of these delicious ingredients that look very classy with a touch of red that is all yet stylish. So I'm going to add some more of these. I'm going to add some more of these. I'm going to add some more of these. I'm going to add some more of these. I'm going to add some more of these. I'm going to add some more of these. Keep it up. Keep it up. So the real reason why I made this cake today is because I have two birthday parties. And the welcome party of a friend who has been away for a long time and this is also a surprise. I'm going to take it to them and hopefully they're going to like it. I'm hoping that somebody can make a video and I'm going to show you guys their reaction. Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! So this cake, as you saw, everything in life is flexible. It doesn't work. Turn it around. Do something on your own and it's going to work. Look how pretty it looks. It doesn't look like the magazines. It's very beautiful. It has my touch, such as two of your own. Put your touch in it, put your heart in it and it's going to be amazing. I'll see you in the next tutorial. Amaro, ciao!