 This one I have cooked them before and they take ages to cook so it takes over and I haven't really tried myself and this one I just recently found in my Asian grocery store. I'm going to try and find out how quickly this one cooks or another alternative the easiest I reckon is get a tapioca or sago in syrup. You can find this one in your Asian grocery store and if they haven't got it in stock you can actually order them. The good thing about this one is that it's got a syrup and the tapioca pearls or the sago. What I would do with this one I'm still going to heat this up. I got my water boiling here now I've got about half a liter of water each on my pan here so I'll put the one that I know that takes so long to cook on this first bigger pot or pan and then they're both a third of a cup each and the other one of them. And so now that's sort of boiling just stir it up a little bit and then turn your heat down to low. Cover it. I'm just going to keep coming back to it every five or ten minutes stirring it up just to make sure it doesn't stick in the bottom and burn. So what I'm going to do now is just going to take some palm sugar and I'll just some off to have about half a cup. So I'm just shaving it really. I'll put my sugar in the pan that's not on yet and I'm putting an eight of a cup of water so just tiny, that's a quarter of a cup so half of that. I'll just mix this all up. Now I'll turn my stove on. So now with this one we'll have to keep stirring it. Why should you get to the stage that it's bubbling up like that? Turn it off. And so now you can see, so I'll just let that cool down a bit. So you have a nice thick syrup. Normally I use the soft tofu or the silk and tofu and this other one it's called tofu mix. I just found this recently but I'm going to try it now. See which one is better. So now that one I'll just put this aside because that's easy we just heat it up and this tofu mix I'll show you how to cook the tofu mix now. The tofu mix comes with this tofu powder and a coagulant to set them. So I'll just put it aside and now I've got 650 meals of water in my pan here and you need a whisk to stir it all up. So first up so don't turn your heat on or anything like that. So we just got a water and I'm opening this one shake the sides and I'll just pour everything in and with the whisk I'm just dissolving the water. See if I get powdery bits. I'll actually put this in a larger burnage here because it's a small burner. And turn it on and continue whisking until it boils and we'll cook it for three to four minutes. So you can see that's really boiling up. Then turn it off. We'll take it away from there. We'll put it here closer to me and straight away after taking it off the heat we'll put the coagulant mixing it. So that's all mixed up now so we'll put it in a container so I'll just pour it there and we'll take some aluminum foil and cover it up and we'll put this aside on room temperature. After 35 minutes it's set on my timer. Just about to stir this one first. This one which I haven't cooked before and it's getting thick and I've got less liquid there now so what I'm going to do is just add some more boiling water to that. Just add a little bit and stir it up and the other one the amount of liquid is still pretty good so I'm just going to stir this one an hour later and the one that I normally use has already gone halfway almost transparent so I'll do it this day. This add quarter of a cup or palm sugar and just mix it up and this is going to take another 30 minutes to cook so I have to keep coming back every couple of minutes stirring it up and the other one is still looking raw still got a long way to go I think with this one but nevertheless I'm still going to put some sugar in it also a quarter of a cup of palm sugar you can use brown sugar but I find that palm sugar is actually better than brown sugar as far as taste is concerned of course so I'll just put the lid back on and I'll leave it and come back again and keep checking it. So now I've got everything laid out in front of me for the taste testing. My camera went flat on me so what I've done is I've actually scoop up some of the silken tofu from the supermarket and put a little bit of this tapioca in the jar so now I have to try and see what it tastes like. That actually tastes exactly the same as the one's the hot vendor sells in the Philippines so let's start one there okay the next one I'm going to use this one the tofu mix that I cooked up so I'm just scoop some up that's enough now I'm going to try using the palm sugar I'll put some of the tapioca first or this ago just on top enough that's enough doesn't matter which one but the secret is in the Arnibal or the sugar or the syrup so I'm just going to put finally bit there and I'm taking my teaspoon here so now I'm just going to stir it up so I like to eat it and I'm going to try it now so it tastes a little bit better because of the palm sugar but I can't really tell the difference so now it's up to you whether you want to do it the easy way or the hard way so the easy way is silken tofu and the tapioca in jars or saagore in jars that's already got syrup and tapioca pearls or do it the hard way like I did with the tofu mix and just even the harder way or in you actually well I don't want to talk about that but that's it folks and thank you so much for watching I'm just going to enjoy my tofu now bye yam