 Welcome to Lydia's cuisine. Have you ever wanted to make soft and tasty mahamri? Well, today I'm going to show you how to make kanyan mahamri which is usually eaten for breakfast or with a meal with barzi. Stay tuned. For the ingredients you need three cups of papas flour, three quarter cup of sugar, one tablespoon of cardamom, one tablespoon of yeast, and one and a half cups of coconut milk. So you need sifted flour, you need to sift your flour first. Before you start, I already sifted my flour. Before you start incorporating the ingredients. Mix in the dry ingredients first, sugar, the cardamom, and the yeast. Mix them up together. Then start mixing in the coconut milk. So you're going to need your dough for about five to seven minutes as I'm doing. So I have to activate the gluten. So after I mix a little bit on my bowl, I'm going to transfer the dough to my clean surface. And start kneading. If the flour is not enough, I'm going to add in a little flour so that the dough can can be pliable, like soft and nice. Then the process is a bit messy, but don't worry, the mahamri that comes out is really tasty. After the dough feels soft and nice, that's above for seven minutes. Keep it in airtight container and cover and let it rest for three hours. Three hours later. Now I'm going to cut up my dough into little balls. So I'm going to make about six balls. And I'm going to use my flour to make the six balls into round balls. After dividing my dough into six parts, I'm going to start rolling the dough. And here I'm not going to roll the dough so thin. I'm just going to roll it into medium sized round medium sized shapes. About that much of thickness. You don't want it too thin because it's going to form a space in between your mahamri and you don't want it to be so thick because it's going to puff up and burst and oil can go into it. So I'm going to cut this into four shapes into four. Put it on a clean tray. I'm going to roll another one so you can see. After cutting them into four parts, now the oil is ready. If you want to test whether the oil is ready, you put in a little piece of dough and when it comes up, that's when you know that your oil is ready. We are now ready to put in the mahamri into the oil. Make sure you don't put so much heat on your gas because too much heat can make the mahamri cook only on the outside and inside is not well cooked. Set your gas to medium heat so that you don't make the oil too hot. I like chopping my mahamri like this because it relieves the pressure from inside so that they can puff up. Then I like to turn them to the other side so that they can start cooking evenly. Don't let your mahamri puff up too much because when they puff up too much, they're going to burst and the oil is going to go into the mahamri and you don't want to eat mahamri which is full of oil. So I keep turning and tossing them in the oil until they are cooked. What you're looking for is a nice golden brown color. You don't want them to be too dark brown. You want a nice golden color. I think my mahamri is already now drained the oil. Then I put them in a paper towel. I'm going to oil and put them in a soft paper towel. Now I'm done with my mahamri and if you want to know that your mahamri is well cooked, when you cut it up it's nice on the inside. It's soft and nice on the inside and a little crispy on the outside. Now that's when you know that you've cooked real good mahamri. Thank you for watching my video. Give it a thumbs up if you liked the video and don't forget to subscribe to my channel. Until next time, God bless you.