 Good morning and welcome to Coop of Students. Today I'm going to be showing you how to make a homemade toasted mussely. Now the recipe I've used in this tutorial I've tripled, so just remember that I'm putting the original recipe down below so you can check that in how you want. Hope you enjoy it, certainly taste good at the end and let's get the show on the road. First things first we're going to stick on the oven and we're going to turn it off to 180 degrees and let it preheat until we're ready for it. We're going to stick a saucepan over a low heat and then we're going to be adding our canola oil. Now just remember that triple de recipe so it may look like a lot but if you follow the recipe that I've posted below you should have no problems. Right now we're going to be adding the orange juice. The original recipe called for 120 mil so that goes. I've just tested the skin of one orange so we can put that in as well. Now I know it looks like a lot of sugar just remember it's a triple de recipe so we've got our brown sugar, we're going to stick that in and give it a good mix. Now for the important part of honey, now the original recipe once again calls for 100 mils of honey so whack that on in and give it a stir. Now as that heats up we're just going to keep an eye on it, give it a quick stir every now and then and everything starts to dissolve and smell quite nice. You know when it's done when it's all incorporated as one big mixture and it should be a little bit foam on top. Now is that mixture cool as a bit? We're going to start with the musely part. We're going to use two different types of oats. We've got some jambeurites which are a little bit bigger than your normal roll oats. So we're going to stick them in first and then we're going to fire that by the small oats. Now then go some linseed or flax seed the both the same thing so following that we've got a wee amount of sesame seeds so we can check that in. Some sunflower seeds and you can turn anything else that you might like say pumpkin seeds as well. Time for your nuts. I've just went and got a big bag of mixed nuts. It's got Brazil nuts, it's got peanuts, walnuts, almonds and pretty much anything you can think of. Now I've chopped mine very closely just because like a like a crunch my musely but you can chop it fine if you like or just leave them all. The mixture we had earlier has had time to cool. Now we're just going to just a little bit over everything we've got in the roasting dish and give it a good mix. Make sure it's very thorough try to coat everything in the juice so everything tastes just as nice. Once it's all looking nice and good we're going to chop this basically until pre-heated oven. Top the musely whilst in the oven is going to dry out and crisp so we're going to check this and every 20 minutes of so go in and toss the mixture making sure that everything gets an even amount of cooked time. Once the musely is at your desired crunchiness and dryness we're going to take it out and this is where we're going to add all the other stuff to make up the musely. The first we're going to add some coconut, followed by some diced apricot, can be whole apricot whatever you choose and we're going to stick in some salt harness and that can also be raisins and then we're going to stick in some banana chips and you can also stick in anything else you want such as dried apple or mango. You really have the chance to personalize you musely and finally we're going to add some brand, quite a significant amount and once that's all added together we're just going to give it a good mix, find something bigger and mix it and if you need to and should be hungry to go. Now believe me if you make this recipe and decide to double or even triple it you're going to have a lot of musely so it should last you a long time you're just going to find some airtight containers you can store it in the middle of the container and when it comes time setting a nice dollop of yoghurt with it along with any of berries or anything else you might want to stick on it. I assure you this is pretty dang good.