 All chefs have their favorite recipes that they keep under lock and key and I am no different. Mine is red velvet pancakes with cream cheese frosting and a maple pea con sauce. However, as a huge thank you to all of my subscribers and viewers, I'm going to share this recipe with you today. So let's get baking. Before we make these pancakes, I really suggest if you haven't already, check out my video for the perfect pancakes. It's really good hints and tips of how to get full-proof pancakes every time. In a large bowl, measure your flour, cocoa powder, sugar, cinnamon, salt, baking powder and baking soda. Mix all your dry ingredients together. Get all the raising agents, cinnamon, cocoa, salt, all well combined and set it aside and we'll get started on our wet ingredients. Now is a good time to melt your butter so it can get to room temperature by the time we mix our butter. In a separate jug, measure out your buttermilk, eggs, vanilla extract and red food coloring. Then whisk them all together. Look at that beautiful vibrant red. Then just add your wet to your dry mix. Then just like our other pancake videos, we're going to spell out pancake. Then now we're going to add in our buttermilk at room temperature. Here's a fun fact about the red velvet cake. The red actually came from the chemical reaction between the cocoa powder, the buttermilk and the bicarbonate of soda. Your batter or cake mix would start to turn this kind of dark, deep red and then it started to naturally color it with beetroot and other kind of natural sources of red. Nowadays, we kind of add more artificial colors to it. We're going to let this batter set up in the fridge and we're going to get started on the rest of our toppings. Oh man, I can smell the cocoa. It's so good. Red velvet cake is traditionally paired with a sour cream topping or cream cheese topping. That's why this cream cheese frosting is the perfect accompaniment to these pancakes. In a bowl, I'll add in your cream cheese, sugar and vanilla extract. I like to mix with these ingredients first before I add in the cream to get any lumps that are in the cream cheese. Now we add in our cream. The cream makes it nice and light and fluffy. Have a little taste to make sure it's good. Oh my gosh, it's gorgeous. The cream cheese and velvet are to me a winner. I can't waste try them all together. Yum. Our cream cheese frosting is ready. We're going to put it in the fridge and we're going to get started on our maple peak on sauce. You can always serve your pancakes with just maple syrup, but there's nothing big of a bold about that. This sauce is awesome. In a heavy bottom sauce pan, we're going to melt our butter. This we're going to add in our chopped toasted pecans. We're going to let the butter melt and we're going to toss the pecans in the butter and let the cook a little in toast. You'll notice the butter starts to foam up around the pecans. We're going to let this cook for around two to three minutes before we add in our maple syrup. Now we're going to add our maple syrup and a pinch of salt to bring out all the lovely flavors. We're just going to bring this up to the heat. This sauce is really starting to come together, so we're going to knock it off the heat and we're going to add in our water and our vanilla extract. And then just stir that around. Turn back on the heat. We're going to bring it to a simmer. Let it simmer for around two minutes and then we'll turn it off and we'll set it aside and let it cool. My favorite part, the cooking. Heat a nonstick pan to medium to low heat and grease with some butter. Drop on a generous spoonful of your pancake batter. If the batter is a little bit thick, you can move it around with your spoon. Don't thin it out too much because you still have nice thick pancakes. This also helps to cook evenly. So as you can see around the ramens starting to change color and go a little bit dull and we have these beautiful bubbles forming on top. And these bubbles, what I like to call pancake pillars, because they form from the bottom and they're what hold up your pancake when you flip it over. So these are essential before you flip over your pancake because this is what makes them nice and thick. Now flip, cook for another two minutes and finish off the rest of the batter. Let's bring it all together. To assemble the pancakes, you're going to need way more than three. That's much better. Generously spoon on your cream cheese frosting. Don't be shy with it and then top off with your maple pea con sauce. All the flavors of red velvet cakes stacked beautifully in these pancakes. Now you have it. My big and bold red velvet pancake recipe. Don't forget to subscribe to my channel and I'll see you back here again next Thursday for more bigger bolder baking.