 Hi, I'm Heidi from the Land Your Ladies and Today I'm going to show you how to make a fish tail, ramble, and bracelet. This is what it's going to look like when we're done. You're going to need to pick two colors. We're going to start with, I'm going to use red and black. You can make your bracelet as many colors as you want. You can do five or six colors, but I'm going to show you with two. So you start off with your first rubber band. The first, you're going to use the sides of the pegs, two side pegs. Take your rubber band, you're going to twist it into a figure eight. And you're going to place it onto your loom. And you're going to push it all the way down. And you're going to take another rubber band using the black. That one's going to go straight across. That's the only the first one gets twisted. And you're going to use another red one goes across that. And you push them down. And now you're going to take your tool. And you're going to go underneath, and you're going to take the first red one. And you're just going to pick it up over that peg. And then go to the other side. And you're going to do the same thing. Just pick it up over the peg. After you do that, you're going to push this down. Now we're going to add a black. Put the black on top. And now you're going to go get the bottom one, which is your black. Go in, get the bottom. Push that around. Do the same thing on the other side. Take your black. Look that around. And then add a red. And you're going to keep doing this pattern until you make it as long as a bracelet or an necklace. And now you go back in. Put the red on top. The red on top. Add your black. And keep following it. The black. The black. And the bracelet, you're going to start pushing it out towards the side as it gets longer. Add another one. Just push them down. And then you're going to get another one on top of that back to the red. So now you continue doing this pattern. And as you see, it will get longer and longer and you can make it into a bracelet or an necklace. And when you're done, it will look like this. And that's how you make a fishtail rainbow loom bracelet.