 So the go first, finally it's been I don't know a couple months since I've had any in the backyard getting color to the garden. So what I do is I keep them under control. I was watching some videos from the extension office and basically he said that you know there's usually only a couple per area. So once you get them under control they're pretty easy to maintain and it's been working good. I haven't had any in my garden and it's right. Right there's my garden. So this guy looks like he's heading up that way so I don't want to get him too close. He kind of snuck in here. I didn't notice him. I usually get to them before they get in. Get out of the big grass over here. You know when the big grass when they start getting out of this stuff and into our mode area is when I usually try to get them. So yeah that's what I'm gonna do is trap this guy. I got one another one way up in the front by the fence but he's not bothering me too much right now. I just try to keep him out but as soon as I see these mountains I go for them. All you need is a stake or a piece of rebar or something long that you can poke one of these green traps from tractor supply or Home Depot or wherever they're like nine bucks for two and then a garden shovel. So I'll just find your fresh mound and start poking around. Actually I'm gonna I think I'm gonna go with this one down here. He looks better. Just find the mound you start poking around. Get enough out of the way that you're trappable off. Get that shovel all the way down. You can see this shovel starts to fall right into the hole. You know you're in there now. You always want to keep your stake. Stab it in a little bit. Tie a string to your trap. Otherwise if it doesn't kill it right away it'll drag it back down in the hole and you'll never know. You got it or not. It's kind of like a mouse trap just backwards. Push down, open them up and then you put this up to hold it. Once you get it hooked on to the front here. They're pretty strong so keep your fingers away from the little points. Sometimes it'll go off when it catches. Alright and then you just if it doesn't go in easy dig some more out but I got that one deep enough that it looks like it's just fine. So I'll put it right there and then there usually a couple hours. I'll come back and check it. And then just wrap that string around it that way you can't take it off. Usually it'll be caught and like I said I'll check in a little bit. Okay let's go check our go for it. Didn't get to it last night because we went to church before anything happened and of course my video ran out, my battery. I had to take the camera off of watching it. Anyway can't tell if those are new holes over there. Right there that one might be a new hole but I forgot the count yesterday. I'll look at the video. I don't think so. And we got here. Never seen the trap pulled out like that before. The hole doesn't look filled in like normal when I don't get it. When I don't get it they usually fill it back in pretty good. That one still got some space in it. It didn't go off all the way. I didn't release the whole thing so it didn't get it. I got stuck like that about halfway. Probably too much dirt down there. Looks like I got something. Truck it down in the hole though so it might still be alive. Yep. So there it is. Go for it. That's how you catch them. Anyway first time you got them that's a big one for the pocket gofers. See here's what he did. This new one. It already dug all of these and then filled it in over these two holes yesterday. So they didn't take long for them to tear up your yard.