 Hey guys, Welcome to my YouTube channel, via an Edge Lifestyle. This is Bhavya here. Today I have come up with a new beauty video for you. So today in this beauty video, I will tell you 3-H Girl Skin Care Tips. How to do these skin care tips for the tiniest kishoriya? So let's see our video. Tip number 1 Cucumber for face Kira, you can eat kachcha or salad Kira, which is a natural glow in your skin. You will have to listen to many cucumber face washes and cucumber face pack. If you prepare the fresh pack on the house, you will get a small amount of skin problem in the tiniest kishoriya. Aksar girls cope pimples and dark spots problem. So for this, you have to match the kira with a good amount of liquid portion. Your skin gets rid of all the dead cells. And you will never have any dark spots problem. Tip number 2 Hello Vira Jail Hello Vira Jail is a beauty product that you can also use for your skin. So you have to extract the leaves of the leaves from the plant. Then you can feel it and massage your face. This liquid portion is also a beauty product that you can use for your skin. Tip number 3 Sandalwood and Charmarine Powder for skin Sandalwoods are known as Chandan. Chandan and Haldi are beneficial for your skin. So you have to add 2 tsp of Sandalwood and 1 tsp Turmeric Powder. Then you can add normal water or gulab gel in it. You can apply this pack on your face. When you get the pack, wash it off with cool water. Your face will have a lot of dust and pollution. Tip number 4 Avoid touching and plating your face. When a lot of girls are afraid that they touch their face again or again. Or when they are acne, they plag their face again. So you should never do this. Because even our hands are not clean. They have to be careful with the germs that are stuck on our face. This is because our face gets pimples on acne. So you have to clean your hands and hands. So take good care of your hands or life for your life. So these are the beauty tips for teenage girls. If you are 18 to 25 age and you have skin related problems. Then you should definitely try these tips. So this much is for today and I will be back with more beauty videos on my channel. For that subscribe my channel, Yarnet Lifestyle. Till then stay happy and stay beautiful. Bye.