 Hey guys today we're going to be making some fake poo for this eating dog poo video and I'm going to show you how to make it. All you really need is literally dark chocolate and peanut butter, potentially some black food coloring which I might have to go on get. But I'll show you how to do this pan. Alright step one literally take your dark chocolate, put it all in the bowl, open your microwave, chuck it in, put it in for enough to melt the stuff. You're also going to need one of these a snap lock bag and that will be used later to make the actual shape of the poop. Grab the contents, so easy just stir it up I'll show you what it looks like in a set. There you go you got your melted chocolate, that's step one done. I'm going to potentially add a bit of this which is just like a cereal. And we'll see how that looks as well. We've got the chocolate, literally grab your peanut butter and just put a whole big lot of it in there. Maybe two of those. There you go. Literally the mixture is just chocolate and peanut butter at this stage and now mix that together. Okay there we go that's pretty much the finished solid mixture. Only potential problem is it's maybe not dark enough so we might add some black food coloring to that. Add maybe a quarter of a cup of this. There we go. Just like that, stir that in. And there we go that's pretty much the finished mixture. I don't think it's just quite dark enough so I'm going to add a little bit just a small tiny bit of this black food coloring. Okay that's easily enough. I'll mix that in and show what it looks like. Okay it's looking like a pretty good color now. You want to just spoon it into one of these glad bags and once you've done that I'll show you the next step. Alright I'll spoon that in here now. It's looking nice and disgusting. Just cut the end off. It's just a pretty small hole and then grab yourself a plate and this is the gross part but here we go. Just mix the top seal it off and just start squeezing. There's all different shapes and stuff you can make. Yeah this piece is really easy. Just try and get every last bit out. There'll be one more in here. There we go. That there's the finished product. Looks pretty disgusting. You just chuck that in the fridge for maybe like an hour. And yeah. That is how to make fake poo. If you want to watch this video we did with this stuff. You can click the top of the description and you can see the prank that we did with this. Thanks for being subscribed to the second channel. There's going to be a whole bunch of new stuff in this channel. We're just going to be uploading everything that we can and I hope you enjoy it. So give it a thumbs up and we'll be back with a new video very shortly. Hey guys what's up. Just currently waiting for Richie. He's picking me up. Who'd be here in a minute. We're filming the second half of the eating dog poo in public. Yesterday it was an okay day. Got some good reactions but a lot of people were saying they could smell the poo which was actually peanut butter and chocolate. You probably already seen Richie make it. And yeah so we'll probably start filming at the river torrents and then we'll move back to the dog park. We still need any more scenes. So we'll be doing the admitting to a crime prank maybe tomorrow or Friday and we'll film the rest of this dog poo one today. Richie will be here in a second with more shit and we can begin filming. Mr. Sanham Richie Sanham has arrived. You know this guy lives like five minutes away from me. Hello. Are you running on the tight schedule here? There you go. So yeah this guy lives like so close to me. Feeling better today? Yeah. Don't have a gastronymal. We're gonna eat more shit. We'll be eating shit today at the torrents. Filming the second half of the eating dog poo video today and then possibly filming it again on Friday with the admitting to a crime prank that we'll be redoing. And I am absolutely devastated. There was a cupboard that was outside that person's house. I got it and as soon as I saw it I thought Snapchat video idea. But it's gone now so that I digs over. If you guys don't follow us on Snapchat please do. Most of the stuff we post is quite entertaining. I try and do sort of short funny videos and updates when we're filming. You what? Film myself making a shit. You filmed yourself making the shit. Yeah. You're one of the only people to have ever said that. I've come with the person in the world to ever say that. Yeah. Filming himself making the shit. So yeah we ran out of shit yesterday and we made more shit overnight. Anyway we live in the Belair Hills. Look at this place. Yeah. This is a fantastic place to live unless there's a bushfire. I've lived here since 1995. Richie when did you move to Belair? Belair in 2000. So yeah we've lived here for a very long time. That's the point I'm trying to get across. Just arrived here next to the tauren. I think Richie's car is due for a bit of a clean. She'll see the animal. I think you can't need to clean pal. Yeah it would. Looks pretty good. Hello. How are you? This is Alana. Say hi. Just vlogging today. Hello. You got these. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. Got these two dogs. Ready for round two little dogs. So we've got Rambo here and Rocky here. Probably think their owners are very weird for eating their shit. This is the beautiful River Toren's. It's actually pretty disgusting. So I'm here. This is Adelaide. Shall we begin? Yeah. Alana's made some shit. Which is made some shit. I've made a lot of shit. Which shit will we be eating today? Okay so we've got Shit Sample 1. Who's shit too? Is this yours Richie? No this is Alana. Okay so this is Alana's shit. Oh beautiful. I gave you got like sort of the cracks and looks a bit nutty. Here. It's got Chang's noodles in here. I'm thinking Alana's gets that just wins. The both mine. Oh this is awesome. That one looks better. Yeah because I put some of it in the freezer and then I try some more. Did you bring your shit? Oh yeah that's pretty decent. It's like a really sick dog. It's like a really sick dog. Really unhealthy. Yeah that is right. They're both good. Once this shit's heated up we're ready to go. Tell the camera what we're doing right now. Right now we're at the torrent second day of filming because we didn't get enough footage yesterday and the shit's been left in the fridge. Shots too hard. So I'm warming it up. We're heating shit up. We're heating shit up. The doctor said it would be nutritional if I ate some of my dogs poo. He was wrong. All right where to now. Do it as I try and get more value. He's filming. It's a joke. I didn't smell that. Did you smell the chocolate? Yes. I need to keep my distance. I just say, no, whatever. Yeah. Good on you. Why on the standpade? I got dog poo in my teeth and my lips. People that don't clean up their dog poo. Jesus. That guy's still in shock over there. Oh. A minute bit of a tangle here. A minute bit of a tangle here on behind the standpade. Billy, come here and help me. For those that haven't sent this is Billy Connolly. Say hi to the camera Billy. So just here filming at the dog park. He's recording right now by the way. Say hello. Say hello. No, no, no, say the word hello. Just say hello and wave. Hello, boy. Hello. Just say hello and wave. Hello. Yeah, see you.