 Today I will be showing you how to take a plain piece of paper and turn it into something awesome like a bookmark. If you would like to see how to eliminate things even without eliminating machine, then just stay tuned. You will need a clear contact paper. You can purchase this at Dollar Tree for just one dollar and a pair of scissors. You'll also need a few items that you want to eliminate and we're ready to go. The first item that I wanted to show you was this super fun little fishing game. You will notice we just took a plain piece of copy paper to cut our fish out, but it proved to be just a little too flimsy without some sort of lamination. So I decided to turn to contact paper as an old trick. I'm simply going to cut a rectangular piece just a little bit wider than my fish and I'm going to give myself two pieces the exact same size. I'm going to use the first piece as a template so that I can ensure that they are equal. Once those pieces have been cut, it is time to pull away the paper backing. You will notice sometimes that something like this will occur, but it's an easy solution. Remove that backing about three quarters of the way and then take your item to place right on top. Give it some good pressure ensuring to rub out all air bubbles that may try to pop up. Once you have laid that down firmly and ensure that there are no air bubbles, it is time to take the second sheet. You only want to pull that paper back just enough to align your corners. When you have those corners securely fastened, you can now begin liminating the rest of your object. You do want to pull this paper very slowly because air bubbles will tend to pop up the quicker you go. Once again, you can see that there was just a little bit of mishap as I was tearing that paper. Don't let that bother you, simply peel it up and continue working on down your project. You will notice how slow that I am taking this and I am rubbing very securely as I go. You can also use any kind of flat edge that could help this process as well. Now, it's time to trim that away but be very careful not to get too close. You will notice along the edge as with any lamination that there is just a slight air bubble where the two pieces have been separated by whatever item it is that you are laminating. Moving out just beyond that air bubble, you can begin trimming away your lamination and it will leave you with a perfectly laminated object. So simple. Feel free to go ahead and work your fingernail right around the edge of that just ensuring that the two pieces of lamination are still securely stuck together. And look at there, he is definitely much firmer now. You can see that now adding that paper clip and using one of the little magnets from Dollar Tree makes our fishing game quite complete. Item number two will be that super adorable bookmark I showed you in the opening. Simply take any kind of decorative paper that you have and cut it to size. Whatever size fits your bill. Simply follow all of the steps that you saw in project number one and soon enough you will have a nice sturdy bookmarker or any other kind of item that you are needing to make. Be sure that you are rubbing out all of those air bubbles as you move along and remember don't trim too close. Make sure that there is still enough room to keep that lamination together. And there you go. Item number two, it really is that easy. This project also does work on puffy stickers or glittery stickers. I already have the turquoise flower laminated. You probably can see the sheen. You might have to leave just a little extra space on these bubble stickers because they do cause the lamination to have just a little bit bigger bubble. But look here, it absolutely works and is so sturdy. This is a shot of our BBS last year where we laminated these stars and taped them on the floor. And we also laminated 80 name tags that lasted us all week long. This is a great alternative way to laminate things without an expensive laminator. All you need is contact paper, scissors and a few items that you want to laminate. I want to thank you all so very much for watching. I will see you soon in the next video.