 Brince Tuesday night dinner series that he does every week Stuffing things inside other things what he likes to call it. We're here at Sombar to try their Exclusive duck song. Oh, yeah, we are we only sell a few duck out of the shop for week But these guys are taking it to a whole new level with the way they're using every part of the animal So this duck is the try age for a week after it's already been stuffed with sausage Then it's roasted it then it's deboned and then it served with lettuce. What more do you want? What they're doing here is something completely different. We're gonna learn a lot. You're gonna learn a lot Let's go deeper on duck. So we are here at Mama Fuku Sombar with Matt who is the director of culinary operations in Max who is the executive chef of Sombar today We're gonna be kind of going through our whole rotisserie duck It's something we do just giant pieces of meat in weird different ways It's a pretty iconic dish. So we're pretty excited to try it. We're gonna bring you Hanyo and you Hanyo has worked For Sombar since it opened. He's the one who really you know does these ducks every single day So these are a long island peeking ducks. You know one of the reasons that we only really offer this whole limited as a pre-reservation at dinner is because there's only so many we can make and they also age for at least seven days to 14 days I think we got the same duck guy Yeah, I think we got the same duck guy traditionally when you break a duck Cut here right now, but because we're gonna be stuffing this with sausage What's really important is we need extra skin and if we're not cutting it and leaving on that extra skin You're gonna have exposed sausage and it's all gonna fall out. It's not gonna look nice So this is really the most important part of it There's a lot of specificity to these cuts We're gonna blanch them really lightly You should about 10 15 seconds then shot them This is gonna help firm up the skin get the skin sort of really dry Taut and it's just it's not gonna cook it just gonna you know get the fat a little loose You can already you can see the difference. Yeah, you see that it's immediate. Yeah So now that the ducks are blanched me of the glaze working we're gonna bring them back over here and then we'll start stuffing How many of you do so on night? We pretty much always cap it at about three or four. Okay, we just don't have the space to to age Because then at that point if we're just trying to sell them They're not gonna age as long and they're not gonna be the best product possible And that's just not what we're gonna do. Yeah, so you guys want to take a hand at it? How harshly are you gonna judge us on this sausage stuff? And the last thing I want to do is I'm up a duck. Let's try one of these bad boys. Get it get it get it Just kind kind of want to make sure you get close to an even amount all the way to the back pretty even Matt pretty even pretty For April fools we did a large format called a bow duck in so it's a Neutobar fried chicken stuffed inside of a duck stuffed inside of a bosom and Dave thought it was so funny that he posted it on Instagram and A lot of people thought it was serious. So then there were people lining up at the door To get this bow duck in. Oh man. So then basically These guys once they're they're glaze. They're gonna go into the fridge for at least a week Then a week later They look like this. So shunken down a little bit tighter Definitely a little bit darker Pretty firm. Yeah We try and slice it pretty thin and also why we don't cook it like where medium rare It's a little bit more medium is just because it's like if you if you try eating it in a wrap and you're not using a fork and knife It's just kind of too chewy and you want it to just be able to separate you guys and easy the rendering of the duck fat is like is a Process kind of unto itself that unlike any other animal really like you really have to focus in on it We've got like a good render, but we still have a little fat Which is like the difference that we want I'm just gonna season this rice with the sauce This is honestly probably the best part and when people get down to it, they're like oh That's right. That's what I want rice duck fat shallots all the crispy in sausage and then we'll also save all the fat That's in the pan and use every something pretty much nothing is gonna go to waste as the meat sort of Sits on top of it all the juice any juices or anything are going into it. It's food, but it's also function It's like they thought about all about to say it's like you guys like lock yourselves in the cabin like 20 joints and a couple of his is a bearded like think through every No one's leaving until we use every part of this duck You guys have had this a lot I got to kind of want to see how you guys put together a bite I'll usually take a piece of the piece of bread I like to do lettuce on top because it kind of like acts as a Like a defense from getting the bread soggy and keeps everything together You know take maybe a slice or two you got to get in and get get some rice Kimchi because it adds Like a little bit of texture to it. I do a lot honestly. I add a lot to it I do a little of the barbecue because it adds like a little bit of heat and then I like hoisting for the sweetness So I feel like this is like I've got I've got texture I've got spice I've got acid and then I'll just kind of roll it up Okay, I'm ready all right just to call out the breast looks amazing with the sausage. It's like homogenous and It's just gorgeous. You see the crispy skin on the outside. There you go. That's a bite Yeah Holy shit. Yeah, I could eat this whole thing It was amazing. Okay fine. Yeah, the one thing you need is like a you're gonna need a lot of nappens I think what's so awesome too is it really shows the versatility of a duck because when you know The customer comes in the butcher shop and wants a whole duck. They're like well, what do I do with it? Dude like you should have been reading a book for a week Before you came in to get this because like your your brain is gonna explode once you understand it You're gonna be able to feed your family from this duck over the next week Like you have so much fat. You can do you can stretch it so far that like just the breast is like the nice little treats at the end and using the rest of it You know really pays homage to using the whole animal so cool There's inspiration from a lot of different Cultures and ideas and techniques and you draw these different lines, but when you eat this dish You don't necessarily think of one cuisine or ethnicity or You know tradition, but at the same time it's familiar. It's something that's unique But at the same time comforting and that's really something we try and do with a lot of our food where this it's like is it peeking duck? Is it you know kind of like this stuffed, you know French sausage? You know is it fried rice? It's all sort of these different things, but it's still it makes it like anyone will feel connected to this Yeah without needing to know what it is right well Thank you guys so much to such an amazing dish. Yeah, I'm really really happy to be able to try it Especially learn about it. Yeah for more prime time episodes click here Do you want it? Do you want it? I'm gonna pull some noodles This is just dope nothing special about it. So what I'm doing is kind of pulling on it at the same time