 Welcome to Kara's Kuchina. I'm Kara DeFelco today. We are making a great Thanksgiving side dish I'm gonna show you guys how to make some mashed turnips Great food isn't just about good ingredients and knowing how to cook. It's about telling the story of the food We're gonna make a sandwich Really simple dish and a side dish that you can make in advance. We actually have two turnips peeled and chopped up in here And we've also got about four carrots in here as well. This is gonna be for sweetness and they are going to go into our pot of Salted water and we're gonna bring everything to a boil We're just gonna boil it for about 30 to 35 minutes until everything becomes nice and fork tender So very similar to making a mashed potatoes. We're gonna let that get started And I'm just gonna show you guys. So Turnips and rutabegas are both cousins of cabbage. They're very similar to one another And depending on what part of the world you're in you would refer to Either you could refer to them either way So but it's this fleshy root vegetable white and purplish in color And you can also eat the greens if those are available to you as well But the whole thing again is edible and the reason it makes a great substitute for mashed potatoes particularly at a Thanksgiving meal is It's essentially all water again because it's a cousin of the cabbage There's really no starch or carbohydrates in here. So you really have A lot of fiber and not a whole lot else So it's gonna be a really good substitute. We of course are gonna add some butter and some salt and pepper to these to give them a bit of flavor But again a great Way for you to swap out some things that Thanksgiving and maybe make it a little bit healthier for you We're gonna let these boil again They're gonna boil for about 30 to 35 minutes until they're fork tender and then we're gonna pull them out and mash them Once your turnips are fork tender You're gonna drain them and then right into the same pot We're gonna add about three tablespoons of butter And we're gonna start to mash them season them with a little salt and pepper as well Now this is one of those things that as always it's your personal preference So however you would normally mash your potatoes is how you can mash your turnip So if you normally use a hand-mash or go ahead and use that if you put it through a ricer do it that way If you use a hand mixer to really get them whipped up and creamy do it that way So again, it's all about your personal preferences Also, if you want you can add a little bit of milk in here and again That can be whatever kind of milk you normally use in your own household So if it's a dairy free milk and almond milk So I milk it's entirely up to you It's the beauty of cooking your own food We're gonna get these mashed up nice and smooth and then we're gonna put them in a buttered baking dish This is a great mate ahead side dish What you can do is dot this with some butter cover it put it in the refrigerator And when you're ready to serve it just put it back in the oven at about 350 for 30 minutes to warm it all the way through again That is it for this week in the kuchina. Hey, I hope you guys enjoy this recipe Incorporated into your Thanksgiving meal. Let me know what else you like mashed for Thanksgiving in the comments below And don't forget you can find the recipe at caradafalco.com and you can find me at caradafalco on Facebook and Instagram I will see you guys next time. Bon appetit. Happy Thanksgiving