 Hi, I'm checking back and I made two of these really big though the half gallon size jars. I made two big jars of tapash, T-E-P-A-C-H-E. It's my first time doing it. All I did was cut up a pineapple. I kept all the good parts for myself and then all the junky parts that I would normally throw in the compost pile. I threw them in these jars. I put one pineapple in each and this project has been the more gross looking of the projects that I've done for fermentation wise. If you can see there, it looks really nasty at the top. It has changed colors. It turned grayish. It turned white. It turned this weird pinkish color. It's not very pretty. It's a little scary. I waited several weeks because the temperature in here keeps changing. It gets cold at night sometimes. Other times it gets really warm if my husband turns on the heat. It's been very inconsistent temperature wise. Yesterday I got tired of looking at these jars. I only had enough of these flip top cap bottles to do one of them. These two are kombucha. This is the tapash. I have not even tasted it. What I did was take a funnel, put it in the top part there, the flip top part and all of the big chunks got stuck in the funnel. The liquid went down into the bottle and it was very carbonated. There was a lot of carbon dioxide in there. It was very cloudy. It's still really cloudy. You can see there's a lot of sediment at the bottom. I am going to give it a try on camera. I haven't even tasted it. I'm going to put that camera down here. I hope this goes well. Wish me luck. Here we go. It wasn't even that carbonated in here. I wonder if I should let it do a second ferment like kombucha. I'm just going to pour a little bit in here. I have not tasted it yet. Here we go. First impressions, it's got a smell to it. It smells like that sweet sour ferment smell. But when you taste it, it tastes pretty good. It definitely has that like fizzy, I don't even know what you call that. It has that fizzy flavor of the ferment. It's pretty good. I'm going to keep this. As soon as I get another one of these flip top bottles, I will do this one. I'm going to keep this one sitting there. We'll see if it gets it's fizzy back. You can see there are a little bit of bubbles, but certainly not as many bubbles. When this one was actively fermenting, you can tell it's not anymore. When it was actively fermenting, it was bubbling up from the bottom. Oh, I forgot to mention, in addition to the pineapple, I added some ground cinnamon, some whole cloves, and maybe a cup of sugar, along with some water. That's pretty much the recipe that I used. It's pretty tasty. I'm impressed. I'm surprised. All right. So maybe I'll do the next video of me straining this stuff out. I was a little afraid, you know, first time doing it, it looks kind of scary with that yucky stuff on top, but it tastes pretty good. All right. See you.