 All right, what's going on? It's welcome back to my incorrect. But this time when we're checking out 10 hopper uses, if you want to use some hoppers in your next redstone creation. So why don't we go ahead and get started. As you can see, forgot to change my skin from up when I did the role-playing thing. So why don't we go ahead and drop money into this. So this map was created by Agent CpuO. I will have his links down below in the description. And it says easy%. We link. I'd love to see it. So yeah, I'll send a little link. Yes. Anyway, so this is the crafty recipe of a hopper. All you need is a few pieces of iron and a chest. And you will have the lovely, lovely hopper. And here are 10 uses for the hopper. So one eternity later. Let's first one is called the stolen item prank. So it's basically a hopper use for our prank, which is pretty cool, because everyone loves pranks. So let's go ahead and let's say we have a couple of little hoppers, some flint, some arrows, and some apples. You know, we just came back from our mining trip. We fought some skeletons, got some arrows, also had some food along with us. But now we just kind of want to go ahead and store it. So let's go in and put all of our items in here, because we don't really need to use them at the moment. So yeah, there they are in the chest. They're just sitting there, you know, like any other item. And yeah. So now we go ahead and walk away. And then our friend comes and says, hey, I'm going to go ahead and take some of your stuff, if you don't mind. So they look at the chest to get back their items. And they're like, where'd it go? Well, as you can see, they were all passed through this hopper and into this new chest. So your friend is now able to take the items in the chest and steal them from you. So yeah, this is a more of a prank. But it's still used for a hopper nonetheless. If you just want to mess around with the hoppers and your next redstone creation, then this could be your next redstone creation. And you could also get a prank out of the way with it as well, which is pretty cool. So let's go ahead and move on to the next one. So this one is called the Minecart App to Here. So let's say we have a minecart in a chest and we have this little rail system over here. So let's say we have a couple of pieces of redstone, some torches and some buckets, you know, because we were mining, we got some redstone, we needed some torches. And I also was carrying a few buckets along with me because I forgot to put those away before. But now let's go ahead and open it up and put some stuff into the chest that's in the minecart. So now, as you can see there in the minecart chest, let's go to push the button. They will dump all the items into the hopper and it will come right back. And as you can see, the redstone was dumped into the hopper. You may need to do this a few times, depending on how many items you have. It may need to go back up for it a couple times, but it's still pretty simple, you know? All it does is go pass through the hopper, drop it into the chest and then you're good to go. So yeah, it's pretty simple. Now, next up what we have here is we have the gambling machine. So basically you can't gamble for items using a hopper, which is pretty cool. So let's go grab some emeralds and some latvis and we'll go ahead and boot this thing up. So let's test your luck. So first we have to insert an emerald into the dropper, but we'll then go into the hopper to allow us access. So we'll only work with emerald, so it may be good, maybe bad, try and see. So let's go ahead and push the button. And what do we get? What do we get? We got a poisonous potato. Ew, that's gross. I got really bad luck there. Yeah, let's try this again. Maybe this time we'll have a better luck, right? Second time the charm, maybe, maybe. Oh, we got a cowboy. Wow, I'm really not having any luck today. Let's go ahead and third time the charm, maybe, right? Third time the charm, third time the charm. Come on, come on, let's do it. Another poison in the potato. Oh my gosh, my luck is terrible today. But at least we were able to try and get some stuff out of it. So as you can see here, this is all of the reds on the goes into it. So there are two hoppers, one for the emerald to go through and then a hopper to take the item out of the chest and see which one you will get. So yeah, this is pretty cool. You can chest you luck. So let's go ahead and put all these items back into the chest and let's go ahead and move on to the next redstone creation. So this one is a pulse lover. So basically what it does is basically so the dropper here has or dispenser sorry has a water bucket in which will dispense water. So the redstone that goes into this is really, really simple. So you have a dropper with a piece of redstone, drop it with a piece of redstone, it drops the redstone into the hopper and then it ignites all the reds and umperials. We get a better look of it if you go up here of how it works. So yeah, all the redstone goes into that thing. So like basically insert that you push the button, push the lever, someone the lever is on, it will put the redstone into it and stuff and it will pass on there. So yeah, it's pretty cool. Pretty cool. It's one of the more like one of those useless ones that you really don't use in Minecraft, but yeah, it's there. You know, if you want to take a shower, you want to quick shower, it's there for you. So any hero luck to go ahead and move on to the next one, which is a hopper clock. So there is a red piece of redstone in the dropper and guess what happens when we press the button, as you can see, it will put the redstone into all of the hoppers and it will continue to light up all of the comparators, which is pretty awesome. So that you don't even have to actually place the redstone. All it's doing is just going around the hopper as you can see. It's going in and out of the hopper, but it's still lighting up all of them, which is pretty awesome. So yeah, this is if you don't want like all the redstone and stuff to be around here, and you just want there to be four simple hoppers, and you only want a piece of redstone too. So that's pretty cool if you don't have any more. So when order to stop it, you basically have to try catching the redstone. There we go. It's pretty easy to catch the redstone. So that's that basically how you stop it. If you don't want it to go anymore. So next up is the auto furnace, which a lot of you are familiar with. So yeah, let's go ahead and grab some chicken, grab some coal. And yeah, so basically the chicken gets passed through the top hopper and into the top of the furnace, and then the field is placed into the bottom hopper and into the furnace through the bottom. As you can see, it's connected through the bottom. And then the input gets placed from the furnace into the hopper and into the output chest over here. So let's go ahead and try it. Let's go put a couple pieces of chicken in there and put a couple pieces of coal in there. And as you can see, the furnace is doing its thing. So the furnace is filling up with some field that I put in there as well as the chicken that apparently has already gone in there. And yeah, we don't even have to, we don't even have to click it. All we do is sit there and wait for stuff to happen and we'll all end up in this chest, which is pretty awesome. So you don't have to always like stand by the furnace to get what you want. Anyway, let's go ahead and move on to the next one, which is an item collector. So let's go ahead and enable it. So let's say we have a bunch of dropped items around the, around the minecart system. So basically the hopper in a minecart, let's go ahead and tap it. So the hopper in the minecart basically picks up all of the items in its path, comes right back, drops them into the other hopper over here. And they are all being put into the chest, which is pretty straightforward. So all you need is some droppers, some rails, a hopper in a minecart, another hopper, chest, and you're pretty good to go. So let's go ahead and try that. Once again, a bunch of dropped items, hopper in the chest goes and picks them all up, comes right on back, puts it into the hopper and all ends up in the chest for us. It's a pickup whenever we need them. So yeah, pretty awesome. Anyway, let's go ahead and move on to number eight, which is a key card lock. So as you can see, we have a right key card, we have a wrong key card, and we have a broke and key card. So basically, you have to tell the difference between them. So let's say we put the correct key card in, all we do is press the button and as you can see, the door opens. But if we go ahead and put in a, that's a green one, it will not open, because that would obviously be the wrong one. So let's go ahead and put it in the correct one and see what redstone goes into this. So as you can see, there is an item hopper over here, which has some stuff. And as you can see, the correct one is in there. So basically, going to that one, if it's correct, and then if it's correct, it will set off this item hopper for this comparator over here, and then it will do all of this and open the door, which is pretty cool. So yeah, another super cool use for hoppers, if you want to lock your doors professionally. And let's go ahead and move on to the next fun one. So this is basically an egg par. So when the chicken dies, the chickens will, the like drops will go into the hoppers and then end up in this chest. Of course, when they lay eggs as well, they will all go into the chest. So we basically just have to wait for one. It's basically you're playing the waiting game here where you just have to wait for one to lay an egg and we'll go into the hoppers and be blessed with this chest. You get the idea. You know how hoppers work right now, hopefully. So yeah, anyway, let's go ahead and move on to the last and final redstone creation, which is the item sorting system. Now I tend to wear review on a map of this earlier, but or like a drawing designer, point 14 beta, but this is just a more simpler version of it. So as you can see, I have a couple of items in here that need to be sorted. So as you can see, this is where the diamonds go. This is where the iron goes. This is where the gold goes, the emeralds and the quartz go. So Missa Laney's items and we also have a chest over here. So let's go ahead and grab some of these items. So let's have grabs diamonds. Now we just finished the mining trip and then we also did some farming as well, but I forgot to put some of those away. All this junk of diamond tree that I basically need to store. So let's go ahead and put them all into this chest here and then they'll be distributed through the hoppers. They'll see where they need to go. And then if they went into the proper place, then it will be good to go. So yeah, just because they're passing them through the hoppers and the diamonds are in there. And the hoppers are, or the iron is in here, the gold in here. So yeah, basically redistributing all of them, which is pretty cool. And then of course, the Missa Laney's items will go into this chest over here. So as you can see, we have a bunch of items that we weren't organized and we all went into a separate chest. So yeah, that's basically 10 hop uses in Minecraft Pocket Edition. I do hope you enjoyed. If you have, a rating will be much appreciated. Subscribe to the channel if you have it already. For daily buying craft pocket edition content, the map down below will be in the description for you for you to go ahead and check out for yourself. So yeah, thanks for watching. I'll see you all next time.