 What's up guys, alright right at the Green Point project. We installed the crown molding now. The ceiling was done by the existing contractor. We're here doing a trim and doing some odds and ends. As you can see right here, there's a huge belly in the ceiling. Obviously our crown has to stay straight. We can't twist, you know, sometimes you can cheat a little bit, but we're not gonna twist the crown to follow the ceiling. So, how do I fix that? This is how I fix it. I get blue tape. Now you can cool it, but that's about a half inch belly, which is pretty big. We're not gonna rip the ceiling down, we're not gonna reframe the ceiling, so I'm gonna feather it in. This is how I do it. I take blue tape, I go from zero because you're gonna feather it in, and you take the blue tape and you put it right on the top of your crown molding. Right on the top edge. Now some guys might cork this, but keep cork it. You're gonna have so much cork. You could also fill it with a strip of wood and then cork it. But the best way is to keep the reveal on the top of the crown molding continuous, which is important. Now if I push this in, it's gonna raise, it's gonna pull the bottom off the wall. So I definitely want this to stay tight. So you got about a half inch cap there. So what I'll do is sometimes you can make a ring with compound filled with water with the plaster inside and you can do it in sections. I wanna do it fixed. So what I'll do is I'll take the compound, I'll just make a little circle on a piece of back and piece of sheet rock, right? We can circle on the sheet rock. I take a handful of plaster Paris sprinkling on top. Decent amount. Now I wanted to dry fast right away so I could give it two coats. So I sprinkled a plaster Paris on a decent amount. Now you could mix 20 minute in a bucket with the mixer quick, but I do it just as fast with this and this right to control how much I need or how much I want. Sometimes when you mix it in a bucket, you know, it dries so fast and you don't have enough time. So as you can see, I got a lot of plaster in here. I'm not a, I want it dry. I don't want it so I could build it up the first coat. I don't want it all wet because then you could only build so much. So you mix it in good and then you just add a little water if you feel it mixes a little too dry. So I take a sponge, squeeze some water on top, keep mixing. Now this is going to dry probably about a minute. Once I get it completely mixed. Now like I said, you can, you can make a ring with the compound, put water in the center. And then you can whip it. You want it nice. Get all the lumps out. Clean a little bit of dry that's on you. Nice, get that in there. Get it to go. Now on your workstation, you want to keep it clean because you're next mix. You don't want all this dry stuff that's going to dry as you're working to get in your mix. So you want to clean the area off before you go and do your next, before you add a clean for my next mix, right? Poor look, it's already, look at this. It's already almost dry in. So now what I'll do is, I'll take my heatage. Now I know I got to go about a half inch in the center, right? So that's where I'll start. I take a decent amount, right? And I'll go from the blue tank out. Now the beauty about the plaster is, you could work it. As it's setting a little bit, you could still mold it. You could make it form. So that's here also. I'm going to take that down into there, right? Same over here. Right? Same over here. This dries so quick so you want to keep your tools clean as you're working with them because it's going to drain your tools and then you get a spread of time cleaning your tools. Look at this, it's almost dry already, but it's still sticky. Now I know the top of my blue tape is my guy but what I want to be right now, right? It's a natural illusion. As a blind eye. Now this is first built. Now this is just giving it a build up, right? You don't want to make it give it too much, because you're always there. You take it off and you got to sand and you don't want to have to sand too much. So that's the build up there, right? Now what I want to do is I want to feather it out a little bit more because you don't want this bump in the middle of your ceiling. So now I'm going to feather it because the wider you go, the less obvious it's going to be. Now in your mix, I'm going to make sure you get all the lumps out because the lumps, I'm going to screw you up. So what I'm doing is I just built a little ramp, a little ramp, see this bump right here? I actually did a little piece of paper in the back of the drive hole that got stuck in there. So another thing about the flex screw is, which is good, is you can watch it, it can be worked. So now that I'm setting a little bit, I could mold it, a piece of plate, like clay, it can be molded. So, clean your knife. Nice and smooth, nice and smooth, see? Now this is just first mold, but now this would be drying about not even five minutes, 10 minutes, and then I'll put a compound, regular compound, and then I'll put a compound and then I'll put a compound and then I'll put a compound regular compound, when nothing ended, I'll put my compound. So, as you can see, I go from zero, headwinds down to zero, I came out a little bit. Yeah. So here's that same wall, we filled in the half inch, we'll give it a light sand and we'll get primed, but you see how it was feathered out to here, and you can't see that there's, we brought the ceiling down.