 We're going to have our own version of the Mama Odie bottle tree on the farm. That's from a Disney movie. There's a wonderful character named Mama Odie and she lives in this tree and they have bottles all over the place. So we're going to decorate this native persimmon, Texas persimmon right here with all these bottles. We have different bottles, different colors, different sizes. And I'm going to show you how I'm going to wrap the top and then we're just going to hang them all over the tree. So first I'm going to take a cork and these corks were purchased from a rumoured cell but they can be picked up at a hobby store. So I'm just going to push it in and the only concern really is to keep the water out when it rains. So then I'm going to take a piece of baling wire and I'm just going to kind of figure on a leaf there. And I'm going to pretty much bend it in half. And I'm going to bend edges out like this. I'm just going to lay it in place for now because I'm going to take this other wire. And this is wire that I have had in the shed so I didn't buy wire. I'm going to use what I have. So I'm just going to take the wire here and I'm going to wrap it around the bottom of this lip. And a few times. And this skinny wire is the wire that comes on the binding of chicken fence. So I just took it off when I took the chicken fence apart and when I unrolled it to use the chicken fence. So hopefully this is enough to hold this larger wire in place. I'm just going to fold it up and wrap it around itself. So there's a bottle. There's bottle number one hanging in the tree. And I just took the hook. Try to get it in focus there so you can see it. Wrap a piece of wire around it like an S hook and then I folded the S pieces together and just wrapped it around itself. And that's one pretty bottle. When it's complete I'll show you the rest. To finish off the mama Odie video I've been waiting for a good time where the sun is peeking through, shining through the bottles. And this morning is just perfect at rain last night so everything's a little moist. And this sun is just beautiful coming through the trees reflecting off the bottles. Well that's our mama Odie tree. That's our bottle tree. It's just for a little fun, a little whimsical fun on the farm.