 Hi, I'm Holly Silva and I've been a craft expert for 15 years. Today I'm going to show you how to decorate small craft boxes. Here I have a craft box. It opens on one side, as you can see, and it's a nice sturdy box. Now I also have some onion skin paper. What I'm going to do with this is wrap it like a present, except I'm going to make sure that we have a free edge to cover the opening part. The little trap door, if you will. Where you hide all of your wonderful little treasures that you use to make your crafts with. Now what we do is grab some double stick tape, open the box, line this up even less so that you can fold it over. Now you want to fold the edge over as much as you possibly can, open the flap and add a piece of double stick tape here to the corner. That should secure it well. And do the same for the rest of the edges. Now you're going to continue to do that for the remainder of the box. I'm just going to show you just a little idea here of how it's going to look. But if it's not perfect, that's okay. It doesn't have to be because we're going to cover it with lots of wonderful things anyway. If it's not perfect, do not worry because we improvise here. Now that that's folding, you have a really pretty covering. Here I have a piece of ribbon. You can buy this ribbon by the spool or you can do like I did and take any type of ribbon that maybe you saved from a flower bouquet or anything like that. Because often we receive the most beautiful bouquets that have really cool ribbons wrapped around them and we don't want to throw them away. So here we have a use for them. So you want to, if you do add the ribbon on the outside, take your double stick tape and of course, leave a little bit on the corner that way you can wrap around the edge. Stick that to the onion paper, onion skin paper, and secure it nice and well there. And of course you will secure it on the underside. And then you wrap this over the entire box if you have enough. And keep a little extra that way when you go to fold it on the inside, you'll have enough to secure it. And it will be nice and sturdy for all the times that you open and close the box. Now open your box. Take another double piece of double stick tape, a single piece of double stick tape and place it on the inside of the box there. Over the top. Add any other really cool little embellishments. Add some rhinestones, add some flowers even. Add some feathers, add anything that you like. Stickers, fun stuff. Make it wonderful because it's yours or if it's for a gift, it's going to be somebody else's and they're going to love it just as much as you do. So have a great time with it. See you next time.