 Hey guys, welcome back to my channel and thank you so much for watching. In today's video, I'm going to be showing you how I made this Jurassic World themed cake, so let's get right into it. Today's video is going to focus more on the decorating of the cake. I'm just going to quickly zoom through me icing, covering it, and fondant. If you would like to see a more in-depth tutorial on how to do that, I will just link a couple of my previous videos below and you can check those up. To start out, I'm going to make my T-Rex head. I have the template that I made for myself. I will link the image below as well as everything else I've used in the video if you're interested in that info. I'm rolling out some light brown fondant that I added a smidge of black too, so it was kind of like a topy color, and I'm going to cut the entire head out using my exacto knife. I've cut away the neck part of my template, and I'm going to place that back down on my fondant and with my fondant tool, I'm going to mark where that line is, and then using my finger, I really want to work to blend that down. The goal here is to make it look a little more 3D, so like the head is before the neck. Next, I'm going to cut the mouth out of my template, and then again, just mark that line. Instead of smoothing that down, I'm actually just going to cut that out entirely. I've rolled out some light pink fondant and I'm going to place my head on top of that and then use that mouth part of the template just to cut that out. With my exacto knife, I'm going over most of the lines on my mouth, not really paying attention to the teeth because I'm going to add those in after, so I just want to make sure I get the gum line in there, so it's not super important to go around every single tooth because that would take forever. Once I was done marking the lines out, I just went over them again with my fondant tool just to deepen them. The mouth was a little bit tricky. I did use another picture of a T-Rex head, and again, I will link that below, and I just kind of used my best judgment to smooth down whatever lines I needed to make it look like the mouth had more depth. So the very corner there, that little flap of skin or whatever that is, I wanted to make sure that really stood out. Shading later on is going to help you a lot with that, but just for the step, you want to pay attention to the way the mouth looks when it's open, which pieces are more forward and which pieces are more in the back of the mouth. I rolled out a darker shade of pink and then cut out the tongue and just use my template to make sure I got that in the right spot. Next, I'm going to use my template to mark out some of the details on the head, specifically where like the top of the head is separated from the snout, so just that main line, and then smoothing it down so where the top of his head is going to look like it's set back a bit. The only other details I'm really going to try and define are where his eye is going to go, as well as his two nostrils. At this point, I want to add some texture. I don't really have any texture mats that would be small enough for this, so I'm going to use some piping tips, and all I'm doing really are creating a bunch of circles, larger ones for the neck portion, and then smaller ones for the majority of his head, they kind of overlap a bit if you just do a bunch of circles that are basically side by side, it looks a little bit odd, but you can kind of create a scale effect this way. Once I was done with the texture, I added a white ball of fondant for his eye, and then with a little sneaky of that brown fondant, I just went around each nostril. Now using the reference photo that I was looking at, I just did my best to create some of the facial features, framing around the eye, adding scales to the top of his head, using my fondant tool to blend them down and kind of jagged up the shapes, you don't want to have scales that are all perfectly round. I just kind of winged this part so you can really do anything that you think looks good. I added some larger scales around his face, and then redefined any areas that I might have pressed a little too hard and taken away that scaly look. Now it was time for shading, I have some brown, black, and red color dust, and using a couple different fluffy brushes, I'm just going to start with some brown, basically a light dusting of this all over the face if you get some in the mouth, no big deal. I mixed together my black and brown, and used that to shade like underneath where the chin is to give it a little more depth, and basically any of the areas that are going to have shadows, so right underneath the top of the mouth, and all the little nooks and crannies of the face. For the mouth, I mixed together red, brown, and a little bit of black, and really what you want to focus on is keeping the gum parts, so right in the very corner, the gum line going down, and then the other corner, you want to keep that a little more of like a ready brown color, and then right back where the tongue is going down, you want to get that as dark as possible so it looks like the tongue is coming out of his mouth. You can see I was packing on the black color dust trying to get the back of the mouth as dark as possible so it looks dusty, but eventually after I had packed on a couple of layers, I got it as dark as I wanted to be. I went dark around the tongue as well, and then I used some rose color dust from Rolcom, just to highlight the gums and the center of the tongue, just to make them look a little more puffy. I darkened around the eye, and then added a little black ball for the people, and with more of that brown fondant, I just framed the eye, and then used my fondant tool to blend it down a bit. For his teeth, I used my template to mark in where everything was going to lay down. I just used a little bit of water to attach everything on this face, but if you wanted you could use a little bit of shortening or some edible glue. I rolled out a bunch of these little tear drop shapes, and then generally used larger ones for the top of the mouth. So this is what he looked like with all of his teeth, and then I placed him on the top tear with a little bit of shortening. To make the front gate, I used a little template I made for myself in this rectangle shape, and I cut that out using my exact one-afe, and then scored in a bunch of lines going all the way across. They weren't even on either side, but that was totally fine because it's going to be covered. I rolled out more brown fondant and then just lightly pressed in with my wood green embossor. Not too deep, I just want like the suggestion of wood green. I cut out some strips of that and then set those aside to firm up a little bit. I rolled out some gray fondant to create concrete pillars that are on either side of the door. I used my template as a guide to get the right size, and I just completely eyeballed this based off of a photo I was looking at. There's three pillars for each side, and they all sloped down like in an a-line. I just cut one and then use that one as a reference to get the exact same size for the other side. It's a little bit hard to explain, but hopefully watching me, you'll get it. You can see I've added the door to the front, and I'm going to use these strips of brown fondant that I cut out to frame them. Again, just using the reference photo to get the right placement, and I just used a little bit of water to stick these in place. I added the tallest pillars to either side while they still had a little moveability, and then layered the other ones on top. Hopefully this gives you a better visual of the pieces that I cut out. Again, I just completely eyeballed them, trying to get that like gradient of largest to smallest. You can see some texture on them. I just scrunched off a piece of parchment paper and just like stab them a bunch of times. You could also use some tinfoil. Once I had all three pieces down, I used some darker gray fondant to cut out the little squares that are going to be the holders for the torches. With more of my black color dust and a fluffy brush, I'm going to shade over the lighter gray parts, just deepening where the lines of each one of them meet. You can see I've got some darker blotches on there, and I just blended those out really well because I didn't want it to be too dark. I mixed together some orange and yellow fondant, not completely, so it was kind of marbled, and then rolled out these teardrop shapes for the flames. I decided I liked the look better of the middle of the door being separated a bit, so I just used my knife to kind of jimmy those apart and then added more black color dust into the center of that. To make the logo for the gate, I used my door template and then cut that down using this cup as a guide and left that little piece at the bottom just to add more stability. I cut that out of gray. I used two actually just in case I goofed up for the first one, and then I made a little teeny tiny template of the logo and cut that out of white. I did not have the patience to cut out all the little letters, so I mixed together some blue food coloring with some white food coloring just to make a little more opaque and then just did my best to draw the logo on there. I let that sit for a few minutes to firm up and then added it to the front just right above my door and I used some shortening to hold that in place. To make the volcano, I'm using the same color as the teeny back's head, and then I'm rolling that out into a volcano-y shape. You can really do whatever you want. I'm using my balling tool to create a opening in the top, and then with my fondant tool, I'm marking in texture all off the sides and pulling some pieces down so that's not perfectly circular on the bottom. Here it is on top of the cake. This was the final shape that I settled with. To paint my volcano, I mixed together some black, a little teeny tiny bit of yellow and some white food coloring to create gray, and then I brushed that all over the whole thing. For the next layer, I added a little bit of green to some white food coloring and stippled that all over, and then I added a darker shade of green and then a darker shade of green. I made ganache to make the lava coming out of my volcano. I'm going to leave the recipe that I use below, and I colored each one using the food gels that I have shown here. I want them to be more on the thicker side, so I didn't add quite as much cream as the recipe calls for. I just eyeballed this. I started by spooning the red ganache in first. I just filled up the middle and then gently guided the drips, and I added some orange on top of that, and then with a skewer, I just marbled that together. To make my jungle plans, I rolled out some light green fondant and then cut out this leafy shape, use my fondant tool to score the center, and then with my example knife, I just cut a bunch into the side. I like the way this looks because when you peel it up, you can see the leaves kind of separate and it looks a little more natural. To make my moss, I have some darker green fondant that I'm rolling out into a lump shaped kind of. It looks like a pickle. Then I used my fondant tool just to stab at a bunch of times and make this texture. I added the moss and the leaves using a little bit of water, and then just curled some of the leaves over just so they didn't all look exactly the same. As a final step, I added the train track that would be going through the gates, so just cut away the sides of my grey fondant and then add it a strip down the center. And this was a final result, guys. I hope you enjoyed this cake. I will admit that I am a bigger fan of the classic Jurassic Park movies, but I do love Chris Pratt, so I will see you in the next one. Thank you so much for watching and I will see you in the next one.