 No Hey guys, welcome back to Bamboo Girls Cafe. Today we are going to begin our life in the kitchen, honey. We are going to be making homemade bingeyes. If you are from the dirty South, like New Orleans and Mobile, then you know exactly what I'm talking about. Bingeyes are delicacy down in the deep South for Ed. We like to have them in the morning, noon, night, no matter we eat bingeyes all the time. These things are so delicious. They are fridge donuts loaded with lots of powdered sugar. So if you're interested in seeing how it's about to go down today here at Bamboo Girls Cafe, then definitely stay tuned in. Hey guys, so we're back. So we're going to talk about some of the ingredients we're going to be using today to make these homemade bingeyes. So the first thing you're going to need to make two eggs. And I like to use brown eggs. You're going to need some shortening, some salt. And you're also going to need some vanilla, some evaporating milk. You're going to need lots of flour. You're going to need some sugar. You're going to need water. You're also going to need a thermometer to make sure that the water is not too hot so it does not kill the geese. And you're going to need one package of dry active yeast. You're also going to need a deep fire or a cast iron skillet with a lot of cooking oil. So I'll be back in a second to show you guys how it gets started making these homemade bingeyes. Okay guys, so we're back and we have our water that has been heated up. And you want to make sure your water is between 105 and 115. Because if it's too hot, it will kill the geese. So you're going to go ahead and pour the water into the bowl. Then you're going to go ahead and add in the dry active yeast. Make sure you add all of the dry active yeast into the warm water. Then you're going to add a few pinches of sugar. And the reason you want to do this because the sugar is going to help the geese to take off. And then you just want to give it a good mix up. And then you just want to make sure you just mix it in really well. And then at that point, you want to let this sit in from 8 to 10 minutes until the yeast has bloomed. Hey guys, so we're back and right now our yeast and water has already started to bloom. So what we're going to do now is go ahead and we're going to beat our eggs together. And we're going to go ahead and add in the rest of the... And we're just going to give this a good mix together. Now you can use a stand mixer or a hand blender if you have a bread hook. But I don't really think that is necessary. So I just like to give this all a good mix together and get the eggs and the sugar and cork raven really well. And then you need to go ahead and add in your whole can of evaporated milk. And I like to use the canned milk. You can make your own evaporated milk. But that takes a little bit too long. So just go ahead and buy this stuff in the store. So I'm going to give this all a good whisk together. And I just want to make sure that the eggs and the sugar have all mixed in very well with the canned milk. So now that we have this done, we're going to set this to the side. And we're going to go ahead and start adding half of our flour to this bowl. Until we get it all mixed in to the right consistency. And you just want to add in a little bit at a time. And when you're using yeast, you never want to add the salt on top of the yeast and the sugar. You always want to get most of your ingredients mixed in and then you want to go in in the salt. So now what we're going to do is we're going to take half of the mixture with the egg, the milk and the sugar. And we're going to go ahead and pour it over in there. And we're going to set that to the side for a second. And then we're going to take the shortening and add it in with the condensed milk and the sugar, the what's left in the bowl. And you're just going to break it up. And because you want to make sure that it gets broke up into small chunks before you add in to the flour. So you can see right here that it's all mixed in. And then we're going to go back and we're going to add in the mixture in the eggs and the milk. And the flour. And this is really sticky right now, but it is going to come together. So we're going to add in a little bit more flour. And at this point you're going to start mixing with your hands. And this is a very sticky batter so you need to be prepared to make a little bit of a mess. I'm sorry guys, my sister's calling me. So now we're going to go ahead and add in the rest of the mixture that has the shortening and the egg rest of the egg mixture in there. And we're just going to keep giving it a turn and then we're going to add in the rest of the flour. And once you get this all mixed in, we're going to take it and then we're going to put it on the counter and we're going to knead it. And it's almost mixed together. And like I said, this is a really sticky dough. And if you've ever made bread before or pastries, you'll know that sometimes the dough is sticky, but don't be afraid if the dough is really sticky on this one because it's going to be because these are a very light puff pastry. And your arms are going to get tired so be prepared. So once you see it starting to come together, as you can see right here, you'll know that you've done everything the right way. You just want to keep mixing it and make sure you get everything mixed in really well. I'll be back in a second when I show you guys how you want to go ahead and knead the dough. All right guys, so now we're back and we're going to go ahead and get ready to knead the whatever starch you're going to use. You want to make sure you put a clear flower down then you want to get some flower on your hand so that the dough doesn't stick and you want to just take it and put it on the counter. And this dough is going to be really tacky. So don't be afraid. And we're just going to knead this for about three to four minutes because you don't want to knead it too long or it will start to get tough and your been yeas will not be soft. So what you want to do is start by pushing it and pulling it and pushing it and pulling it. And as you can see the more you need it, the more it's going to start to come together. So don't be afraid. A little bit of the flower and just keep going through the same process. So you want to turn. And we're almost done kneading it. As you can see it's starting to come together. And y'all this is a workout. I'm over here. I'll break y'all. This is not easy. And it's been a really long time since I've made any type of bread product too. So I'm really out of shape when it comes to doing this. All right guys. So now we have it all together. And I'm going to show you how to prepare the bowl. I'll be back in one second. All right guys, so we're back. So since we're going to be using vegetable to fry the been yeas, but I'm going to coat this pan really lightly with some oil. And then I'm going to put the been yeas in the bowl. So what you want to do is just take a little bit and just put it on your hands about that much. And just rub it around in the bottom of the bowl. You don't want to put too much. You just want to put enough so that the dough does not stick to the inside of the bowl. Yeas. And this dough, you're going to need a little bit more. This dough is going to rise really, really big. It's going to sit for two hours. Now because I don't have a cloth, I'm going to just put a pin. And that will be fine. But you need to let it poof for about two hours. And then you're going to punch it down, roll it out. And we're going to come back and fry off the been yeas. So heat it about them. And you just want to press it down into the bowl. And let her sit for two hours. And paste and paper towels on top. You don't have to keep messing with it and checking in and poking at it. Just leave it alone and let it rise for two hours. And everything will be fine. So I'll see you guys back here in a little bit. All right, guys. So we are back. And the dough is hooked. It is ready. It is doubled in size. And this is what it looks like, guys. Yeas. We've got the had been yeas y'all. So now we have our rolling pin. This is not a weapon. Although it makes a great weapon when somebody pushes you off and you're teaching. And we have a little flower. And we're going to best the counter. And now we just got to go ahead and remove it from the bowl. I'm going to put a little bit of flower on top. I'm going to push it down. And now we're going to roll it out. Okay, guys. I'm going to try to get it at a better angle so you guys can see the dough. So you want to roll the dough to about a inch and a half before you cut it. And you want to cut it out in squares. And now I'm so short. I'm going to show you how to cut it in one second. I'm going to go ahead and turn the dough the way I need it. And then I'm going to show you how to cut it. Okay, so what you want to do is turn the dough the way you need it turned. Roll it one more time. And then I'm going to just take my knife and go down the side so I can even it out. I'm going to sit that to the side because I can re-roll that. And you want to make sure they're all the same size. All right. So what we're going to do now is we're going to cut these into squares. So you want to cut the long way first. And then you want to cut them into squares. You can make them as small as you want. Put a little bit of flour on my knife so it doesn't get cold. And these are the sides that the beanies are going to be. All right. So now we're going to cut off the next row. And you want to try to cut them as even we as possible. And they should be about this size. And they should be about this size. And then I'm going to show you how to fry them off. All right guys. So we are about to get ready to start frying these beanies. Our grease is up to 375. So now what I'm going to do is go ahead and start placing a few of them into the hot oil. And you don't want to put too many in there because they're going to need space. All right guys. I'll be back in a second to show you what they look like. All right guys. So we are going to show you what they look like. So they're starting to fry. And you want to keep basting them with the oil. And as you can see they're starting to fry. Now when they're golden and brown on both sides they are done. And I already have a plate with a paper towel ready to go. And once these get done we're going to take them out. And we're going to let them drain for a few minutes. And then we're going to go ahead and fry off the rest of them. Now if you look over here you guys can see that I have some more signal to the side. And if you make too much dough which these really make a lot you can freeze the rest of it. So come back over here so we can finish cooking them in the years. All right guys as you can see they puff up really quick. And you just want to keep basting them with oil. Be really careful not to burn yourself. Like I said you need to make sure your oil is at 375. And these are done. So we're going to go ahead and take them out. All right so now we're going to go ahead and place the second satan. And be really careful when you're doing this. There you go. And you want to watch them really close. Because they are going to cook really quick. And then you just want to keep basting them with the oil so that they all cook evenly. And when the other side gets golden brown we're going to go ahead and flip it. And as you can see this is what they look like once they're fried. They smell so good you guys. I'm going to start with what I'm going to flip the little early. But that's okay you just flip it back over. And you guys they smell so good. So now we're going to start flipping them because they're getting golden. And we're going to continue doing the basting method. These are so good you guys they smell so good. Oh my god. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. I know it's a little bit all over the place. But I really wanted to get this out to you guys. I feel like I owe you guys some awesome videos for hanging out with me when I haven't really been around that much. But we're going to favorite dishes from home. So that side needs a little bit more. We're going to start flipping a little bit more again. Oops that would never want to flip y'all. All right. Just checking the other side of them. All right guys so these are done. Get one out at a time. Oops. That's a little fat one right there. All right. So that one's done. Get that one out. Flip this one and let it get a little bit more golden on the other side. And this is really good for like if you're having like a tea or you're having some friends over. And you want to do some kind of fancy. The binyes are actually a bit of a hit girlfriend. So I hope you guys have enjoyed seeing this process. I'm going to go ahead and finish trying up the rest of the binyes. Then I'm going to show you how to add the pot of sugar to them. And how to plate them up really nice and quick with some fresh strawberries. See you guys that can a second. All right guys so we're back and we are going to go ahead and show you how the binyes look. So they are all fried. So what I'm going to do now is I want to take them and place them in the bowl. They're still warm. Oh! And I'm going to pour in. I'm going to sift in some hot. A lot of it. So you just want to sift it over the dough. I'm about to say doughnuts which they are doughnuts. But you just want to sift them over. And there you go you guys. Those are what the binyes are going to look like. Isn't that awesome? That is... Oh my god. I got to move some of them around. So that is it you guys. That is what homemade binyes look like. And we're going to plate them up. All pretty. With a tub of strawberries. And this is how I like to serve my binyes. So I hope you guys enjoyed this video. And I will see you guys here in a few minutes to tell you guys. Goodbye. Alright guys. So I'm back again at the end of the video. I just want to say thank you all for tuning in here at Bama Girl Cafe. I really enjoy sharing this recipe with you guys. I love binyes. I've always had a little affair with them. I have always had a little affair with me. So with that being said to all of my new subbies. I want to say thank you guys for tuning in here at Bama Girl. And to all of my old subbies who have been hanging out with me here from day one. I want to say thank you guys for continuously coming back. With all that being said, remember, food is love. I love you guys. And I'll see you guys back here in a couple of days. You