 So we're taking that source today to start teaching her how to take a bit. She's got a really, really gentle. We're just going to start to slip our finger in her mouth here. And right there, I'm just going to stay committed to keeping my finger in there. Right here, we can get her to settle. There, she kind of softened herself, and then I took my finger out. Okay, good. I mean, that first time she'd ever had a finger in her mouth, she kind of panicked a little bit. But the first time she kind of submitted to that, right there, away there. And she got quiet. I was kind of hang on to that knot and kind of blocked it from hitting the space here, to add her. Give my finger in here just a little bit, rub her tongue a little up, and come out as soon as she gets quiet. I'll let her think on that, how smart she is. Now just slip my finger back in here, always turn your face away so you don't get hit right in the mouth. There. You don't want to broken nose or broken eye socket or something. Just slip your finger in. Good. Get you all settled for it. And then just, when she kind of gets quiet, relax, take it out. So that's smart she is. Always let your horse kind of think in between sessions there. Finger, turn your face away. Rub, rub, wait. Here she got quiet, I just slipped it out. So then what I'll do is put some tracker here for seconds. Start to encourage her. I'm going to put my finger in. You come a little bit to the left. You come a little bit low. There. I'll keep my finger out there. Good. Get her how smart she is. Slip that finger in there, keep your face protected. You come a little bit with just a light little effort. Down a little bit. There. Good girl. Good girl. Asks her again. Finger. Check your face. Come left. Lower just a little. Sit. Good girl. Always be careful. They don't grab your finger with their tongue and pull it up into the mouth. So right about now will be the very first time she's ever seen the bit. So I like to straddle her face and bring the bit right up under her chin. Trade hands. Reach down. Reach in with my finger on the other side and encourage her to take the bit. Asks her to come a little bit left and a little bit low. There. I'll let her spit it out right there. I'll repeat that a couple of times. Good straddle her face. Come up under her chin. Trade hands. Reach across. Encourage her to take the bit. Encourage her to come left and low. And let her spit it out right there. Always kind of help her sit it out so you don't bang around the teeth. Look here she's trying to get her tongue around. Okay. The day will come you'll hope and especially on a smart horse like her. She'll start reaching to the left and low. And look at that she's trying to pick that up all on her own. And right there because she's so quiet about it. I'll just put it in set the bridal on her. Just let her kind of mouth on that a little bit. The first time I like to kind of take it up just a little bit tight. Just to discourage her to get the tongue over her. And we'll just let her kind of mess with that kind of thing. Go to a little groundwork.