 Hi guys, I'm Sung Kyung Long Gast. Welcome to A-shan at Ha. And today I'm going to show you how to make egg drops soup. This is super duper simple recipe but I decided to share because a lot of people are having her time with the technique of making this egg drop soup. So let's get started. First what you need to do is bring 4 and 1 half cups of chicken stock to boil. Meanwhile the chicken stock is boiling. We are going to make cornstarch water and this is what makes egg drop soup super silky and smooth and thickened. So you will need 4 and 1 half tablespoons of cornstarch. And 3 tablespoons of water. Combine them two together just like so and let's set aside. Now we are going to crack some eggs. You will need 3 eggs for this recipe. And season the egg with pinch of salt about 8 to 4 teaspoons and some white pepper. White pepper is a lot delicate flavor so I really love using white pepper for my egg drop soup. Let's beat the egg. You can use 4 or 5 whisk to beat the egg but this time I always use chopsticks and if you are same as me please give this video a thumbs up. All right my eggs are good to go. I'm just going to set aside right here and let's move on to the boiling chicken stock. Slowly pour the cornstarch mixture while you are stirring the soup. So this way you won't get any lumps. Bring soup back to boil and now stir the soup then slowly pour the beaten eggs. Count 5 seconds and slowly stir as a sub-climate. Bring back to boil. Season with salt and white pepper as you like. And that's about it. Oh my god my egg drop soup looks deep perfection to me. All right let's serve our egg drop soup into a serving bowl. I'm going to use some chopped green onions and tap tap you are done making the most the easiest soup in the world egg drop soup. Oh my god. You see how silky that is? You can add a little bit of ginger into it like a fresh grated ginger into it like maybe quarter teaspoon of it if you are making this for a person who is having a cold. If you want to make this egg drop soup a little more fancy or way then you can definitely go ahead and add maybe like lump crepe meat and a silicone tofu like little cube the up and add in. When you're making Asian milk at home and you have no idea what kind of a side dish you want to make and you don't want to spend too much time this is it. This is it because so easy so simple and everybody loves it. If you like my easy egg drop soup please give me a thumbs up and subscribe my channel for more inspirations and ideas of Asian home cooking. Thank you so much for watching me today and remember you can always cook Asian food at your house making it easy and fun. I'm Sun Kyung Long Gast and this is Asian at home and I will see you next time. Bye!