 Julia, what are you doing? Um, nothing. Is light homework? Yes. No, it's not. Give me your computer. Hi. Who? Now I have no distractions. Ha! Now I can use it! Hey guys, it's Julia. And I'm going to show you how to stay organized for back to school. I'm also going to be doing a little giveaway. Uh, this phone case called the erase case. And if you guys want to enter for a chance to win, all you got to do is comment down below what you would draw in this case. And if you don't know what to draw, you can also check out at the erase case on Instagram and get some ideas. So now on to how I stay organized. So first things first, when you get home from school, I think it's really important to grab a healthy snack to keep your energized and focus while you're studying. I personally really like to grab some fruit, especially watermelon, because it's so refreshing. Before I do any work whatsoever, I got to change out of my school clothes into something more comfortable like pajamas or sweats. And because I just can't do work if I feel like I'm trapped in jeans or something. Then I think it's good to take a few moments just to chill out, eat your snack, and maybe check your social media before you get into the work. But don't do this for too long because you could end up procrastinating and that's not good. So just throw your hair up and get to work. So I think it's really helpful when you're at school if you get a break or something to make it to do list of things you got to do when you get home. Or if you can't do it at school, right when you get home, just spread everything you got to do down. So then you can check it off as you go and feel like you're actually being productive. Typically I just like to write these lists and notice my phone, but I just got this case called the erase case. And I will link it down below for you guys to check out. But it's basically a dry resource. So I just like to write the list on my case now. So I can check it off as I go and it won't come off unless you spread the magical spread. I'm just kidding, it's not magical, but like it doesn't come off unless you spread the spread and then wipe it off. It's only $25 and I linked it in the description for you guys to check out. Then my most important tip is probably to plan out your studying and homework in a planner because if you don't, then you're going to be like, okay, what do I have to do? I can't remember. What did the teacher tell me? Oh right, I don't remember. Okay, let me text my friend. Oh, my friend doesn't remember. So it's really important that a planner so you can plan out your studying so you don't cram the night before. And you don't have to do any last bit projects. So I also like to color-coat the subjects of highlighter so it's like separated and you know which is which. And I don't know if you like highlighting things makes it more fun, but that's just a personal thing for me. So I have to stop from cramming and doing last bit of projects. I like to write my planner the nights that I'm going to study and for how long starting like maybe the week before. And what I'm going to do my projects and it's all written there so I actually will do it. So I think it's really important to organize your binders and folders by subjects so you have all your papers for each subject in order. You know what I mean? So I got these dividers from Avery and I just wrote what subjects they are. And I often just get lazy and don't put the papers in there, but it's really important to actually put your papers in there. So they're not lying around your backpack and they don't get lost or anything. Because that happens to me a lot and I'm trying to not do that this year. Make sure you stack up on pencils, pens, and paper because you don't want to be that one annoying kid and we all know a person like this who says, oh, can I borrow a pencil and then never returns it and you're like, you took my favorite pencil or that person sits next to you that's like, oh, can I borrow a piece of paper and then the next day they're like, can I borrow a piece of paper and then I keep doing that. Someone will like, oh my god. So something that I really struggle with and I'm going to assume that you guys really struggle with twos and journey and I right now is unplugging from technology. I constantly look at my phone and check my computer while I'm doing my homework. It's just like a problem. So I think it's better just to all together take your phone and computer and put it in another room. But if you can't do that because you're writing an essay or doing research, there's actually apps that will stop you from looking at social media. So you should download those. So to avoid forgetting anything important or scrambling to get your stuff ready and packed and ending up late for school is better just to pack up your backpack the night before so you can just grab it and go. I don't know about you but personally it takes me a while to pick up my outfit for school so I like to pick it up the night before. So that way if I am running late or don't have a lot of time I have my outfit there and I can just throw it on. So this isn't really a problem for me but I know it's a problem for most people and that is waking up in the mornings and sleeping through your alarm. So if you have that type of person set multiple alarms so if you sleep through one you'll wake up for the next and then once you're done all that you can just check everything off your list. And be done! Okay so that's all for this video. Thank you guys so much for watching and if you guys don't want summer to ever end like me and you just wanted to keep going and going forever then never have to start school up again. Then give this video a thumbs up because I feel like I'm not the only one that feels that way. And make sure you leave a comment down below and subscribe to put out new videos twice a week on Mondays and Saturdays. So make sure you check back in then and all my social media networking sites will be linked down below. So you can follow me there and review besties and chat it up. And if you want to see my previous video you can click on the screen or the link in the description and I will either see you in that video or my next video. So I will talk to you guys later. Bye!