 Hey, welcome to Viking Preparedness, I am Pastor Joe Fox. So this year the showfarian, some of them got a little creative and one brother made wine out of some persimmons that were growing out on the land and another brother made wine out of Welch's grape juice and it both turned out okay and so I've decided since you know the most high yah God the Lord gave us watermelons this year we're gonna try and make some wine I'm gonna try and make some wine with watermelons water melon wine and so if we can have grape juice wine persimmon wine and watermelon wine going on on the mountain we might we might have something I ordered this from Amazon it's a one gallon carboy or bottle whatever comes with a cork and this little gas stopper deal I've got some yeast that I got it's made for making wine red star yeast I bought that on Amazon some sugar a watermelon some trays a brand new funnel that I cut off with this knife by the way that I'm in the process of doing a series of clips and reviewing it's made by Shred it was only 15 dollars I bought it and I really thought it might not be very good but it's turning out to be great and wow right through this thing so I'm gonna use my knife and some cheese cloth type stuff yeah all right let's get started let me turn this off do something else come back kind of clear at the table clear to battle stations now I don't know what I'm doing all right I'm just gonna learn by doing this watermelon looks okay but you know you don't even know to cut into it so I guess we'll do that right now and I'm trying to save all the juice with some dirt on there and so I gotta be careful put this in here wow all right what do you think right here oh my goodness all right now don't you follow me all right cut this up I'll taste a little bit just to make sure we're dealing with something good here oh all right so I'm just gonna cut the pulp out let the juice run I'm not gonna use the rind um I know there's all kinds of things you can do with the rind say what I'm gonna do with it I feed it to my chickens and goats all right try and get the juice out of here score it set that like that cut this one out I hope you can see this I'm primarily making wine not shoot the video you know what I mean it's kind of hard to do both had people ask me how come you always show the women doing hard things you don't have pictures of the men like big and holes and using axes and stuff because when they're doing that I'm doing that I'm working I can't film all right cut this out hmm I might have to run in out in the garden look for another watermelon I thought this thing would just be like juicy juicy juicy it is juicy I mean look it's it's pouring juice but uh that's not looking like a gallon of juice you know what I mean all right just trying to get all the morsels out and the juice I had a friend who was a prison guard and he told me about prison hoot should make it in trash bags with like they'd get fruit from the commissary and sugar some yeast some it's smuggling a pack of yeast or something and they can make prison hooch all right hmm I guess I can cut it here it's not like it it's man this is a good watermelon look at that can you see that yum I hope the wine turns out doesn't ruin this watermelon you know what I mean because I would eat this watermelon in a second by the way I am doing a series of tasks with this knife I got it from Shred 15 bucks at Harbor Freight I like big knives and I thought for 15 dollars it's probably a piece of junk so far it's really nice I haven't chopped anything hard with it that test still has to come you'll be seeing a video on this eventually I'm just kind of using it in daily tasks wow all right let me cut the video so y'all don't get bored all right so I've got this big tub of chopped up watermelon right here and there's so much juice I'm gonna try and pour some of it off into this little pan here before I do the rest of it so let me tell me you don't want seeds in it I'm gonna have to pick some of these seeds out they're floating in there okay that's a nice red juice all right here let's see if you can see that oh red that neat all right back here there we go now can you see that pan yes all right now let's try and do this I know I'm in the way all right shoot I don't really need this part right now please don't fall all right hey I'm doing the best I can with what I got all right put this in here this is all very technical and specific I don't even know what kind of rag this is but it's clean all right that right there this right here don't spill the goodness awesome okay can we see that that's really red I mean I guess you'd think it would be right all right all right what about I do just had an idea ah that's food all right let me try something different I wait this right here now I'm trying to scoop the pulp into this. I don't know what I'm doing. Alright, now I'm going to squeeze this. See what happens. I did wash my hands. They have paint on them, but it's clean paint. That's working pretty good. Alright, put that there. This here. You can see, you might not be able to see me. That's okay. Alright. Oh yeah. Yeah, you can see. Alright, so that's a little bit of pulp. Let me see. I'm going to dump this pulp in this thing. Alright, here we go. I know, filming, staging, producers, what are you going to do? Alright. I will dump this pulp in here because I may have to use it again. Alright, now I'll put this in here. I'll scoop some more. Okay. Wrap it up. And start squeezing it out. And I'm not going to get close to a gallon of juice here. I might end up putting some of this pulp in there. Alright. This. Awesome. Alright, so I ended up using a watermelon in a half to get this much juice. This is less of the juice. I'm going to add some sugar to it. And then I was thinking about when they make wine, you know, when you read about it, they stomp on grapes and stuff. And so the grapes are left in there. So I went through and I saved some. I went through and picked some out without the seeds. Some of them mashed watermelon. I don't know. Like I said, I don't know what I'm doing. But I'm going to put this in there. I guess I'll just do it like this. I don't know if that feeds the yeast or what that does, but whatever, man. How are you going to get to the dregs if you don't have any dregs? Alright, so I'm going to put that in there. It's a very sterile process here at Sherfauer Mountain. Alright, but I did wash my hands. Alright, there we go. Now we'll do that. Now, wipe this off. Take this. Put that back in there. Let's try this. Don't you fall off. Alright, let's put some sugar in there to bring this up. Now this white poison that everybody says you shouldn't. Can you guys see me? That everybody says you shouldn't use. We'll just pour some of that in there. Bring in the volume up. That's probably enough, anything. Alright, now I've got a yeast packet. I think I'm going to have to stir this in a pot, so hold on. Alright, so I went and I got a pot. I'm going to pour this in the pot. I'm going to get all the sugar out. Alright, I want to stir this sugar up a little bit more. I didn't like it all sitting there on the bottom. I'm going to put my packet yeast in there. Five grams of yeast. I have no idea how much you're supposed to use. But there goes the yeast. Alright, stir this up with my handy-dry yeast. Oh yeah, it's a good thing I've stirred up the yeast. It's like little pieces in there. I see one white seed in there. The yeast didn't really stir up real good. But everything else did. There's a white seed. I'm going to be a little bit more. Alright, I'll work pretty good. Now, once more into the breach. Let's be careful out there. Oh, the pulp is clogging up my funnel. Alright, we'll be back. Alright, we're back. I got it in there. I just had to do a little bit of shaking and stuff. This right here, I got it with my kit. It's a little deal. The tube comes up. You put water in it right here. And then that lets the gas escape. But doesn't let anything go in your bottle. Because you know, you want to keep it sterile and whatnot. So I put that in there. I'm going to clean this bottle up. I'm going to put it in a cool place. And I'll probably give you little videos here and there as we get it going. A brother made his persimmon wine. I think it only took him a couple weeks. So I'm kind of excited. It's a beautiful color though, isn't it? Alright. Watermelon wine version 1.0. Here at Show Far Mountain. I'll see you up there. Just one more thing. You know, we could probably make jam out of this pulp. We could make fruit, you know, skins, whatever, roll-ups, kind of things. But I just painted my whole house in the last two days. I finished it up today. And my wife is making biscotti. And we're kind of tired. I need to take a bath. My day is done. I have culminated. And so look at this loveliness here. Chikon! Chikchikchikchikon! Come on! Come on! Come on! Here! They're coming. I'll show them to you in a minute. Here you go. Look at this loveliness. Do you think? Do you like it? It's good. Alright. There you go. Alright. There's the girls. Alright. Do the best you can with what you got, where you're at. I'll see you out there.