 Hello YouTube, W and J's handy down here. Today we'll talk about how to properly clean your rubber floor mats. We went up to the river for 4th of July and you see we brought back lots of nastiness in my truck. Basically I want to get this clean and back to the way it normally looks. However if you do this wrong you can stain or bleach out your mats and make them look really bad. So I'm going to show you a little trick to getting these clean and shiny and not hurt them. I like to take it out of the vehicle and then shake off all the dirt outside rather than letting it fall back into the carpet. Of course I'm just going to rinse it down. That'll get most of the dirt off of it obviously. So you see it's for most people that would be probably cleaner than their carpets ever all her. Here's the trick. So I'm going to clean it with the cleaner but the trick is not to let the cleaner sit on there too long because it can stain it or bleach it. I'm going to let it down with a car wash brush. Obviously this process works for Chevy Ford and Dodge Mats. So the main thing is to get all that cleaner off so that it doesn't sit on there long enough to cause any bleach spots. Normally if I wasn't filming a video I'd go ahead and grab the other three and just let this kind of drip dry for a while but as I'm shooting a video I'm going to go ahead and dry this off and then treat it with the 303. Then we just want to give it a light spritz with the 303. 303 isn't as slick as a lot of the protectants but it still can make it a little slippery. So you get the general idea. Maybe I'm going to have to get in here. Basically do that with the edge of the towel. Use a Q-tip or something if you want. Usually the edge of the towel is enough. I also have to pull it down and get behind there. So that's basically what it's going to look like. I'm going to buff it up just a little bit more once I get it back in the car. Of course I've got three more mats to do now. Anyway hope this video was helpful. Please appreciate thumbs up, subscribe if you're not a subscriber and please tell your friends about my channel. Thank you very much.