 Hey, once again it's Robert with Clean Pull and Spa off season. And in this video I brought in two of my favorite cleaners to see which one can clean my nasty greasy wheel and tire the best. I think this is really going to be interesting. So let's get going. Now the first one that I use is super clean, been using that one for years. And the second one is just normal, discharging, just like dawn. Now these tires and wheels have not been touched in about maybe two or three weeks. Okay? Wanted to really let them get dirty to see how well these products did. As you can see it's really, really dirty and as I put my finger through there you can see the brake dust on there. So let's go ahead and begin. Now of course we need to have some rules and here are the rules that I picked. Each area is going to get 24 sprays, 12 on the tires and 12 on the rims, no agitating at all. I'm going to allow the product to dwell for about 30 seconds, 15 seconds spray off and then I'm going to wipe the area with a paper towel. And the first one up is my favorite super clean. So let's get going. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12. All right, let that sit for about 30 seconds. And as you can see in just a few seconds it's really starting to cut through all that grease and grime and then spray it off. Hey, I'm going to entertain you a little bit. You can watch me do this. All right, and there you have it. Now I'm just going to take a paper towel and go once around the tire. As you can see, it leaves a little bit of dirt right there and then the rim. Just take another clean paper towel and just quickly go around it, picking up any loose brake dust because I want to see what is left on there from the super clean. Next is my other old standby, soapy water. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12. All right, let that sit for 30 seconds and spray it off again. And then just like the other side, take one paper towel, go all the way around the tire just once and check that out. That is actually pretty clean right there and then take another paper towel and just go around the rim very, very quickly just like I did on the other side. Want to try to make this as consistent and as even as possible. All right, so now this is the fun part side by side comparison. There you have the rim of the super clean and the tire. You know what, I really thought that super clean would do a lot better job. So let's take a look at the soap. There's the rim and there's the tire. I think there's a little less dirt on the tire with the detergent. And let's take a look at the tires now. This is the super clean tire. We can see you know it did a pretty good job. It really and truly did. I love super clean. I've been using it for years and years and years. This is the dawn, the detergent side. You can see that it did a pretty good job as well. You know I was really surprised that super clean did not hit a Grand Slam home run on this when I really thought it would do a lot better. Who knew that regular detergent could do so well. But that opens up the question, can you use detergent to clean your wheels and tires? Yes, you can. But will it ruin the rubber, will it ruin the clear coat? That's debatable. You know, and if you have any comments about this, just leave them in the comments section below. I'd really like to hear what you have to say. Robert clean pool and spa off season.