 Hello, welcome. Today I'm going to share with you my recipe for fried okra. Now this okra is going to be plain. Some of you may like it with potatoes and you can add potatoes to this recipe if you like. But today I'm just making it plain. For this I have here some okros. It's about a pound and you need to wash and dry your okros before you start slicing them. Also for this recipe I have here one medium onion that I chopped up. A heaping teaspoon of mince garlic, one hot pepper chopped and to prepare the okra, this is how we do it. You cut the tips and the tops off and you're just going to do that for all of them before we start to slice them. Ok so just top the tops at the bottoms off and you want to go ahead and slice these like a quarter of an inch thick. You don't want them too thick. So just keep slicing them until you slice them. So I finish slicing up my okra and what you want to do is this is very slimy. When you're cutting it you'll see how slimy it is. So I I'll leave this overnight on the countertop covered so that the slime will dry out or as we do it in Trinidad you can put it out into the sun. Make sure you put it somewhere covered where the sun can hit it and it will help dry out that slime. So that's what I'm going to do. I'm going to let this dry and then it will take about an hour or two depending on how hot the sun is and then I'll come back in and show you all how I fry it up. So my okra just came off from the sun. It's nice and dry and what I'm going to do next is put up my pot on medium-high heat and I'm going to add enough vegetable oil. Now okra needs a lot of oil to help it fry. Let that oil heat up and then we'll move on. When your oil is nice and warm you're going to add in your onion. So your onions add your garlic and your hot tapo. Now you don't want the garlic to burn so make sure you have your heat on medium. Add in your okra. The garlic and the onions they're going to caramelize more while the okra is cooking. Add a little salt to taste. You can always add more when it's finished. You'll just taste it. And you're going to leave this after you mix stuff. You're going to leave it to fry on medium heat and do not turn this regularly because you want the okra to maintain its integrity. If you over turn this you're going to mash up everything and it's just going to be one hot mess. So just as it develops across on the bottom you come in and turn it. You want to come in and check it. You see it's no starting to brown. You just want to turn it off so it doesn't burn. And you're going to keep doing this until the okra is nice and golden brown. So my okra is finished and I went ahead and I just put the pot on an angle so that all that oil can drain off to one side because you don't want to be eating all of that oil obviously. So just let all of your oil drain out and then your okra will be ready. So here you have it my fried okra. I hope you guys enjoyed today's recipe. Now we'll see you all in my next video. Enjoy!