 Hello, in this video we're going to be making this beautiful colorful marble cake, which is actually just a simple vanilla cake with beautiful colors blended in. These are the ingredients you're going to be needing if you have any questions, leave them down in the comments section below. So first you're going to grease in line a 9 by 7 inch pan and set that aside, and then to your floor you're going to add in the baking powder and mix it in. Then set it aside and in another bowl you're going to crack open your eggs. And then you're going to mix in your vanilla and beat them just till they are frothy. Then set those aside and in another bowl you're going to take your butter and the sugar, and you're going to beat this for about 2 to 3 minutes till it is light in color and fluffy. And then you're going to add in 1 third of your egg mixture and beat for about 1 minute. And then you're going to beat in half of the egg mixture again for 1 minute. Then add in the last of your eggs and beat again for about 2 minutes. And then you're going to add in half of your flour and beat on low speed just till it is incorporated. And then you're going to add in remaining of your flour. And again beat on low speed just till incorporated and make sure not to over mix. And then use spatula and mix in any remaining flour. And then you're going to divide the batter into 4 parts and add in different colors to it. So I'm using red, green, blue and yellow. And then you're going to spoon the different batters alternatively in the pan. And then just swirl a butter knife through the batter. And then you're going to bake this in a preheated oven at 180 degrees Celsius for about 40 minutes or till a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. And then you're going to let the cake cool for about 30 minutes. And then run a knife at the sides. And you can slice and serve it. You can see the slices look so so beautiful. It is nice and moist and fluffy and it's simple vanilla cake but all your friends and family are definitely going to love this one. I hope you give this one a try and make sure to experiment with different colors and enjoy. Give this video a thumbs up if you like the recipe and check out my channel for more videos and I will see you soon with a new recipe. Bye!