 Over the years I've tried a variety of methods for curing my trout and salmon eggs. I've tried all the commercial cures, borax, but what I find works best for me when I be using probably last 20 years is a simple salt cure. And today I'm going to demonstrate how I do my salt cure. Having good bait is key to having a good day out in the water. Once you obtain some fresh trout or salmon eggs, the first thing you need to do regardless of which method of curing you're going to do is stream hardening eggs. And the sooner you do it the better quality eggs you're going to add up with. Okay for stream hardening you just want to take your fresh eggs, put them in a ziplock bag, add fresh cold stream water to them, let them sit in 5-10 minutes. What they'll do is harden the membrane so your eggs won't pop when you're tying eggs. You want to have gooey runny eggs, you have some good quality eggs. Like I said, the sooner you can do that the better quality eggs are going to be. Now for your salt cure and process you're going to fill a large bowl full of cold water, approximately a cup of salt, nine iodized or canning salt. You don't want to use iodized salt. Add your eggs after mixing it, add your eggs, the eggs will float in the solution. Let them sit there anywhere from 20 minutes to half hour. I believe a lot of them sit for 3-4 hours and I forgot about them and they turn off fine. Take your bowl, rinse all the salt out, throw a bowl back with clean water or the eggs back in, rinse all the salt, stop the cure and process. Leave them in there for now, and then our salt. Pour your eggs back in a strainer. Take them, add them to your bowl, pour them back in a bowl, leave a little moisture in there, absorb the moisture back in 3-8s. Now you rinse your eggs, ready to start storm. I find that baby food jar is perfect size for freezing the eggs. There's enough eggs in one jar to tie anywhere from 2-4 dozen eggs to the size. Just wait until you have to thaw out the whole batch. A jar of this size will thaw out in about an hour and a half or so. With this salt cure, it's nice from eggs. They'll last for a couple of years in the freezer. I find with these eggs, they don't turn white as fast as a lot of the other cures. You get multiple cast, dozens of cast before the eggs even start losing their color turn white. I just took this jar out of the freezer an hour and a half ago. These are from last October. I'm going to see how these look compared to the ones I just cured. Here's the ones I just cured. It looks like they hold up pretty good. That's our salt cure method for loose trout and salmon eggs. Eggs are pretty firm, you give them a little squeeze, they're not going to pop. You're not going to pop eggs, you're tying a sack and I'll lose bags. They're a nice natural smell to them too. Actually they smell like, smell like, hmm, I want to eat one. How it is a nice size, still alive.