 This is the couscous that we'll be using to make taboulée. Melt a little bit of butter, put about a quarter cup of the couscous inside the melted butter and then put about a quarter cup of boiling water and then just let it sit. And before I'm going to use it, I'm going to fluff it up with a fork and add it to the taboulée. Meaning ingredient or one of the meaning ingredients of taboulée is parsley, so it has to be washed and cleaned. When cleaning, once we're just going to take out the stem, we're going to get done. Make sure you don't get any stems in there either. Time to chop up a couple of tomatoes, put them in the mix. Just like a stack of dough, putting only two hands in our stems. And add it to the mix as such. Next we add a nice onion. This time I'm using a red one, because actually that's what I got. But you could use anything you could use green onions, which is usually preferable, or even white onions. And again you put it to taste, I'll be using about a quarter of that. So now I've got to chop it up. And it's very finely chopped. And now let's add it to the mix. It's looking good. Yeah baby, it's looking fantastic. It's looking good. Next I'll be adding some mint leaves, not this whole thing, just several leaves and again finely chopped. Like I said, you want to chop them up in little pieces. So let's go do that. Don't know if you could see, but right now we have a parsley, the tomatoes. I put a red onion and we have on top of that the mint leaves. So let's go continue. Let's not forget the extra virgin olive oil, of course from Greece. And then some lemon juice that we have to add. Forget extra virgin olive oil. And we have to also add salt and pepper. Let's not forget that. Obviously too, you're liking it. And like I said, with a fork, you just left it up. It's fine, but it's musty. And then we add that to the mix. So my couscous is added to my mix. I put olive oil, salt, pepper to the liking, or to my liking. And I'm in a mix that all up. And the final thing is the lemon juice. Last thing I like to do is put in lemon. And then I leave it so for several hours. And it'll be ready for eating. So I'll go do that. So everything's been mixed, the parsley. Top of the parsley, I put the tomato on top of that. We put the mint leaves and the onion. And then we put a little bit of olive oil, some lemon, salt, pepper. We added the couscous, mixed it all up. Now we're going to put it in the refrigerator and let it ferment for a little bit. So that gives it a great flavor. Important that it rests in the fridge at least two, three hours. Makes all the difference in the world. Thank you for watching. Have a good day. Bye.