 Have you ever wanted to change the oil on your car and thought it was too tricky? Well, I'm here today with my friend Chantal and her car Gillette and we're going to show you how easy it is to change the oil. It's part of our galmatic vintage series but no matter what sort of car you've got, it's nice and easy to change the oil. My name's Aluny from Galmatic and welcome to our garage. So the first thing we're going to do is actually go through the equipment that we need to do an oil change. But I'm going to ask my friend if she can introduce us to her car Gillette. What you wish she is a 1962 series valiant and how long have you owned her for? About six years? Six years? And Chantal does all her own oil changes so it's not just for today's video which is why I thought it was wonderful to use her as an example of a gal that changes her own oil. So can you go through the equipment that we're going to need for today? Yep, in non-technical terms. These are wraps which the car goes up on so they lay down flat. She goes up so that we can fit under her safely, a little trolley that makes it easy to get underneath her. Oil rag so that we stay clean. This is a... It's not a weird. But we're using that with ramps. It's a tool to help take the old oil filter. I'm sure it has a technical name but I've no idea what it is so it's the... It's the else special gadget. It's a gadget that's going to be taken away from the oil drop. Ratchet to undo the bolt underneath in the bottom of the oil. Funnel to put oil back in, bucket receptacle to catch old oil. And always make sure that that is bigger than the amount of oil that you're going to drain. Absolutely, otherwise you're in trouble. Yep and it just goes everywhere and we've all done that at least once. Or maybe that's only me that's pretended to have done it. Of course you've never done that sort of thing. No, not that particular one. Not another stuff. Not that one. And then some oil. And some oil to put back in. So what we're going to do now is make sure that before you start you've got all your equipment to the side so that you're not halfway through and thinking, Oh my goodness, I can't collect the oil or I can't get anything done. So make sure you've got your equipment ready to the side of the car. And now what we're going to do is go and get ready to do another change. Something that's really important is that you actually get the car up on a ramp. You don't want to be jacking it up with a car jack. You don't want to be getting under a car that isn't secured properly. So as you can see we've got Shantel and she's going to take her car up onto the ramps. Shantel, what's the first thing you're going to do? The first thing I'm going to do is loosen off the oil filter which is still in there. And I do that with my thingy-mejiggy tool. Especially named tool for the oil filter removal job. Some girls uncles give them, you know, spare treatments. My uncle's giving me car tools. One of my uncles, better one. So we loosen off the old oil filter. Do we take it off completely? Only when you've got something underneath it to catch the oil drips because it will drip. And car oil is hard to get off your concrete. So we're going to come and have a little bit of a peek. So you get your tool around it. You can see I've put arrows as to what direction I have to take it off because a year later you will always forget. And the last thing you want to be doing at this stage is making it even harder to get off than it's going to be. And we've accidentally gotten the best booby shot ever. You're a clay image. So that's the old oil filter. Oil filter. You need to be careful to keep it upright because it's full of oil and it will go everywhere if you tilt it over. And so now you're putting it in a plastic bag. Just to stop it from getting messy as it is. So to put the new one on, get a little bit dirty, a little bit of old oil. Just put it around there, it just helps it seal. And then the opposite direction to the arrows that you've drawn on, which will help you get it off. That's a great tip. So you draw arrows on to make sure that... Yeah. Just to make sure... You remember which way to take it off? Uh-huh. Because it's hard enough. And don't over tighten it. It will tighten over time. Hey there! Hi! So what are we going to do now? Now we are going to drain the oil out of the sun. So this is the oil sun. And the oil is kept in by one little nut there. So it's always the lowest point. So that when you loosen it, it comes out. And whether it be a vintage car or a modern car, it's pretty much the same principle, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah, very much the same. It hasn't changed much. It wasn't broke, so they didn't fix it. And why have two nuts when you only need one? Oh, making a loosener. So loosen it off. Don't take it fully off because you don't know which way the oil is going to go. Well, you kind of do. It's going to spout out this way. You need to make sure that you've got... You can tain up for your oil in the right area. So once you loosen it off with a spanner or a ratchet or whatever, the rest you can do by hand. And here it comes. And like we mentioned before, it's really important that you have a container that is larger than the amount of oil that you've got in your car. Most cars are pretty much around the five-leater mark, but my car actually contains six litres. So you want to make sure that that container is big enough. How much oil does Gillette take to refill? About four litres. About four. It's not very big. Another good tip with the container is to get one that is higher to the car than it is lower, a lot of the proper oil pan. Pan? Pan things. They're really shallow, aren't they? Yeah, and it's fine for when you start like that. And it doesn't drip, but when it gets down to a trickle and a breeze blows, it often blows the oil out the way. And that container's great because it's got a handle. So a thing to be careful about is not to drop the nut in the oil. Otherwise you'll have to stick your hand in. And I may as well have stuck my hand in because it's covered in oil, but grease makes me happy. Okay, so you can let it drain for really as long as you want, but eventually it'll just get to a trickle like that. And it's at that point that the wind will blow at where it will pop here. And that back in. If you can. Another good tip before you start an oil change is just to take your car for it just to drive around the block. Not too far, just to make that oil a little bit warmer so it comes out a bit easier. But not too hot? No. So literally just around the block. And never over tighten that. Want a little bit more than a finger type. Otherwise your car will leave a mark everywhere it's been. My face to do that in the way, it was her little signature. But that's kind of tight enough. And it's that simple. Done now you just top it up with your oil. That's good. Although while I'm under here I might just grease the nipples while I'm here. That's just a bit too cute isn't it? We'll let you grease your nipples all by yourself and we'll meet you up in the bonnet. Okay see you soon. So Gillette would be pretty thirsty by now. She's very thirsty now. So we've got her off the ramps? Yep so we've put a bit of oil in before we pull her off the ramps. Just so you could drive her? Yep because you never drive a car without oil. That will totally trash the engine even just a meter back. Then you want your car on level ground so that you can make sure that the oil level is at an appropriate level before you put the oil in. So pull off the oil cap. Put your funnel in. Don't try and do it without one. And then pull the oil in. And pour it in. And girls we've done it in lots of our other videos but make sure you don't put the oil in the dipstick. It's actually got to take the oil cap off. So she's all for the oil. And now it's dipstick time. Needs a bit more? No we're new full of oil so she's thirsty for some more. As you go along rather than overfilling it. So one final check of the dipstick. Just to make sure there's enough in there. It's better to be a bit low than a bit high because you can always top it up. And that's fine. She's perfect. Done. So oil cap on? Dipstick back. Have it driven without the oil cap back on? Smoked bit. And we're done. Done. Perfect. We hope you enjoyed our video and I was going to say of us changing the oil but I had the easy day today of my beautiful friends. So thank you. Well thank you, Lenny. Thank you for changing the oil on her Gillette and remember it's just as easy for you to change it on yours. Thanks for watching our galmatic vintage video series and we'll see you in the next video. Bye. I've cut off your hair. I need big hair. And you got big boobs. I don't know. Just I don't know. That's not fair. I'm here this morning. That would just be wrong. Hello, lovely lady. This is my thing. And I was just like, feel the camera like this way. I'm not just laughing at you so much. Say it, say it, say it. Gillette likes it. Nipples to be clean. That's really professional. Okay, let's do that again. Well, nice to see you, Lily. Thank you for coming. And watching me oil change. Oh, can we? Can we? Can we? Okay, it's a discrimination, yeah? Why not? But we are white, so I don't know. I was like, okay. But on the side, I'll politically correct. No, I was ex-an-hole. And thank you, you and your family, at least for coming to watch our video today. I know. The spell is very, very nice. Have you kissed boys in the village? You know. Oh, you never kissed you until when you were our lady. Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.