 This is our end result of our black and fish. I made some fish so you can see how it looks when it's black and I always order black and fish in the restaurant so now you can do the black and fish at home. It is delicious and crispy and just a little rice to go with it that riced and egg and made that goes good with it. This is my end result of the black and fish and I'm telling you look at it. It is delicious, it's seasoned, it's just right to where you want it. It's a new all-in-stile black and fish. That's what I got this wrong. It has a casing season, the paprika, it has a lemon pepper and has a black pepper and salt. Well I didn't use salt but I used just that casing season and the black and season and man that is delicious. This is Sandra I want to show you a black and fish and man it is delicious y'all. This is Sandra thank you for coming to my channel. This is Sandra I'm here again with another recipe and this recipe is my black and fish. I want you to know that it's ready to turn over so we're going to show you how the black and fish looks. It's easy to make black and fish a lot of people are scared to make black and fish so that is easy to make some black and fish. All you have to do is season it really good and what we're going to use is to show you on the season. It's a paprika, garlic powder, lemon, lemon pepper and a black and season mix. Now this black and season right here could be a little bit too salty so make sure you don't have a lot of salt on there. If you use black pepper if you like you can get some little cages, season and put with it but this red black this black and season I got is a little bit too salty so make sure you don't make it too salty by adding salt to it but the lemon pepper give it a good lemon taste and a good lemon flavor and it makes the taste really you know lemony but it's a burnt lemon because it's black and you know and the garlic helps make it dark too so the garlic helps make that fish taste good and everything in the paprika give it the color now you can put any spice on there you won't always tell you that you can put any spice that you want on your recipe it's what you prefer to have but this is what I prefer to have and I give you an idea and what to use okay that's what we're going to do to give you an idea of something that you can use on your black and fish and look at it right here you can black it chicken you can black them any kind of fish you want but this is the black and fish and I believe it's almost ready to take out because on this side for the first side let's see what that side look like well it's not black enough not black enough y'all it's not black enough so we're going to turn it back over and let it get a little bit more black and we will be right back and see what that in result look like