 Hi, I'm Rebecca Ran and today we're going to make a creamy, hearted-choke spinach hot dip for your next party. The ingredients for this dish are spinach, artichoke hearts, mayonnaise, parmesan cheese, garlic, cream cheese, green onions, white cheddar, salt and pepper. I'm putting it on a crunchy crispy meal today that's made with butter and fresh rosemary. I created this recipe for something really quick to make for a party. That's why I use the frozen spinach. It's just easier that way. So get a nice casserole dish because you're going to bake it in this. Preheat your oven to 350 degrees. We're adding one cup of mayonnaise. The mayonnaise is the first ingredient because it's going to grease our casserole dish to make everything come out of it really easy and also to make it easy to clean up. To that, I'm adding a softened thing of cream cheese and it doesn't even matter if it's softened or not because it's going to bake and create the beautiful base of creaminess in the dish. You need to grate one cup of white cheddar cheese. I've experimented with all kinds of cheeses on this dish and the white, sharp cheddar is the best. So add it into your dish. You need one clove of garlic, minced up, so squish it, peel off the skin and give it a chop. And with some little tiny pieces, sprinkle it about. Your artichoke should be 14 ounces and that's about one can of them. So we chop them up. I bought these in the can because they're just cheaper than in the jars. I like to save money, especially if I'm having a party. There's all kinds of things that spend money on when you have a party. And on the last artichoke, I'm going to cut it as decor on the top so people understand they are getting artichoke dip. There's a lot of water in that I want it out. So put a paper towel over it and give it a squish. Look at that. I do not want that water in my recipe. And another little pat pat on top because I'm still seeing water come through. There we go. And drop them in. And fluff them up. I think I've squished. And the same thing goes for the spinach. This is one half a pack of frozen spinach that's been rinsed. But you can tell it's got a lot of water in it. So do the same routine. Pat it dry. Oh my goodness, that is so wet. Take it to the sink. Give it a squeeze. Oh man. It's raining green water today. There's a lot of water in that. It's got to come out. That big, huge bowl of spinach. Now that all that water is out is only that much. Henrik gets added to the bowl. It's snowing spinach today. I'm breaking it up. I'm going to put it in. Nobody's going to want a whole glob of the spinach. I'm adding four green onions to this so I need to cut them up. I'm cutting it on the diagonal. These are flops we think they're keeps where nutrients in it. I'll go with that. Plus I think it's prettier. And I'm saving a little to put on top and add it to your dish. Well, that's getting full. Add half a teaspoon of salt and a quarter teaspoon of pepper. And we have one cup of grated parmesan, but I'm only going to put on half of it now because I want the other on top. And toss it like a salad. He want to mix up that cheese down there with all the ingredients. When this cooks, it's going to settle down and all that air is going to go away. That's why I like to make it really full. I want my guests to know there's plenty. Go ahead and eat. And so when it's well mixed, flatten it out. And if a little one on the side, do a cleanup on aisle nine. And the rest of the parmesan cheese goes on top. And that's going to bake and get toasty brown. And then there go the garnishes. And the identifying artichokes. There. And pop it in. And pop it in. Set your timer to 45 minutes. And you're good. Everybody loves that creamy cheesy dip with something crunchy. So if you don't want to do Christina, just put it on crackers. Any kind is fine. And just put butter on it. And just for fun, I'm going to sprinkle a little rosemary chopped up on top. So chop it up fine because nobody wants any of that rosemary. Stick it in their teeth, especially on a party. And dust it on. Oh, how pretty. And into the oven it goes. For the last 15 minutes of the cooking time. All right, what do we have? Wow. Look at that, Christina. That looks great. And here's our dip. Yum. Let's try it. That is amazing. Oh my gosh. That is so creamy. It's so delicious. I'm going in for a double dip. Oh. Hi, Rebecca Branson's guide to my channel. Let's keep making great things in the kitchen. Like artichokes, spinach, cheesy, dippy-dew. Oh.