 Hello, welcome to the spoon for a hard kitchen. So what they cut, my name is Sherry. Today I'm going to show you how to butterfly the whole chicken. Just make sure when you buy the whole chicken, sometimes they have the feather. Still have the feather or something extra on the skin. Just keep it well before you start to cut this. Okay, and the first way is very popular in Thailand. We like to cut from the front. So just do your night, cut through the middle, the bed. Okay, and I'm going to turn this torch to me. It's very easy to cut from the front because the front bone is a soft to cut. And for cutting this way, very popular in Thailand because we don't want to have to leave any curcass or anything. And we like to, when after one more time, when you cut and you just push it, you hand to push it like this and flip it. And now you have the first way to butterfly the chicken. We in Thailand, we like to cut this way because you don't have to remove any back or any curcass and believe me or what. This is being the chicken butt, we are a lot of people favorite in Thailand. For me, I don't like it because it's too much fat. But my fan or some of my family, they fight for this. And they even give this in the stick and they give it. And really, really popular a lot of people like this. So that's why when you go to Thailand, you will see the butterfly, the whole chicken like this way and they will put the bamboo stick and we will get the whole chicken like this way. Move on to the second way. This way, we like to cut from the back. So we're not gonna flip that and we like to cut from the back. And you not need the knife for this way except when you keep it up extra fat. This one, we're gonna use the scissors. So I gonna turn the chicken to my side and start from the neck here. Just grab it like here. But here and then start to cut it. This one is easy too. Okay, and gonna be a little bit hard from this way. But just continue cutting them, they will come up easy. Okay, and I gonna do the same thing to the other side. Okay. Start it. Cut through. Okay, and see, I already cut the chicken out and you can see really move all the back. The carcass, this one, no worry, we just have to save this and put in your stock when you need it next time. And this way, you can't remove all the extra fat. You not like it. So just use the scissors to remove all the extra fat. Defend from the first way because the first way in Thailand, they love everything. So they're not gonna remove that. Okay, and just clean it up. The extra thing you don't need. So now, use your hand to push this. And now you have the second way to butterfly the chicken. Or if you just want to use it up, so now when you leave the back and now you can just cut on the front, save the first way. Do because sometimes just two people, if you not need the whole chicken, you can just do it up. If you want to see how easy it's just gonna be like this. See, and say, if you just need the half of chicken to notice or grill, it's just easy. Super quick, super easy. You know me, I like to use the whole chicken. So today, I'll show you two different way to butterfly the chicken. One from the back and one from the front. If you want to know what I gonna do with this butterfly chicken, just watch the next episode. Thank you so much for watching. If you like this video, if you like this episode, please give me a thumbs up, subscribe, and you will see me for the next recipe. Thank you.