 This is Kelly. She's a four year old blue and two-year-old. Kelly? See, I had the camera. She's camera's on. But she came in and she's got one seeping under her skin and bruising herself. Huh? She's bruising and you can see it the best on her belly. So I'm gonna see if she can lay down Kelly. Lay down. This is how we lay down and if you make rounds lay down. See, and then she says, okay, and then you're gonna just go like this Kelly. We're gonna lift up your low leg. See, and you're gonna lift it up. That's a big girl. So you see, see right here? See how it's all purple? And you can see little spots. See how she's got little bloody spots all over abdomen. And then if you start looking under her hair, you can see she's also got bruised there. She can bruise herself by playing, but this is called Petitia. It's linking a blood under the skin. So also let's look at, okay, I'll come up here for the good girl. And then you can see if you look in here, you can see right here. You can see it. Okay, that's a good girl. You can't go. You see what you can see. There was another one I spotted. I spent a lot of my day doing this looking for things. Here's one. See that brown spot right there? So she's oozing blood under her skin out of her blood vessels. And it's making bachy purple stuff. And but she looks white. She doesn't care because she looks like she's not in trouble. She's not critical. But we've got to find out why she's using blood. So we're going to do various tests. Drought sublive. We're going to do what we call coagulation panel. We're going to do a blood panel. The chicks are white blood cells and red blood cells. And we're also going to do a test for Euregia that is a cause of dogs to bleed like this. And also we're going to look at the cells out of the microscope. And we're going to send in test for cooms, which test for autoimmune bleeding. And now she's put her head down. I was going to take one goal. So we're going to take some blood from Cucali, from the jugular vein. We're going to put out all the vials. And we need for the various tests. And we hold off the jugular vein and insert the needle above it where we can fill it. It feels pretty big. And with a little redirection usually we can readily get a good sample. So the blood work looks good. The blood sugar, the kidney enzymes, the liver enzymes, and the electrolytes all look right in the center. They're not too low and not too high. The thyroid's normal. Right in the middle. And the Euregia is normal. She's negative for Lyme's disease. She's negative for heartburn disease. Euregia and Anapas muscles are on negative. The red blood cells are in the normal range. So she's not anemic from the bleeding. The amount of crates normal, which means she's had a normal red blood cells. But if you look down the page, you can see instead of 148 to 484 platelets, she's got low platelets. So what all that means is that the body is destroying the platelets that stop the blood from oozing out. And you can see the, there's a diagram of the artery with the white blood cells and red blood cells. The red blood cells carry oxygen. The white blood cells fight infection. And the platelets stop the blood from leaking out. But in this case the white blood cells and the antibodies are destroying the platelets faster than the body can produce them and causing the levels to dangerously drop. If you look under the microscope, you'll see the platelets as a little tiny purple blotches next to the red disc shaped red blood cells. And in Calais case, after a week of prednisone, the bruising started to fade. So that means that those platelets next to the red blood cell and the diagram are increasing in number and that Calais not now not bleeding out under the skin like she was. We have run prednisone at a moderately high dose in order to stop the bleeding. If we look at a red blood cell, but if you look at the platelet numbers, they started out at 15,000 on the far right, then they went up over 100,000 and now they're up over 200,000 with the prednisone medication. What that means is the prednisone is doing its job. We usually can have to use pretty high levels for a few months and then what happens is we can back down on it over several months. We're also using a drug called melatonin, which also helps the body. It's more of a natural drug that helps the body modulate the immune system to make it stop attacking itself. We use that in immune mediated problems where the body attacks its red blood cells. And so also I'm using it in this case where the body is attacking its platelets. Anyway, well if you have a chance, check out dogdish diet. It's dogdishdiet.com. I wrote a book about feeding your dogs a better diet, also home cooking for your dogs and cats. And I have a new book coming out called The Dog Diet Answer Book, which I'm really excited about. It's update doctor. It's an updated dogdish diet. It tells you a lot of very practical information, stuff I've learned over the years to really help dogs avoid allergy problems like itchy skin, itchy anal glands, itchy ears without going through all the medicine and medical treatments. Have a great day.