 Okay, so this is an orthopedic knee pillow and it's good to help with leg pain, back pain, hip joint pain, things of that nature. As you can see, I have not opened it yet. It's still in the plastic. The only difference is that it actually came from Amazon. So it's in the Amazon box along with other items that I had purchased. So the only thing you're missing out on is me opening that package. So as you can see, 100% sealed all the way around. Obviously it was never used. Very easy to open. I like that. You see the tarot and plastic. You have a little card that comes in there, which just is like a little care instruction. And please read before using your pillow. It tells you how to use it. Make sure you air it out. Because sometimes pillows like this can have a funny smell or just an uncomfortable smell. So letting it air out for a day would help. Memory foam is heat responsive. Just some basic information. The pillow itself is very nice quality. See, I also have one of these little packets. Be sure to throw that away. Keep it out of your kids pets. That basic information. Very soft. And I am one of those people that actually likes to have a pillow between like my thighs sometimes to help me sleep better. It feels like a habit I picked up during my pregnancy. And it seems like it stuck with me ever since. So when nights are uncomfortable and really just can't sleep too good, I end up with a pillow like that. And this keeps me from having to steal my own pillows for use. So with that being said, you can see, it's a decent size. It's not huge. It's not as smaller than a standard pillow. And the memory foam is very soft, squishy. Or let me rephrase that it's squishy, but it's not so soft. You sink into it, but your body conforms to it. If that makes sense. I do like, as you can see, there's a zipper right here. So in the event that gets dirty or just for regular care and wash, you can take this off. So there's your memory foam. You can see. I mean, obviously you should be careful. And if you really want extra protection, I'd recommend getting a pillow case, like a throw pillow case to use to help keep it protected. But otherwise very well made high quality feels comfortable. And I definitely, I love the style. I just like the, I love the versatility of it. So you don't have to use it. Just for your legs, but you can use it. However, you see fit. Maybe you wanted to help prop on your back when you're sitting in a chair with a smaller back area. I actually have one uskinny chair that I use at my computer. And this would work great for my back purposes. But as far as the pillow goes high quality, easy to take the cover off if need be, but I'm not going to just because I don't want to start taking it on and off. Before using it and wearing things out. Good size. And I'm going to have a link in the description for anybody interested. If they want to learn more information, maybe you want to purchase it, but very good pillow. Very well made. I'm impressed. So. And if you have any questions about it, I'm happy to answer as well. But I'm so far I'm very pleased with it. Not my first type of memory foam pillow. So I could definitely tell you it is on a higher end of as far as quality goes compared to others that I had used.