 Hi guys, welcome back to my channel. Today I'm basically doing some videos so different from my regular videos. I'm getting some cooking videos today. In my YouTube videos, I said I was getting some makeup videos and cooking videos. So this is my first cooking video and I'm extremely excited. If you're new to my channel, please hit that subscribe button. And for my own subscribers, welcome back to my channel. I'm so excited because cooking is one of my greatest passions. Make up on cooking, I'm like two greatest passions. I really love cooking. Sometimes I tend to show you guys the meals I like to prepare and the foods I like to eat. So today I'm going to be making Nanjurian Shauama. I love Shauama. I know it was in Nanjuria. It's Shauama almost all the time. I really like Shauama. I'm really sharing how I make my recipe and how I do it for myself and my friends. I hope you guys watch. I'll sit back and enjoy this video. If you want to give it a huge thumbs up and subscribe to my channel. I need to comment down below. So this is my first cooking video. I'm getting some of my apron. I got myself a nice apron. I'm getting some open it now. This is me. It's officially launching. I'm actually starting to cook in videos here on my channel. I'm really excited about that. Let's open my apron. I'm going to show you guys a few moments later. So the ingredients that I need for this dish are the main ingredients. Tortilla wraps which is like the clock for Shauama. Which yoghurt bowl your ingredients which is the main ingredient for the Shauama. You're also going to be needing some chicken thighs and I got bowl less skinless chicken thighs. You're going to be needing some hot dogs or sausages because it looks like you just add a really nice taste. You're going to be needing some cabbage as you're vegetable in this Shauama wrap. You could use any other vegetable you want. You could use lettuce for add onions or anything you want. It's a wrap. Like wraps are really fresh. You can't miss it if you want anything you want in your wrap. We're going to be needing some mayonnaise and the green onion. The sauce in your wrap for the Shauama. And you're also going to need some ketchup. It's going to serve as the opening sauce in your wrap. The ingredients are really like Shauama is really versatile. You can put whatever you want to go and add more sausages. You could not put sauce. It's just up to you basically. You could add the sausage. You could remove the sausage. You could use chicken. You could use beef. You could use turkey. You could use lamb. Anything you want to use is all like your choice. You could add anything you want. You could just really versatile. And also is that using regular white tortilla wraps. You could use whole wheat tortilla wraps. You could use non bread. You could use pizza bread. Whatever you want to use, it's up to you as your choice. It's so versatile. That's one of the love of Shauama. It's really delicious. So let's start cooking. So first off I'm going to wash my hands. Just make sure I clean before I start preparing my food. I'm going to dry them with a twinkie part on my first start. I'm going to transfer my chicken into a bowl so that I could wash it properly. I'm going to wash my chicken. I'll give you guys a few parts to save time. I washed my chicken and washed it properly. I'm going to cut my chicken into little pieces. I'm cutting off the fats because I don't want the fats. I'm just going to cut the chicken into thin pieces. I'm going to transfer the cooked chicken into a bowl. Then I'm going to add some spices to the chicken. I like to add a lot of spices because when the spices combine I get a really nice delicious flavor. With some salt, maggi, curry powder, dried thyme, garlic powder, ground ginger, onion powder, and ground hot pepper. You can add any spices you want. Just season your chicken according to your taste. Whatever you like. This is the spice I like to use. I'm going to use my hands to mix everything perfectly and keep the chicken in the fridge. I'm going to wash my cotton bread and wash my knife. I'll use the slives and my veggies. I want to avoid cross-contamination from the chicken. I'm going to wash it. Then I'm going to cut up my cabbage into really thin pieces. I'm going to add vegetable oil to my pan to prepare my chicken. You can use butter or margarine if you want. I'm also going to transfer my chicken into the hot oil after it's marinating for about 1 hour. I'm going to leave that to cook. This is very efficient. I need to make sure that everything cooks evenly. I'm covering it and making it cook faster. It's not that my chicken is cooked. I'm just going to put off the gas. I'm going to transfer it into a bowl to help the excess oil. I'm going to fry my sausage right now. I'm going to transfer it into a bowl once it's done. I'm going to assemble my ingredients to make my shawarma. Starting with the mayonnaise and ketchup. I'm using a spoon to mix it and spread it all over the tortilla wrap. I'm going to add my cabbage next. Then I'll add my chicken. You can add as much as you want. You use less, you use more of your choice. I'll add my sausage and some pepper just to give it a little bit of heat. I'll wrap it starting from the edge. I'll wrap everything over. I'm not really good at wrapping it, but yeah. You see that tortilla wrap is total. As far as you get all your contents and your good, you can wrap it holding both edges and covering it. Then I'll put some butter on my grill. I could use olive oil spray. I'll put my tortilla and shawarma on my dear grill. It's a good size quilt. I'll put this in my foil and wrap everything nicely. I'm going to put shawarma in foil because it reminds me of home. Because I eat the back shawarma. It's always wrapped in foil and everything is easy. I have to just fold it in your hands. I wrap it in the foil or anything else you want to use. I'll wrap it in foil. I hope you enjoyed watching this video. I'm going to put some nice food in my box. I hope you enjoyed this video. Leave your suggestions, comments down below. I'd like to know what you thought of my first video. I really enjoyed making this video. I hope you guys liked this video. Please give it a thumbs up, subscribe, and comment. I shared this video with your friends. If you use my shawarma recipe, please tag me. So tell me that let me see if you're beautiful, if you've created it. I thank you guys watching this video. I'm about to enjoy my shawarma with my very, very nice cold multiple times. I'll see you in my next video.