 Hello everyone, I'm Luke Tekken. Welcome to the first video of LT Tutorials. For this tutorial I will show you how to polish rocks by hand so you don't have to get a very expensive rock tumbler. So I have two steps that are pretty much mandatory and one step that is optional. The optional step is to hand tumble it. We'll need a container and sand. For this it will take a like two weeks of most using lightly rough rocks. I recommend you start with a rock like this. It's not that big and kind of rough and after around two weeks to a month I said two weeks ago, you may come out with a round of rock like this or it might just be slightly less rough I don't know. But you can do that and I'm still working on those. Then once you have a rock like this you could just find a rock like this in the first place. I found the down at the beach so this one has been so very lightly polished but what you want to do is have two bowls. One filled with a slight bit of vegetable oil that I've given it the final polish and one filled with a bit of water which with a bit of dish soap. So what you want to do is just light soak them there for around an hour and then take it out and dip the old toothbrush in it, scrub it a bit, leave it in there. I've been doing this for around two days. I leave it in there overnight sometimes I know some of this might be useless but it comes out with a very nice very shiny look and after that you want to dip it in the oil and roll it around a bit. So you can do this, take it out, you can use a toothbrush if you want to apply it to rocks that have little crevices in it and then after doing this for around five minutes you can take it out and leave it out while it's so shiny and leave it to dry overnight and when you take it out it will be a glassy looking and you don't need any of that expensive rock tumbling equipment and expensive polishers. So I really hope this helped any of you guys. I've been looking on the internet for tutorials like this and there haven't been many people that I've been doing it. It didn't benefit you but they only show how to do that. They don't really show how to give that shiny glossy look on it. So I really hope this helped and be sure to like the video and subscribe to this channel and some of my other channels I have. Thank you for watching. I've been LeartTech. Goodbye.