 Look at the nice clean edge on this landscaping. How beautiful. Easy to mow, nice and straight, nice and clean. Looks beautiful, doesn't it? At Rattrat Productions, we teach you how to do stuff. Today, I'm going to teach you how to put a nice edging on your landscaping. So, the first thing you need to do is string a line. I strung a line. Those pavers, the base pavers, is 7 and 5, 8 inches. So I measured 7 and 5, 8 inches in from this apron. And I put a line there. Strung a line all the way down where I wanted it. So I put a nail there, put a builder square against this to make sure that it was 90 degrees and the same thing here, 90 degrees. And then what I'm going to do is strip all this sod out flat-plated shovel. Make sure you get under the sod, sod light. I went along the line, looking down, lift up, and I did that all the way down. We drew the line. We stripped all the sod all the way up where we wanted it. Now what we're doing is we're leveling these pavers. Take a paver and I place it. Now this is not matching up the way it's supposed to be. So what I need to do is take a little bit of material out and just cutting that sod out. Okay, now that's straight. I want it. Now I'm going to wiggle and see how it wants to lay. If it leaks, if it rocks back and forth, it means it's high in the middle. So I need to take a little bit out. But first what I'm going to do before I start taking that out, I'm going to see how this top edge is. See how this top edge is not matching up with this top edge. So actually I'm going to add a little material in the front first and see if that rectifies the problem. I'm still rocking and that's flat now. A little bit of force. Trying to see if it'll find its way. Okay, so it's low here and it's low here. Here it's fine. So I'm going to add a little bit here. Add a little bit here. There we go. You just got to have some patience with it. Make sure that's nice and flat. Move on up the hill and repeat. It's pretty good. Low here. And it's a little bit tilted up. So I need more material here. Okay, that's nice. So I'm going to take these blocks out. So my assistant takes the green weed barrier basically. They can layer blocks. Maybe. All right, so I have my pavers laid all the way. Nice and flat. Taken my time. I just make sure these are whole. I adjusted this line. Now what I'm going to do is lay bricks on these. These bricks are going to do a couple of things. First of all, it's a nice finished touch. Second of all, it gives my mower a nice, like I put my wheels on them of the mower right here and cut the grass nice and neat. And these will be a little bit taller. So it'll allow me to build up a lot of mulching material on that driveway I did class five. But here it's mulching material. I'm using a landscape adhesive, block stone and timber landscape adhesive, making a zig-zag pattern and I'm laying my bricks. I used a half brick here first because these pavers are two bricks long. And if I put one brick here and one brick here, that would be fine. See how they're about the same size. That would be fine. But what I want to do is I want to strengthen this joint. So I'm going to stagger it. And so a half a brick here allowed me to stagger it so I can get on these joints half a brick here, half a brick there. All right. So here we go. We're just going to go through. Lay a brick. Make sure that it's even. End of that. Okay. Don't be shy with the adhesive. By more than you need. Adhesive is cheap. And it's a really good cement. This. This is a chisel specifically for masonry. I'll put it right in the boat. Right to bolt in the middle. Right there. One good whack. And there you go. Choose a mulch and fill it in. And rat trap productions we teach you how to do stuff. Today I taught you how to landscape a beautiful edging.