 Hey there folks Luke here with the OutroGurvy Review. Thank you very much for tuning in for this episode where we are showing off a clean canteen product. Now this is the second one in a couple of weeks here and this is one of my favorites. This is the 64 ounce clean canteen wide mouth bottle. And with that being said let's take a closer look at it now. Now as you guys can see right here this bottle has seen a lot of use. I've carried this bottle hundreds of miles over the last couple of months. I've used it in the pouring snow when it was super duper cold to boil my water. I've used it to boil water to keep me warm at night to cuddle up with it. I've even used this to cook in. It really is just top of the line top shelf quality. It really is a worthwhile product to consider for your hydration needs. One thing that I really like about this and I've already touched upon this is that you can boil water in this. So you can carry water with you. You can gather it. You can boil it. You can sterilize it with drops, chemical treatments, whatever you need to. This allows you to have all of those options, those bases covered. As you can see here it has the loop cap. It does have a seal on the inside so there's no leaking at all. As you can see here with the opening very large, very wide mouth, that is roughly two inches wide right there. It's just a little bit more than that. So it's very easy to collect water in, very easy to get the water out as well. When it comes to weight you are looking at 12.8 ounces. So it's not super heavy, it's not super light at the same time. When it comes to the measurements with the lid on you are looking at roughly 11 inches tall. It's roughly four and a half inches wide. So I mean it's fairly good size but it definitely fits inside of the hand. It doesn't slide out from your hand at all. It really does feel nice. This is a product that you have seen a lot of over the last couple of months, especially in the winter. I've been really using this a lot to melt snow, boil, water, cook my food with. It's just a great product. I mean it really is just a bulletproof product. It really does stand up well to the elements. I throw this into the fire all the time. When I get home I just wash it up nice and easy and it still looks great. When it comes to cost you're going to pay right at $30 for this product right here and I consider that to be worth it considering the quality of the construction. I mean it really is just bulletproof, very, very nice. I have used this over many months. I absolutely love it. I will continue to use it. It gets a thumbs up from me, Luke with the Outdoor Gear Review. If you guys have any questions for me you know what to do. I will see you guys around. Strengthen honor. Take care.