 Hey everybody, Hunter Fisher Trapper Trader Guides, Scott and Interpreter and just a country cook, Steve Hall. Here in Nashville, Tennessee, along with pretty Miss Sheila running that camera. Hi Sheila. Today we're gonna make homemade French dressing. Now I got to tell you I made this about two years ago and I posted it on YouTube and I didn't really care for the audio and one ingredient was too strong and a little bit too much garlic. So I was trying to modify it and I deleted it. But I also deleted the recipe that I'd already thrown away and that recipe was from about 40 years ago out of a truck stop up in Bemidji, Minnesota where we used to go after we were done playing all the night clubs. We go out there and have salad and man it was the most delicious salad and I talked to waitress in to get it for me out of the back room, but it was for like five gallons and I modified it and broke it down and I think that's where the little too much garlic got into it. So I was gonna change it and I deleted it and I thought I had lost the recipe forever. So I was kind of looking around on YouTube for French dressing. See if I could kind of refresh my memory of the ingredients and I ran across this site. It's a channel on YouTube called Angie's Pantry and she made French dressing. She called it. Hold on a second. I'm gonna make sure I get this right. She called it homemade red salad dressing I think. I made a note of it so I wouldn't forget because it's important to me. Angie's Pantry homemade red salad dressing. If you go to Angie's Pantry and look up homemade red salad dressing, she talks about this salad dressing that she got from Cooking with Shotgun Red's website. She had my recipe. Sometimes you'll lock out. She saved me because I've had that recipe all my life and she had it on her channel. Angie, thank you very much for doing that because I'm gonna make it again today. Sheila, come on over. Let's get started in just a second. I got to tell you I'm gonna use this kitchen aid today because you can mix this up with a whisk or you can use a hand blender and these things come with like a dough hook. You wouldn't use that. They come with a whisk. It puts too much air in it, but this little paddle, especially when it's on real low like that. I think it'll stir up when I need to stir up because I got oils and vinegar and sugar that need to be dissolved and really incorporated together. So let's get started with this little paddle from this kitchen aid mixer that Sheila got me as a gift and man my heart goes out to Angie's Pantry for saving my recipe. Let's get started. First thing I'm gonna do is take this little attachment out of the way and I'm gonna start out with one and a half cups of hunts ketchup. Now this here happens to be the no preservatives. I also like the one they got that doesn't have any high fruit toast corn syrup in it, but I use hunts. And I'm gonna make the half a batch just like Angie did from Angie's Pantry today. Where I used to use like three cups of ketchup, then one tablespoon of all the seasonings. I'm gonna do it. She did and make a half a batch, which is one and a half cups of hunts ketchup. One cup of extra virgin olive oil. One cup of white vinegar. Man, this salad dressing is so fantastic. And I like just doing that beaten it on there. Here is two cups of regular white sugar. Now that that's all in there, I'm gonna mix this up before I put my seasonings in because I want that oil to get incorporated with everything along with dissolving the sugar. Let me put my little mixer down in here and lock it in place. And I'm gonna put this on the lowest setting right there. And I'll see you guys in about five minutes. I'm gonna let this mix really, really, really good and we'll be back then to continue the recipe. See in a minute. All right, it's been mixing about three minutes, looking good. In fact, number one, believe it or not, says stir on the back of this kitchen aid. But I'm gonna move it to number two and let it mix it a little better because I really want to get that oil incorporated into that ketchup and vinegar. And I want the sugar to be really dissolved. So I'm gonna go a little bit higher just to number two. I don't want to go any higher now because I don't want a bunch of air bubbles in it. I just want it to mix it up real good. We'll see in a couple of three minutes. All right, that's looking really good. Time to add our seasonings because this is a half batch. We're gonna put in a half a tablespoon of kosher salt. A half a tablespoon of black pepper. Now I never had black pepper in my original recipe, but Angie put it in hers and I love pepper and I thought, hey, why not? A half a tablespoon of chili powder. A half a tablespoon of paprika. This recipe is from 40 years ago out of a truck stop and it's so good. A half a tablespoon. These are all half a tablespoon, and I'll put all the ingredients below the video. And here's where I'm gonna make the change that I wanted to make in the original video and I deleted it trying to do exactly that. In here is a half a teaspoon of onion powder and only a half a teaspoon of garlic powder because I thought the garlic kind of overtook the recipe. It's hard to move five gallons down to just a, you know, like a quarter to and not be kind of goofing up the recipe. So let me put this back in here, lock her down, put it on low to start with, kind of get her going. Now I'm going back to number two again. That looks really good. And believe it or not, it even smells good. I love the smell of spices like that. It's wonderful. Let's let this mix a good three to five minutes and then we'll give it a little taste test. See you in a second. Well, all of our seasoning is blended in there really good now. And again, you have no idea how thrilled I am that Angie's pantry went to cookin' with shock and red. Got this recipe, took it over to her channel, made it so I could go to her channel and get it and put it back on her channel. I know that all sounds crazy, but let me move this off to one side here. I'm going to unlock this. Let me take a paper towel and just kind of wipe this little paddle so it doesn't drip once they pull this out of the way here. Then give it a little quick tip of the spoon test. That's it. That's the stuff. And once you put this in the refrigerator, the longer it sits in there, the better it gets. It has a shelf life, especially in the refrigerator for a long, long time, because of that vinegar and stuff in there. And we're just going to store it in some little pint jars. Can you see that Sheila? I can. And look at there. Almost. Look at there, almost filled it up. What I'll probably do, believe it or not, is I'll go in the kitchen. And get some lettuce and put it in here and tumble it around. Actually, I'm going to take it a step further. I'll be right back. Well, look what I did. I ran in the kitchen and made a quick salad because I couldn't stand it no more. And I got to show you something that my stepma used to do, Ardela. She'd put blue cheese dressing and French dressing on the same salad and mix it together. It is so delicious. Now, I got to tell you what you're looking at here is our homemade blue cheese dressing. And I'll put it at the end of the recipe so you can jump to that particular recipe as well. I'm going to put a dollop over here of this blue cheese. Then here is the recipe from 40 years ago that Angie saved by doing our recipe. And then I went and got our recipe from her channel and put it back on our channel. And you got to go over and take a look at her channel. She's got a lot of very unique things. She's such a sweetheart for doing that. I just got a little bit off the rim there. That is so fantastic. What do you think, Sheila? That's really great. Should we take a picture? I think so. All right, sounds good. All right, we took a picture for our thumbnail. I put a little more French dressing on there. And then I got to hit it with a little pepper. I know get out the... Can do the fresh ground black pepper. But I love pepper on my salad. And I'm going to kind of stir a little bit of this together just because Ardela used to do that all the time. But before I get into this, I want to try this French dressing over here straight up. Boy, I have to get another bite of this. Be with you in a second. Oh, that's my favorite of all time. Man, that is absolutely fantastic. You know, it might not seem like that big of a deal to some people. Some people collect stamps. Some people collect recipes like me. This recipe is from 40 years ago. And I thought it was lost forever because I deleted it after I had thrown the recipe away. I'm going to write the recipe down and put it in a safe place. But most of all, now we have it back on our channel. And Angie has it on her channel. Angie from Angie's pantry. You did my recipe. I can't believe it. I got a chance to tweak the garlic and bring it down a little bit for me. But boy, it's absolutely incredible. I just want to say thank you very, very much. Because that really means a lot to me. I will tell you, I hope you enjoy this recipe and I hope you enjoy all of our recipes. You can also subscribe to our channel. We hope you do that. Little shotgun red space will pop up over here in a little bit when it does. Just click on it. It says subscribe. There's a little bell next to that. When you click on that bell, that's a notification bell. That means you want to be notified every time we come out with another recipe. We hope you do that. And what I'm going to do, my mouth is still watering. I'm going to put our homemade blue cheese dressing over here so you can make it to dredge your chicken wings through. Add it to your French dressing on your salad. You got to try that. It's really good. And it'll be something that you can cherry-shit your house like I do. My little French dressing recipe that I almost thought was gone. I'm probably going on and on about something, but thank you, thank you, thank you. And is it the best French dressing you ever ate? Boy, if it ain't it oughta be. Steve Holland, National Tennessee along with Pretty Miss Sheila, saying we'll see you next time right here on Cooking with Shotgun Red. I'll see if I can get a tomato to balance on my fork here. Say good night, Sheila. Good night, Sheila. Oh, no, don't fall out there yet. No fall out. No, no, no, no. See you later. See you later.