 How to Start Seeds for Planting Start your own seeds to save money, grow different plant varieties and extend your growing season. You will need Flower pots or flats with holes for drainage, seed starting soil, seeds, plastic sheets, wrap or bags, a light source and a warm location. Optional, bleach solution and a tray to hold pots or flats. Step 1. Wash the pots and flats in warm soapy water. Rinse them thoroughly and drain. To kill fungi and bacteria in previously used pots, soak them for 30 minutes in a solution of 10 parts water to one part bleach, then rinse and drain. Step 2. Purchase seed starting soil from a local nursery or mix your own. The ideal mix contains equal parts garden soil, vermiculae, which is a kind of sand and peat or compost. Step 3. Add water to your soil mix, but only enough to lightly moisten it. Do not over water. Waterlog soil can cause rot and prevent germination. Step 4. Plant your seeds according to the depth and spacing instructions on the seed packet, and then lightly cover them with soil. Gently press the soil onto the seed and sparingly add water over them. Step 5. Cover the pots with plastic sheets, wrap or bags to create a greenhouse effect and keep moisture in the soil. Step 6. Set the pots in a warm location, such as a water heater top, refrigerator top, or sunny window, check the soil moisture daily and water only when needed. Do not over water. Step 7. Remove the plastic covers once the seeds begin to spread. After germination, place the pots in a tray and add water to the tray. Watering from the bottom prevents over watering and helps lure to kind of fungus that can kill seedlings. Step 8. Place the germinated seeds in or near a sunny window to encourage straight growth and prevent a thin river. After then, a thin week stem, place the new sprouts directly under a light source, such as a fluorescent light. Step 9. When your plants have several sets of leaves and the weather is warm enough, set the plants outside for increasing lengths of time. Start with two hours and gradually work up to leaving them out all day. Step 10. You're ready to transfer those flowers and vegetables you worked so well. The vegetables you worked so hard to cultivate to the garden. Enjoy the fruits of your labor. Did you know 10,000-year-old seeds discovered in frozen soil in Canada produced flowers.