 Get a carbonites to the carbon back with some more arcs and vibe will evolve. And today we're going to have a look at building on uneven ground. This is something I always get asked questions on and I'm just going to show you the way I go about it. There is multiple different ways you could do it no doubt. This is the way I do it basically. Alright so we're going to be building on this slope here. We'll start off up the top here and we'll place our foundations and I go as far as I can with those. And that's probably going to be it. So that's as far as we can go. Let's go out with our ceilings so we can go out two ceilings from a foundation. And then we'll need more foundation support so we can achieve that with a pillar going into the ground. Now we can come out another two. Well on this side we can anyway. Then we just go another pillar into the ground. And let's finish this off. Okay so yeah obviously you can leave it like that if you want but I tend to try and cover all this up because I think it looks nicer. So I go around the structure and just place as many walls as I can in the correct spot not like this. So we got pretty lucky there. Normally it doesn't let you place them. Okay so we got a couple of spots we can't place the walls there. We got a spot there. Hopefully we can get it on the end here. That'd be nice. No we can't because arc sucks. We're done with the circuit. It doesn't let you clip structures into the ground. Okay so that's it. That's as far as we can go with the walls. So then what I do is I use foundations. And now these will snap next to the pillars. So we can go there. Now it's also it's good to note that the foundations will sit a little bit higher than the rest of this structure. So if we were to place a wall and then another wall on top of that one if it will allow me. Alright you know what we'll just attach it to the ceiling. So then you can see the overlap. So you can get around that using the foundation lowering trick that you've probably seen on raft videos. Same thing can apply doing this using pillars. You can lower the foundations. But I tend to just use this to cover up the holes so it doesn't really matter to me. So I don't bother with it. Okay so we're going to go as far as we can. I probably won't even bother with that little gap there. It doesn't really seem worth it. Alright so let's put that one there. Actually did that go lower? Okay. Alright I'm going to do it for this one because I feel like the... No fuck it. I'll try this first. So I'm going to remove these pillars. And that is to get the foundation in here because it won't snap a foundation there while there's a pillar there. Okay so that one fit in there nicely. Let's get another one. Of course it's going to rain while I'm recording. Okay let's see if we can get one in here. Probably not by the looks of it. Let's try this. Let's remove these so we can place the next one. I think it's going to be a little bit too high for this foundation here. So what I'm going to do is place a temporary pillar there. And then you'll see that there's two snap points so that's the foundation lowering trick. So we can lower it there. Now that will actually place there but if you wanted to refine it and get it a little bit closer you could always place another pillar. Make sure you're placing the pillar into the foundation and not the ceiling because that will reset the snap point to the default. You want to keep lowering it so you're going to make sure you place the pillar into the foundation. This can be a little bit finicky. I mean it's building a knock. I mean if you don't know it's finicky then you haven't been playing very long. I think that other pillar might be... Or did I screw up the pillar? Let's check. I think I did. I think it's snapped to the ceiling and not... Oops. That's my bad. Alright let's try that again. Alright I'm just going to remove this so I can see it. Alright fuck it. Alright so this is what we're going to do. I don't want to screw around with this so I'm going to waste resources and get rid of that ceiling altogether. Okay so you can see there we've got three snap points. One from the default, one from this pillar and then one from this foundation. So we want to get the lowest one possible which is going to be that one there. Okay now we're good to go so we're getting that lower snap point now. Alright so we're on around the other side and see how we did. Yeah it's pretty good. So that's basically how you can go around your structure and cover up the holes. Well the majority of them. Sometimes you're going to get a hole that's too small for a wall and it's too large for a foundation. It's going to be... Yeah it's not always going to work but with this lowering technique you can get most of them looking pretty good. So anyway that's going to do it for the episode. I hope you enjoyed the video. If it helped you out make sure you smash that like button for me. Don't forget to leave your targets. See you next time.