 Hi guys and welcome back to my kitchen. Now one of my favourites are cupcakes. So on this week's video tutorial, what I thought I'd do is show you some of my favourite piping tips and also show you the styles that they make and the techniques that I use to pipe the buttercream onto the cupcakes. Let's get started. Okay so I've got my cupcakes, I've got the piping tips I'm going to show you. I've got my icing bags, a spatula and my buttercream. Okay so the first buttercream sold that I'm going to show you is using this piping tip which is the Wilton 1M and as you can see it's got a star shape at the top. Now I think this one creates the most popular of the buttercreams as well and this is your classic ice cream sold out. Okay so what I'm going to do is just take this is just a clear piping bag and I'm just going to trim front of the piping bag off and you just want to make sure that's kind of in there and you can pull it tight without it coming off. We're going to fill that with buttercream. Now I'll put a link below to the buttercream recipe that I've used here and I've just coloured this with a rose pink. Okay so once you've put your buttercream into your piping bag what you want to do is just push the buttercream down so that it starts coming out at the end. It's just twist the end of the bag just to keep it closed and then with your thumb and your first finger just keep it in there. Now this is the hand that's going to add the pressure so this is going to push the buttercream out and your other hand is just for guiding or if you just want to eat a pipe with one hand you could use the other one just to hold the cupcake steady. Okay so what we're going to do is just start with the ice and tip here and I'm just going to start here on the cupcake so applying slight pressure to the end of the piping bag we're just going to bring it around for one rotation just hugging the side of the cupcake case. Now when we reach the join there we just want to bring the nozzle inside these so it's half covering the buttercream that's already there and half covering the cupcake. Again do that again for another rotation and then bring it into the middle and pull up and that's going to give you your ice cream staffs well. Okay so the next tip that I'm actually going to show you is this one. Now it doesn't have any numbers on it and it tends to come in a set of professional pipeline tips which is available from cake decorating shops, online retailers, supermarkets and places like that. Now there are some other ones in branded ones as well so just have a look out for this kind of tip so what we've got is a flat star on the top and what this one is going to do is going to create really pretty ruffles. Okay so here we have our cupcake and we're going to use exactly the same technique that we used for the previous one. So again we're just going to start from one side and applying pressure with the right hand I'm just going to pull this round hugging the side of the cupcake case and then again bring it into a half on the buttercream and half on the cupcake. I'm going to do three swirls and then pull up from the centre and there we have this really pretty ruffles well and as you can see it's just got a very different kind of effect to the previous one. Okay so this is the next pipeline tip that we're going to use and what I'm going to do is show you how to make the rose cupcake. Now this is the Wilton 2D pipeline tip as you can see all of the points are actually folded over and meet in the middle and that's what's going to give us this really pretty rose effect. Okay so with this one what we're going to do is it's going to be slightly different and it's going to be a reverse so we're going to place the piping tip in the centre of the cupcake and what we want to do is go around each of the layers. So as we do a rotation we want to keep going around so we're just hugging the side of the buttercream that's already been on there until we get to the outer layer. Squeeze don't need to get a bit of the buttercream then wrap it around and keep following the previous layer around until you come to the outside of the cupcake case. Now when you've got nowhere to go you just want to pull that buttercream away and there you have a really pretty kind of rose style cupcake. Okay so for the last cupcake tip that I really enjoy using is this one and this is just an open circle tip. Now this is going to create as well like the others but it's just going to be smooth and simple and just really pretty. Okay so here we have just the round tip in there with the buttercream. Now be aware that this piping tip does use slightly more buttercream than the others so we're just going to start on one of the edges of the cupcake. Bring it round and you want to hug the outside of the cupcake case. Now when you get to that buttercream you just want to pull it in and just go three rotations and then pull up and that's just going to bring it round into this really pretty buttercream as well. Now as you can see all these cupcakes are completely different and these are probably my most use cupcake tips and the ones that I prefer using. I really hope you've enjoyed this video tutorial. If you have then please give it a thumbs up and if you'd like see more video tutorials than please give it a try.