 Hey guys, what's going on? Jimi Kavales, the kitchen cabinet guy. I'm surrounded by Shaker Door Styles right now because I want to show you the difference between a wood door style and an MDF door style. A wood door style is typically made out of multiple pieces of wood. I can simplify it for you and just tell you it's a four of the perimeter of the door and the center of the door, but even the center of the door can be made by multiple pieces of wood. The reason I'm bringing this up today is because I want to show you on a wood door what can happen with a painted finish as opposed to an MDF door. MDF is medium density fiberboard. It's a one piece door that's actually routed out by a computerized machine to give it the shape of a door style. This particular one obviously is a Shaker Door Styles and this is a woodshaker door style. It's stained a wood door. There's no problems. Even though there's joints in the wood, it's part of the characteristics of the wood, so it's fine. It actually adds to the look rather than the turn from the look. What happens when you paint a wood door because it's multiple pieces of wood that comprise a door, the wood pieces expand and contract. When they expand and contract at the joints, there's movement obviously and the paint can crack and you get what's called the stress cracks. You get these very fine cracks in the wood. Over time, I guess, cannot look as pretty as they do as when the kitchen comes out of the factory. We stress this to our clients about the stress cracks because it's a very important aspect to a painted wood door that you should know about when you buy a painted cabinetry. Despite that, the majority of our clients still buy painted wood cabinets. The painted wood tends to look a little softer, a little calmer, maybe a little warmer. I'm not really sure how you even define that to you, but you can tell the difference when you have a painted wood door. Then an MDF painted door, which is what you have here. This is an MDF door that's painted. There are no joints like in the wood door for it to crack. You don't get any stress cracks within an MDF door. However, people tend to think that an MDF door doesn't look as warm. Again, I don't know how to define that for you as warm as a wood painted door. Basically, what it is is part of the board. Highly compressed particle board that's squashed together by some sort of process. Then a machine, the panels are laid off and the machine routes out the shape of the door. Then it's sprayed to the color that's designed by the client or by the manufacturer that's built in the cabinets. You get yourself a good looking door without any stress cracks. Price doesn't even play a role because between wood and MDF, the price is about the same. Many manufacturers offer it at the same price level. Don't let that play in your decision because it doesn't matter. It all depends on what you want. Go to a dealer, go look, go see which one you like better. Try to figure out what I meant by warmer. I highly recommend if you're going to paint a cabinet, if you're going to paint, you're going for a painted look in a cabinet. I highly recommend going with MDF. You have no problem, no stress cracks whatsoever. In the end, it really comes down to what you prefer, but I would leave that way.