 It's a nice sunny day in Southern California. Three days after we had a big rain storm, you know what that means? Go for season. Grass hasn't started to grow yet this year. It's just January, but the gofers have started to dig. Alright, what are we going to do about those gofers? Well, there's the traps which I use. I've also tried some of those smoke bombs you put into the hole. But I was never really sure how effective those were. And I like to have a little visual confirmation that I got those gofers. Anyway, there's also the poison that you can put in the holes. I've had dogs before, so I didn't like to use that because the dogs eat it. There were any kind of animals eat it. They could kill them also. So anyway, I've kind of migrated towards using traps. The little macabre traps I use those before, but they're a little hard to work with. So what I found the best use is some black traps. They look like this. I'm going to preload the spring thing here, and you put it up against the hole. I'll show you in a minute how to do that. The reason why I have this other white PVC pipe is one time I've trapped a gofer, but overnight the coyotes took the gofer along with the trap and took off with it. I never found it again. The first digger round the hole, a lot of times you're not going to find where it is. So you're going to have to just keep going a little bit bigger or look for some softer dirt where it is opening. So because the back fill that tunnel, it's just a feeder tunnel. So two traps, I need side of the tunnel. So you need to go and open this up and then you can get your trap. Here's one end of the tunnel. Let's go right in there. Put a box in there. There's the other end of the tunnel. There's a different trap right here. Okay, let's set the traps here. Look at this put in. Bring it up against the hole. This should be good. Let's go up. This is hole. You know what you're going to be coming from. I won't even stake those. That should be fine. I will just wait for the gofers. We'll come back in a few hours and see if there's anything in there. There's been a few hours to check the traps. Ah, yes. See even on this front. There's a gofers. This is the full size of don't go for. I'll put the trap back in the hole but usually you're only going to get one out of the hole. Anyway, I took a few hours to get them. So that's how you do it.