 So here's the supplies I'm going to use to get started on this second coat today. I've got my mahogany and walnut dye mixed here with a 1-1 dilution with isopropyl alcohol, 90-1% I think it's called and I've got some water hand a wide paintbrush, a narrow paintbrush in case I want to get into some detail work water and a rag. Water's left over from yesterday but I'm going to keep it it's just what I washed my paintbrush out with last night so it's a little stained with dye but that's okay. So I'm going to wet my brush. I got a paint with my left hand so let me switch hands here with a camera. Okay dad bought a little excess. I don't want it to drip on the way. I already made a mistake and stained my son's cement on his garage floor once. I don't want to make that mistake again. I'm going to come over and we'll start right here just before the seam. Couple passes. Get down into that seam a little bit. And crease. Looks good. I don't want to have to do a third coat so I'm just going to put this on generously. You can see there's a little, I don't know if you can see it with camera. There's a little green right in this area. I'll just make sure I get that in there pretty good. I'll be turning this cushion in several directions. I'm going over it. Turn around so that the light faces a little better. Not really good lighting in the garage. Depending on the daylight to help me here mostly. Sorry. This is my first YouTube video where I'm holding the camera with one hand and working with the other. I'm not very skilled. A lot of green there in that little seam and that is an outside seam that will be exposed when you're sitting on the sofa. Be sure and get that. These little creases here. I'm going to take my little pink brush and get into them in a minute. I'm going to dry in a little while. It's going to be beautiful. I think using the paint brush, although it's a little tedious, is working out very well. I'm going to dry in a little bit. I'm going to dry in a little bit. I started out with two little eight ounce bottles. I didn't get very far with those. I was hoping I would because I read a reading online. Somebody said that they had accomplished a project using eight ounces of it and they had left over. I thought maybe I could do the same thing. But that's okay. I found a great company who worked with me, figuring out a few questions I had. As you can see, this first part that I did just a few minutes ago is already absorbed, soaked in. I don't see any hint of green at all. It's going to be great. I'm going to put a coat of the main part of the sofa. I think I'm dehydrated. Definitely hungry. I'm going to finish this side. I wanted to catch how it looks before it's permanently a new color. You You You You You You You