 Hey guys, welcome back to Part Out. I'm Nate and today we have a 2012 Chevy Tahoe that we're going to completely overhaul from being your traditional soccer mom or soccer dad vehicle and turn into a complete off road monster that you can still take the kids to soccer practice in. Now how we're going to achieve that is we're going to upfit it with a BDS 6 inch coilover conversion system and then we're going to get some fuel maverick wheels in there, 20 by 9's and then we're going to wrap some 35 inch nitotereg wrapper tires around there. We've got the wheels and tires off, vehicles on the lift, next we want to disconnect the battery for our own safety as we're working on the truck. Let's go. Next thing we're going to do is we're going to go ahead and get this sway bar out of the way. Then we're going to remove this cross member and we're going to take a chunk out of the driver's side, lower control arm mount and then we're going to go ahead and drop the differential. Kevin just finished up welding on our cross member plate here. We've got our new BDS knuckle right here and as you can see down here on the stock knuckle you can see quite a substantial difference on strength and sizing of the knuckles as well. So pretty cool layout here but we'll look over here. We actually took the diff out from the front of the Tahoe and we notch it out according to the instructions from the BDS site and so we notch it out here and we did a little notch down on the bottom. That way it's going to fit right in there with our new heavy duty cross members. Alright so one of the neat things about the BDS kit is it actually comes with skid plates for the kit as well so we're actually going to protect the front of ProJagle and we're also going to protect with our second skid the actual differential itself. So definitely a great thing to have as far as having extra added security when you're off roading. Alright so we're replacing the rear upper control arms and as you can see here's our stock one. This is the new BDS upper control arm and there's a substantial difference in actual strength and thickness to them so we're going to get rid of this. Another thing to take note of is that they actually have polyurethane bushings on both ends that are greaseful so you're going to get the longevity that you want out of these parts so go ahead and throw that on there and we're going to carry on. Alright so now comes the fun part putting on our Fox coilovers on this Tahoe. One thing that's really unique about these is they have DSC adjustment which is dual speed compression and basically what that means is we have these two toggles here where we can adjust the damping on the shocks. Now we have a low speed and a high speed switch on here which basically all that means is that our low speed settings we can adjust the damping on the shocks for rock crawling and all that kind of stuff and then if we want to do some high speed desert whoops or something like that we can adjust the high speed toggle to better dampen our shocks for the right performance we want. Alright so we've got the whole lift system installed. Now we're going to move on to the wheels and tires. Now here we've got the Nitto Terra Grapper tires they're an all-terrain style tire so it's going to be pretty good for on-road use they're not going to be too loud or anything like that but they're also going to be pretty fun if you're going to take the Tahoe on the trail right on the weekend kind of thing. We're actually going to be wrapping these tires around some fuel wheels to help finish the look of the truck so as we're going with the whole black style theme, black wheels, black truck, black interior, everything's black on this thing so we're going to finish this up putting the wheels on and then we're going to send it out for alignment and we'll be good to go. So here it is the 2012 Chevy Tahoe featuring the EDS 6-inch coilover conversion lift system. This BDS lift system drastically changes the look of the Chevy Tahoe as you gain 91% more ground clearance at the front crossmember. The heavy-duty ductile steering knuckles correct the steering geometry to OE angles at a 6-inch lift. Upfitted to this Tahoe are Fox 2.5 coilover shocks with remote reservoirs. Our reservoirs were upgraded to the DSC package for dual speed compression. Front skid plates are provided by BDS to help protect the front approach angle and differential. In the rear you'll get pro-ride coil springs that perform great on and off-road. There's also a track bar relocation bracket and adjustable upper control arms to properly adjust for the right pinion angle. We managed to fit some 35-inch Nitto Terra-Grappler tires that are 12.5 inches wide. We finished the look of this track with some fuel wheels, 20x9s with 5-inch backspacing. With this wheel and tire combo we still had to do some trimming up front, but overall the look of the SUV looks absolutely stunning. Now if you guys want to check out some more awesome off-road part videos, make sure you subscribe to part out. For right now we're going to continue driving this SUV, just enjoying the ride, and we'll see you guys next time.