 So I've got this stuff. We've on the house for a little over three years now and it was already cut down when we got here. So it's been cut down for quite a while. And I have considered bringing a grinder and coming in and grinding it out. But I had a thought earlier in the year. I guess it was then in the last year. We bought one of those logs that you can get at the home center that has a hole drilled down through it and a hole to the side that you can light as a campfire in the one log last for a long time. So I started having the idea of why I'm not trying drilling down in the logs and then drilling a hole from the side and see if I can get to just burn itself out from the inside out. So it may be too wet down in there to work. But I've got nothing to lose. So I thought I'd try it and see what you guys worked or not. You didn't really think I was going to do that all by hand did you? Yeah, it works like some termites might have been down in there. Alright, I just saw a hook through. Cause it's really cold out here. And I'm a little impatient. I think I'm going to take the easier out. I hate the waste of care seen. And something like this. Okay, it looks like it's finally on fire. Now I'm going to go down the road. So I finally got the fire going and I'm just trying to keep it going long enough to get it real good hot on the inside. So I put this one. So it's been burning really good for about an hour now. You can see it is really hollowed out down inside there. And there's my side holes. They have really opened up quite a lot. I'm just going to let it burn and come back out here after a while and see what's looking. I'm about three hours in now and it is still going strong. You can see how much bigger the holes have gotten. There's definitely some heat coming off of it. On the three sides that I drilled the hole in, you know, it's gotten really close to the edges. Now I wish I would have drilled a fourth one on this side to really get the fire to go evenly. It might not have made a difference but I think it would have helped because right now the side I didn't draw the hole in is quite a bit thicker than the other sides. So it's 11 a.m. the next day. I came out here about seven this morning and it was about nine degrees. I didn't feel like it was really, I don't think it was just a little bit of smoke. I just got back and like I said it's 11 a.m. and still smoldering. The top part of the stuff is almost gone. Now this is a very deep wide stump so I might actually bring some wood and set fire to it on. Let's start another fire on top of this. Now all in all it worked pretty good to be honest. So I went and picked up some dead branches and blew on the embers a few times and it's off back and going again. I'm probably trying to keep this thing fed throughout the day to see if I can keep burning it down.