 Good morning everybody, it's Friday! Yay! It's end of the week, finally. Alright, so this is what we're doing today. Washing the bedsheets, it's Friday, and today is bedsheet washing day. Which since we're washing the actual sheets today, I also have our whites mixed in with it. I actually discovered this morning that Zander has been hiding most of his socks behind his bed. So I'm going to go in there and I'm going to grab all the socks to add to this pile of stuff. And I'm going to throw these in the wash along with the dishwasher tablet that I talked about before. And you all will see that everything comes out nice and gleaming white when it's done. This is what I found behind his bed. One, two, three, four, five socks. All behind his bed. I guess he thought it was fun to take them off and throw them back there. I don't know. That's what Terry said anyway. So I'm hoping this will even out because actually I do have one sock in there that didn't have match, so this should even that out. Here's hoping anyway. Alright, I'm going to throw these in the wash. Alright, so we have all of our laundry in there and I'm going to add the dish soap tab. This is the finished power ball packet, so I just throw that in with it. And then I just go ahead and bleach everything like I normally do and wash it on as hot as it can go. Oh, and actually my thing has the whitest whites setting. See, whitest whites. So I set it on that and it won't let me go to extra hot. So I just go to hot and accelerate the wash. And then I put in my detergent. And since this is a small load, I'm just going to go to the normal part. Okay, I actually technically could have gone below that that I always liked it at least. Go to the normal mark down here. And then we grab our bleach. We still do bleach even though we have the laundry soap in there. We still want to add the bleach in. So we add that into the bleach compartment there. And of course, I'm going to make a mess because I'm trying to do this one handed. And I put a lot of bleach in there guys just because I like my stuff to come out, gleaming white. And so I filled that up to the max even though this is a small load. All right. And then I close that. Oh yeah, got to go. The fabric softener too. I'm not doing. I used gang. We love gang. Love the smell. And I actually overflow the fabric softener because I like my bed sheets to be soft. All right. And we close that up and we hit the start button. And it's going to go. And it's going to sense the load to see how much is in there. And it's going to start washing. And it should be done in less than an hour because this was a really small load. And there you have it. That's how you wash your whites and get them gleaming white.