 Hi everyone, it's Hope and Annie. Today we are going to do a DIY craft called Mason Joke Lights. So what you need in Christmas light, Mason Joke from Walmart, neon dye colorings you can also get from Walmart, school glue. You can just use a box school glue if you want and then normal just paint brushes for glass bowls. So, and that's what you need for Mason Joke Lights. So since there's four neon colored guys, we are going to be using four jars. So, then you're going to get your glue and you're going to pour the glue into all your bowls. Like just a little, maybe up to here. And they don't have to be there. Even. Yeah, doesn't really, you don't have to bend your own way. So, let's pour our glue into our little bowls. I do not want to close. Okay, that's enough. It looks so yummy. It's not that heavy. It's just heavy for glue. Oh, it's dripping. I know. So, now we're just going to get like a little drop. I'm going to do three in each. I just did a big drop and we just like mix our colors. And if it soaks a little white, you can add. You can add a little more dye. I got these colors so light-rooted. I mixed my glue already and now I'm mixing my paint. I added two more drops of pink. Wait, look at the glue. I think it's green. And now what we're going to do next is we're going to grab our jars and we're going to open our lips and just like paint that. Take a little bit of paint in inside. Inside one color and I'm going to do my blue first. I'm doing my purple. If you get these small ones, it's really hard to paint the inside. You got to get like a lot. We're going to try this in the middle since these paint brushes aren't working. So we're going to pour our dye into the water. And they're going to like roll it around to make it like the shape. And it actually works really well. If you don't have enough, you might find some of my stuff for like a lot of it. Well, I have a bigger paintbrush for the next one so it might be easy for me. I know, but I'm still going to do this. Oh gosh, it's dripping. I think I'm done. So now let's look at all this. Look how easy now. Yeah, we're definitely going to do this with our next draw because it was really easy. Now we're going to let that one stay right here. And why we do our next one. I'm going to try to use the big paintbrush since it's big. And it might be a lot more easier. Yeah, it might. It's a lot more easier now. It's done. Really pretty pink. Like this neon pad. That is pretty. Okay, so we got wax paper and we got a cookie tray. And we're going to get our jars and we're going to put them upside down on the wax tray for 10 minutes. For two. We're going to put it in the oven for 30 minutes to bake. So we're going to put the oven on for 3.50. I'm going to go. Start. Now we bake for 30 minutes. So we're going to check up and see if the rays come out of the oven. They're nice and clear. So I think they're going to come out. I'm going to get our moms to take some house. We're going to let it cool for about five minutes. Let's put the wax paper now. So we just put a little bit of the counter there. You got to go really. I mean that is. Oh thank you. Assistant. Okay. I'm going to set it. Thank you. You're welcome. So so rest of the stuff. I'm going to put more. Okay. Everything. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. If you don't feel like pouring and looks a lot for your inside though. Now it looks like throw up.