 Music That's so nice. Oh, sorry. Welcome to the guitar tricks channel. I'm Neil Walter your host this week, New Lesson and a tip. We had a request right here on YouTube. How do I make a regular guitar sound like it has a whammy bar? Very good question. Tip of the week is how to make beefier chords without doing anything extra to your guitar. If you're playing a chord on the A string, a power chord, T and E, quick way to beef it up is to drop that pinky down on the A string and add the next note on the same fret. So you go from this to this. Take it out and same with these. Just have the note below the index finger. Instead of this, you get this. There it is. Nice and chunky. It's like cheating, drop tuning without actually dropping the tuning. Lesson of the week, whammy bar action right here. I've got three tips that will help you get a whammy bar sound. And one of them is using the tuning pegs. Number two is manipulating the strings above the nut or below the bridge. And another way you can do it is by pre-bending the string with your right hand and then doing a trill with your left hand. Here we go. We do a dive bomb on the E string just using the tuner. You've got to kind of use your ear to get the tune backing because it will usually be out a little bit. Second way is using the space above the nut, playing with the strings, adding tension and making the strings tighter. You can also use the area beyond the bridge to do a pre-bend. Just push down. Do a trill with your left hand. And the third way to make a foe whammy bar out of your less paw is to bring your right hand over here. This one looks kind of too cool too. Grab a string and bend it up while applying pressure with your left hand above it. That's the third way to do it right there. A little whammy bar action even though you don't have a whammy bar. Just remember that especially with electric guitars, especially when you got it up loud, every little piece of the instrument becomes, can make noise, sound, music, you can really create your own sound, get innovative, experiment around, you know, get creative, think outside of the box, more than just scales and notes, and think about your guitar as like a breathing living instrument. That's our lesson for this week. We'll be back here in seven days. You can leave me a request. I'm at guitar tricks.com in the forum. My space YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, we're a Twitter and a Facebook. See you back here real soon.