 This is Cricket's new playmate, a six week old great Pyrenees puppy. This is his first morning with us and he came from a barn where his litter and his mother was and just absolutely flea ridden and dirty and he much needed a bath and with the fleas so great I read a lot about dawn this soap and after research I went ahead with it and there really was no problems at all. I watched another video who suggested doing around the neck first because when the fleas go to run for a higher ground hopefully that'll be kind of a roadblock to keep them all from rushing up to his head and his eyes and his nose which they did to some extent but hopefully this helped and he's just really not happy about being in the sink at all. So then step number two I also found out that the fleas can also run the other way and try and basically hide up his butt so I didn't take any chances and I lathered up his butt really good first also with his neck and there was really no problems with the dawn dish soap. There was no reactions, it didn't hurt him at all, not even so much as dry skin, anything like that so I went ahead and got a good lather. I've just used in enough water to sort of help keep a lather up. I'm not really getting really really wet. Just a little to keep a nice thick lather of dawn and at this point you can see the lather and already I'm seeing fleas starting to run for it and they're on my fingers and you can see them and I'm really starting to see the flea dirt as well and the poor thing was just so flea and fast that it was ridiculous. So now I'm trying to comfort him a little bit, he's really unhappy being in the sink. I went ahead and lathered up his tail to try not to skip anything and I knew we were going to go ahead with the flea comb afterwards but I was trying to get his best job I could do with the dawn and carry on just getting a little more water on there. I'm not ready to really get him really wet yet. I'm just enough to keep a little lather going and the way the fleas, the movement with the fleas, you could really tell that they don't like dawn that's for sure. So now we're going to get the temperature just right so it's not too cold. He seemed to be really uncomfortable with the whole thing but having the water a little warmer than skin temperature seemed to be the best to do for him. We're getting this top rinse down really well and we're rinsing his belly and he's not going to be able to take his baths in a sink too long. He's going to grow out of it really quickly. But for now it's working out pretty well. I just went ahead and laid a towel down inside the sink and he's getting more comfortable already. Already you can sense that he's a little more at peace not having the fleas just practically eating him alive. I took a second towel to get him nice and dry. Now he's a little happier. I got the brush right away to help let the flea comb go through his fur a little better. So then we got him out of the sink and now it's time to go ahead with a little flea combing and he smelled so much better at this point. I left no stone unturned. Fortunately my son was able to help me put a little time into it because it did take some time to get it. They really did flock to his head to some degree but we got him all and they were getting his eyes and this point I'm just here picking them by hand. I think in the bowl here from the flea comb we counted like 32 fleas and there he is. Much happier now.