 Hello, it's Asa and today I'm going to show you guys how to make this to be a Tutu Heideco inspired skirt. The main inspiration is from two sources, Betsy Johnson, one because she is always a major cool, goofy dresser. Number two is the South Korean girl group FX and they have really crazy cool fashions and it's really different. This is the skirt. I wanted to make like a Tutu kind of skirt, I searched Tutu and then I get all these kind of ballerina stuff but I wanted it more like a pedicote kind of like this. So there's two tiers. There's this waistband stretch. The first tier which is gathered and the bottom tier which is gathered even more. Underneath has additional menace, maybe 15 feet as well as a one layer of lining. The fabric is, it's a Halloween print, it has silver skulls all over it. Dress you can see the fabric more better. You can see all the skulls. There's one layer, one layer. Here's a stretchy waistband with an elastic, wide elastic right here. The first tier, the second tier. Underneath we have one long layer of netting, two of you, as also called. It's half the seven up and then we have another shorter layer down here and then the black is what's going on too. This is the lining. That's all. The same all the way around. Here's for the waistband. One of the most stretchy piece of like curl material and I've just made a tube and this will go around your waist right. And then we'll attach the skirt here. So I have the elastic here. We're going to surge this on to the circle. Then we'll make the hem down and then we'll start making the skirt and we can attach it to here. I just want to cut out the lining. So I've got this long thing. It's almost, let's check. It has to be bigger than the waistband that you have because we're going to gather this. This will be attached here and then we'll have all the layers on top. So just finish this hem and you can wait to do the bottom hem until you have all the layers on to see what the final length of this. And this length is here is to the length of, I just measure down to my knee to the length of your skirt. So we're going to make the first tier and I've cut out two long strips. I'm going to do the shorter tier and we're going to over here. So the hem here and then we're going to gather the entire top. When you're gathering you want a straight stitch on the longest length and then you sew within the seam allowance. Just like that. And because this fabric is very thin you don't need to do double rows of stitching because sometimes you just stitch it once and then again right next to it to be able to pull them so that this can gather nice and evenly. But since this is the material you can just do it once. Once you finish the stitching like this, you take one of the threads, don't pull both because I won't do anything. Take one of the threads and then you just pull gently and then you adjust the gathers along. And then you adjust them. Okay, so I finished gathering. This is two widths of this fabric and so I think it's pretty good and this would be wrapped around and this would be attached like this. Like this. Okay, we're going to finish all the layers before we start touching it here. So now we're doing the second layer down here. This would be a longer. Just a note, whenever I'm cutting these strips here, I'm using these scissors that are called pinking shears. You see how they have these jagged, zigzag teeth and that way it helps from to stop to fraying. See, over here I didn't because it was the end of the roll. So when you gather it, it starts to fray a lot and you don't want anything to come on. What we're going to do is we're going to attach the top layer to the circle now to the top waistband as well as the lining. Now you've sewn this part on. You can see here is the skirt. The lining don't worry about the length because later we'll get the correct length. That's where we put the second layer on. Full width of the bottom tier is seven widths of my fabric and compared to the top is only two widths. So look, check how long this is. Going, going, going, going, going. More, more, more, more, more. Wow. It's almost like double my height. Did the second layer on? Looks like this. I'm forgetting about the lining ones, did that last right? And so what I want to do is add a bit of knitting because I still want a bit more proofy. So I've got two layers here. This is the longer one. It's going to be sewn over the lining. So under here, we're going to gather this first. This will be sewn on top here and then we'll have this shorter one that will go just underneath it so the bottom will be a bit more proofy. This is going to double. I've finished sewing on the tier here. Underneath you can see I've got the one, two double layers in that. The top layer that will do the way down and then the next shorter one here to make the bottom more proofy. I've also finished off the hem for the lining. Or you just cut it, make sure it's shorter than the final thing and then just bring their hem to the thing. But for here, if you really want to and if you have a lot of lace, you can put lace at the bottom of this trim. I'm not going to do that. I'm just going to do a rolled hem. Looks like this. It's with the surger. And so this is finished the hem and it's much faster and it's just thread their wraps it around so it stops it from fraying and finishing. I hope you enjoyed this tutorial and enjoyed watching make it and hopefully you'll help you learn to make your own. So thanks for watching. Bye bye.