 Hey everybody, thanks for stopping in. On my last video I made some chili cheese fries and that video got more likes than any video I've done in a long time. So today I'm going to make a grilled chili and cheese sandwich in my toaster oven. So let's get toaster. Alright, so let's put this sandwich together here. I have a piece of white bread and I've already spread the outside with mayonnaise. You can use butter if you like but I like using mayonnaise on my grilled sandwiches. Well technically this would be toasted but you could grill this in the frying pan if you wanted. Okay, then I'm going to put a piece of sliced velvet of cheese on there and I have some turkey chili with no beans. So I'm going to spread some of this on there. And you can see this turkey chili, there's no fat floating on the top of this at all. It's a little lower fat, a little healthier than the regular chili. Alright, this is going to be good but it is also going to be messy I think. Actually I know it is because I made one the other day and it was kind of messy but it was good. Okay, put another piece of cheese on top and then I'm going to spread a little man's mayonnaise on the outside of my top piece of bread. Then I'm just going to cook this in my toaster oven. Like I said, you could do this in a frying pan if you prefer. I like the toaster oven because I think it heats through a little bit more evenly and also it browns from the top so it's easier to tell when you need to flip it. I set my oven to 350 degrees on bake and this is brown from the top. So as soon as the top is brown, we'll pull it out and flip it over. It's been about five minutes so let's check on this. Top is browning nicely so let's flip it over. Back in we go until the top side is brown. It's been about five minutes on this side. Let's check on it. Looks nice and golden. Let's get that out of there. This sandwich is super hot but you can see all the melted cheese running out of there. It looks good. I'll try to cut it in half without destroying it. See guys, it looks like in the middle here. There we are. Look at that. Look how hot that is. So you know what? I know it's good because I made one the other day and I'm not going to take a bite when it's that hot. So if you guys like the video, I hope you'll subscribe. Thanks for watching and I'll talk to you guys next time.