 Learning about pineapple from a bay. Now this is the trolley setup for the pineapple from a bay. We have the Bibi plate with the service gear. You push the trolley with Bibi plate and service gear. Then you go back to the pantry area and bring the stove and the pantry leader and you land up everything and the top left corner of the trolley. Then you go to the pantry again and come back with the pineapple on a niseplate along with the condiments that we need for flambé. The condiments you place in between the stove and the Bibi plate and below the condiments you keep the plate with the pineapple. Right? Any questions so far? Very good. Then you set your stove on the fire and sprinkle the sugar on the flambé pan. The sugar is not coming out freely. Open the cover and sprinkle evenly on the flambé pan. Make sure you have an even layer of the sugar. Now since this is a direct method you have to caramelize the sugar first. Once the sugar caramelizes then you add the pineapple into the flambé pan. Sugar caramelizes at about temperature. What? For an item of Celsius. Sugar caramelizes at 180 degrees Celsius. Sugar is slowly caramelizing. Be careful that the sugar does not get burnt. Once sugar starts caramelizing you transfer the pineapple on the sugar. Then you have to cook the pineapple slices. Try not to add the orange juice at very early stage. The moment you add the orange juice the sugar will not caramelize the sugar. The sauce will not be able to get the proper colour. Golden brown colour. As you can see that the moment we added the orange juice the sugar has turned into crystal form. Because the orange juice was cold. I am doing this in order to dissolve all the sugar. You can see the colour is coming off nicely. Since the bubbles are quite big that means the source is a bit dry. So add a bit more orange juice. Make sure you cook the pineapple slices properly. Later you will see that once the pineapple is cooked the colour of the pineapple slice will turn into slightly white. You have to cook the pineapple from both the sides. Once the one side is cooked you flip the pineapple and cook from the other side. You can see the pineapple has been cooked. The colour has changed. You can see the pineapple has been cooked. The colour has changed. Once the pineapple is cooked then you do the flambé using rum. Why do we use the rum? Because pineapple is a tropical fruit. Rum is made from sugar cane. It is also a tropical fruit. That is why they both blend very well. You can see the front side of the pan. The smoke is coming out. Push in the fire. You tap the sugar on the fire. This is how we do the flambé. You turn off the fire. Clear the condiments and the dessert plate. And come up with the dessert plate for the presentation. You do the plating. And put the sauce on the plate. This is how we do the flambé. Any questions?