 Hello everyone and welcome as promised today we're going to be making a corn squash. This is an corn squash. You're going to need two of these, right? And we're going to be making them stuffed with quinoa cranberries and pecans and some fig mission, mission figs I should say. So as promised, so you're going to start by cutting your acorn squash and I'll post all the ingredients in the comments as always. So you want to cut this is your acorn squash. You want to cut it this way, not this way because then you won't have the point of tip you won't be able to bake it because it's going to block all of this way. You can bake it. Grab yourself a nice little spoon. And get all of a flesh on the inside out. Preheat your oven to 400 degrees and we're going to bake this for about, let's say a good 50 to 60 minutes. You want a nice color on them. Get all that membrane out of the inside. Put that aside. Then here I have a tablespoon of olive oil with a, I'm sorry, two tablespoons of olive oil and one tablespoon of maple syrup, a pinch of salt and some cinnamon. Whisk it up really nice. And then you're going to grab your halves of acorn and brush this glaze on it. That's going to give it a beautiful color and some amazing flavor. Coat it all on the inside and out. The stuffing is going to be like a sweet savory. So you're going to do this to all four pieces of your butter nut squash. Okay. And let me go ahead and finish the other, the other acorn and I'll be back. You're going to go ahead and put them on a plate on your baking. This side up, not down. All right. Let's get this in the oven. So before we get this started, you're going to need one cup of cooked quinoa. And just do it for your instructions on the package. I couldn't find the tricolor quinoa or the red quinoa, but if you can find the red or the tricolor that it looks more attractive, I don't think there's any difference in nutritional value, but this is all I could find. So this is one cup of white quinoa that I cooked. Cooked with an vegetable broth. Then here I have, I'm going to put a tablespoon of olive oil, or you can water saute whichever you want. And then I have here one onion. And I have my meaty and heat on. I'm sorry, that was half of onion. You know what, I'm just going to put the comics, all the portions of comics just the same time. I have just the white part and the light green part of a leek. That was just about a half of a leek. I didn't even realize this didn't cook. It doesn't matter. And mushrooms. You don't like mushrooms, don't put it in, or chop it up real small. So this is reduced quite a bit. Now we're going to go ahead and add a green pepper and a red pepper. Now I'm going to put the quinoa. You can use soy sauce, tamarind, whatever you like. I'm going to put one tablespoon. A tablespoon of balsamic vinegar. This will offset the taste of the cranberry really nice. It may seem strange, but it does give it a nice way to add garlic cloves, finely chopped. I'm going to let this cook for a little bit. We'll let it reduce more. I have dried mission figs, dried cranberries and pecans. Put that in there. One of these, the veggie bouillon, no salt added. I'm going to add one. Add about a quarter cup of water. Just add the veggie broth. Once the veggie broth is dissolved, mix it into a little thing now. Here I have the Italian seasoning and sage, smoked paprika, poultry seasoning, cinnamon and thyme. Add a little bit of sugar. Add the quinoa. The entire cup of quinoa. Add the lemon juice. Two tablespoons of nutritional yeast. A lot of people don't cook with nutritional yeast. They just think it's good for making cheese sauces. Nutritional yeast is very delicious when you add it to a vegan chicken broth. If you're making a veggie broth type of thing, it adds a whole layer of flavors. Use it for a lot of your cooking. It's not just for making vegan cashew cheese. Add cracked pepper to taste. Add a little bit of water. Just to degrade the pan again. Salt to taste. Probably about a teaspoon of salt. Let me taste it for salt. Oh my god. This is really good. With the sweetness of the squash, it's going to be insane. Here we are. Let's just come out of the oven. It looks beautiful. It smells so good. What I like doing is just scoring it a little bit on the bottom. I'm going to check it out. There's a little bit of liquid that sits on the bottom. If you look at this one, you see that liquid? When you score, it sinks down into the lower fibers. Now just take your stuffing and be generous. Hold this baby up. And you got that beautiful cinnamon flavor in the maple cinnamon flavor in the squash. And the acorn squash. Delicious. If you want, garnish it with a little bit of parsley on the top. And that's it. Or some chopped pecans on the top. That would be awesome too. What I have here is a nice little plate of salad. Here we are guys. That's what it looks like. And it's absolutely divine. So as always, everyone. Thanks for tuning in. Let me try this recipe out. If you do, please let me know what you thought are. And as always, thanks for tuning in. And peace. Let me cast a tukasa. And be a giant, everyone. Take care.