 Hello there everybody. So here I have my mint that has been dried in the sun. Now it took about three or four days to get it fully dried. As you know here in New Orleans it's very humid so to get it dried perfectly takes a little longer than most dry places. But I did research drying it in the oven and drying it in the microwave. And although those two ways are far faster than doing it this way, I don't like the science of bombarding microwave radiation into my mint or into any of my herbs in order to dry it. And I didn't want to have to spend money on gas to dry it either. You don't have to warm up the stove and things like that. So I didn't want to have to do that. Now I did think about getting a dehydrator but there aren't any really good ones that are less than two or three hundred dollars. So for the use that I'm going to have it and for the infrequent time that I'm going to use it, it's not worth it. So with all things being equal, sun drying is the best way for me. So I wanted to show you what I do after I've dried my herb. Basically I just go ahead and strip the whatever you know stems I have of the dry. Now you can also hear how crispy everything feels and that's how dry you want it. Basically you know you want to be able to just be able to crumble it like that. So let me go ahead and finish these up and then I'll come back to you and show you what I'm going to do next to preserve my mint, my lemon balm and soon my stevia. Okay so here we are and as you can see I went ahead and invested in one of these juicers here. It's a 900 watt ninja and I've already tried it out pretty good and I love it. I really do. Here's my dried leaves here and basically I'm just going to go ahead and fill out. I don't need to fill out the big one just a little small one here works fine. Okay and then I'm going to go ahead and screw the top on and it's really cool because once you lock it all you have to do is press down. Now what I forgot to do was dry the machine so you have a little compensation in it. But there we have it. Oh it smells incredible. So all we have to do is store it in a nice dry spot and it'll be fine. Okay so as a side note I wanted to let you know that I had you know lots of branches, a whole bunch of branches and I had to spend four days to make this and you might be saying well is it worth it the four days and you know so little bit of quality for all that. Well although it does take time just like any good gardening does it's worth it to me because even though it's a little bit the concentration in a dried herb is much much more than in its fresh counterpart. So when I'm going to go use this for teas and things like that so once I do use this for tea all I'm going to use is I mean maybe a pinch maybe half a teaspoon or something like that and it'll be wonderful and I'm going to use my little curry go over there and I already used it with my lemon balm and it's incredible as a matter of fact let me show you my lemon balm. Now with the lemon balm it took the same maybe about I don't know maybe about three days and I dried it in the sun so I dried it a little faster because I dried it in the actual sun but I was I had been reading and I heard that that's not the best way although maybe in the future I will dry it in the direct sunlight because it is a little faster and it dries a little bit more evenly but as you can see I got a lot more this will last me maybe I don't know six months or so because even though I drink tea every day I tried a tea spoonful and it was so strong I needed to it gave me two glasses of two twelve ounce glasses of tea of lemon balm tea so like I said I'm going to probably use in the future I have a teaspoon I have my little curry cup that I use and I'm going to put this in there and it would be wonderful so thank you very much.