 Hi, I'm Chef Barbara Mazzaliana from Deuce Valley Natural Foods. Today I'm going to show you how to make a chicken and rice crockpot recipe. Cooking in a crockpot is really easy. You just take out all your ingredients, measure them, and then put them in the crockpot, turn it on, and you're ready to go. I'm going to put in a quarter cup of olive oil, and then I've chopped three chicken breasts into bite-sized pieces that I'm going to put inside. I'm just going to let that cook for a minute. Then I have 1 tablespoon of chopped garlic, 1 onion chopped up finely, and 1 pepper. I'm going to add those in a minute to the chicken, later on top. I'm going to give the chicken a stir, and you want to always hold the handle. You don't want to touch the rim here because it gets really hot. I'm going to give the chicken a stir, and then I'm going to add my 1 tablespoon of chopped garlic. I'm going to add my finely diced onion, and my diced red pepper. I'm using a red bell pepper, but if you like heat, you can use a hot pepper, anyone that you like. I'm going to give that a quick stir. Then I'm going to add 1.28 ounce can of diced tomato. If you like heat, you can use fire roasted. I'm going to add that right on top. Then I'm going to add 3 cups of chicken broth to the pot. Today I'm going to be using a rice and bean fusion. I'm using a, it has a blend of brown rice, red rice, and law rice, red beans and black beans. I'm going to add 3 cups of the chicken broth. I'm going to give that a mix through. This is what I love about rice, about crock pots. Just put all the ingredients in. It's so easy. Now I'm going to add 2 cups of corn. Now if it was seasonal, I would put the corn fresh. It's not in season right now, so I'm using frozen corn. That's always my second choice. Give that a stir. Now I'm just going to season it up. I have a 1.25 ounce of cayenne pepper. Then I'm just going to sprinkle on. Then some black pepper and kosher salt. I'm going to be using a jettar sauce on the pepper. And kosher salt as well. I'll give it 1 more stir. Then I'm going to set it to high. I'm going to put the lid on. Now you never want to lock the crock pot top. You just want to keep it open. Just push it down to make sure it seals. Then my timer's on. I'm actually going to set it for 2 hours because I want to check it in 2 hours and give it a stir. So we'll come back to this later. Here we have our chicken and rice in a crock pot recipe. I hope you enjoy it.