 Hey guys, it's Ali here from Fit For Fatima today. I am making a dinosaur birthday cake for my son's birthday and I thought I would show you guys some of my piping expertise if we would call it that. And being careful, I think it's pumpkin. So I'm just using a Wilson's number 21. This is basically like what I use for everything. Just have a zip lock bag and you saw that I just cut a little hole in it. What's cutting the hole in it? Well we cut the little hole in it so that we can put the piping tip in it. Okay. Then I fold this back. For ease of filling, I would put this in like a cup or a bowl. So you see I just like rolled this over the edge and then you guys tell us very thanks the best. So why not just stick with it. So I have my postberry frosting here because I don't have time to make this thing. Because it's a dinosaur have a tap. We need to have some green leafs and flowers and bushes right. Okay. Okay. Well the dinosaur cake is for my niece birthday, isn't it? Then you can just roll it back like really easily. I know so silly. Of course my tip got weird. Okay there we go. So then you just squeeze it a little bit until it comes out the tip and then you'll see it's coming out there. And then I just twist it off and then it's easy clean up. Like you don't have to buy pastry bags. Like you always have a zip lock bag in the house. Don't squeeze it yet. You're right. Okay. So what I have here is I did. Okay. So I did one whole cake box on the bottom and just you can do two rounds or one big round whatever you want. And then I did a small round and I cut that in half to make like this kind of waterfall scene here. And then all the way around it I used these chocolate fudge cookies. And I just broke them into pieces. Right. Just like however just to make it look like I feel like it kind of looks like I have a tap that's being enclosed like almost like it was a fence or something. So I just frosted everything with chocolate and then these are just a little dinosaur kit that my son already has. And then I'm gonna go through and just do some accents of like bushes and I can show you how I did that. Afterwards I'll show you how I did a rose set on we had some leftover. We're gonna put one more dinosaur after I do the bushes. I'll show you how I did the like rose looking things on the cupcakes. Are you stealing that cookie? You can have that go get your learning tower. Go on. So bush bushes. Okay that's where you go ahead. So I'm just gonna do like little I don't know. I never really made a a bush but I'm just gonna kind of like like that that the official description. Yes. I'm gonna put some on here by the waterfall and like kind of under the tree. And I'm just doing like I feel like they look like kind of little bushes. You know can you even see those aren't even out here? You see just like little bushes and I'm just like holding the piping bag and smushing it until some comes out and then releasing. So that's kind of the process that I'm using. I squeeze too much. So those are my bushes. I mean clean this up. I'll show you the rest. Okay my last little tip and trick for having like a still clean looking plate platter is just to put this wax paper underneath like the edge of your cake and then you can just like pull them out nice and slow and then you don't have to worry as much about like frosting getting everywhere. Not nice super simple right? A little bit of wax paper. For my son's birthday and one of my friends said I should do a little video to show you guys how to make the flowers. So I just do a Ziploc bag and I put the um I don't even know what they're called like the little bakery point on the bag. I just cut the corner in the Ziploc as you can see there and then I twist it and then to make the flowers I start in the middle and then I go counterclockwise just nice and slow around in the circle and then whip it up when you're done. You want to see it again? In the middle nice and slow. I use that left hand to just kind of keep me steady. So just some instead of regular old frosting boring you know trying to liven it up a little bit here with these homemade funfetti cakes. Ta-da! Ta-da! All right have a good day.