 So I forgot to mention the last one. So I forgot to mention the last one. The topic of all things daily as I do. So someone was on a pint-sized gardener and she was saying she tried a daily last year at no success eating by slugs. And it was only this year that she was talking to people on social media. She said, oh, struck them off on pots. Didn't know you could do that. What a great idea. So I have a lot of my daily is actually in pots on the various stages of sprouting. So I popped on down to the garden center and they got a daily tube. We just do a wee demonstration. This one is called Mulan Rouge and you can see it's a lovely red and white. It looks nice, isn't it? 100 centimeters in height, but that's about waist height. So that's just about, now it is late for doing tube wear as stain is, but it's not too late. And you can see this one. It's actually sprouting in the bag. You can see that little chute there. So as I plant this, I'll see if I can orientate that chute just a little bit. I don't want to break it, but just a little bit descended in the right direction. That's the top of the plant. And that's obviously the roots themselves. So putting it on to look for a pot that will fit reasonably snugly into. I have a variety of sizes here to choose from. That's probably just a little bit tight. So I go for the bigger five liter pot. So compost is always a mixture of topsoil, sieve topsoil. And compost. And I've some grit in there as well. And of course, the odd snail just make life interesting. Of course they love daily, is it? And for this, for the pot, the way I put the compost in the pot, you can see it there. And I hope it's where I just, I sort of have a little mound in the middle. This will fit over the mound. So you don't have to do that. That's a good way of making sure that the soil is in underneath the tubers. So something along nuts or the lonesome. And then just fill in around. Giving it a good shake as I go. I don't want any air pockets in where those tube reshrews are. And a good watering then will finish. And we'll move the soil in. Where I fully want to. That's the thing when you're doing them a little bit later and they're pretty sprout. You know, that one's going off in a certain direction, but that's okay. That's okay. It'll write itself. And if I want I can get a little cane and pop a little cane on to it. I'm not sure that I will. I'll see. At the moment I'm just quite happy to have a pot. And that's the way to start your day is off rather than in the soil. It's as simple as that into a nice sheltered area. I have the green house here behind me, but any sort of nice sunny patio. And I think by July, maybe mid July because for this one, there'll be full of these flowers. Of course, if you're doing daily is. And you'll have a few different ones. Always good. Always good to make sure that you're labeling them. So you can tell one from the other. And I'll cut them once I get it. There you go. You can see it's nicely shooting away there. And that one there has some even taller softer shoots. So once there's four pairs of leaves, four pairs of these guys showing wet that height, I'll pinch out and let it push up. Okay. Thanks for watching. Talk you soon. Bye.