 Hi guys, I'm designer Shirley Mercano and today I'm going to show you how to use Rustolium's metallic primer and paint in one in the oil rub bronze. I ended up buying a brand new office desk and the legs were not quite the color that I had imagined. They were supposed to be silver however, they ended up being a sad metallic gray and I don't do well with sad so I'm going to go ahead and spray paint that sadness away into a beautiful happy oil rub bronze color which will also match the rest of my home. Now if you stay tuned I will show you exactly what materials you'll need as well as share some photos from before and after. First you'll need a can of Rustolium metallic primer and paint in one. It comes in different colors and finishes but I chose to go with oil rub bronze. Next you'll need some protective eyewear which you can find at any hardware store. 400 grit sandpaper, a microfiber rag to wipe off the dust after sanding, disposable or reusable latex gloves or any other protective kind of gloves. Last but certainly not least is a charcoal respirator mask. This is the most important item as our lungs can not extract any dust particles that we might inhale while we're sanding whether it's dust, metal or anything of the sort. Also it'll keep the toxic fumes away. With safety covered we're ready now to sand. I find these 400 grit sandpaper sheets at Home Depot leaving this wrap around and cover two sides at once or you can just go in circular motion. The goal here is to get rid of the heat so that the primer and heat can adhere better and this also helps with durability in your product. Once the surface is prepped we are now ready to spray paint and that is the fun part. Don't forget to shake this spray paint can often and also make sure to administer the spray paint in continued sideways motions as it was treated. This will ensure more even paint job. In 30 minutes you'll be able to provide a second coat of necessary or an hour depending on the humidity outdoors and at which point you can also add a third coat is necessary to cover any spots that have been missed. This product is an amazing job and as you can see it deals on not only wood and metals, plastic and masonry so it's kind of a miracle work on. My spray paint job product has come to a conclusion and here's the finalized product. Not bad it looks just like foil rubbed. Once I fully trusted this product I went ahead and restored some of my screen door hardware. Here's the final product and of course here is the fully finished table. So I hope you enjoyed this video and that you were able to learn enough to find the courage and confidence to tackle some of your own spray painting jobs around your home. Now let me know what you think about the final product in the comments down below. Thank you for watching and lots of love. Bye!