 Hello, we're going to mix a little dye today and I'll just take you through the process kind of quickly. It's not very difficult. A few things to make it easier. I use a dry funnel. This should have a big enough opening so that the dry dye powder does not get clogged as it's going through. I use a small wet funnel sometimes and I have about four different measuring spoons. We've got the tablespoon, the teaspoon, and a half a tablespoon and a half a teaspoon. I also use a lid from one of my dye things so that when I pour, this is the fixer. I mean, sorry, the urea solution that will come if you have my kit, this should already be, solution in the bottle or a couple ounces. And you also want a mask. It's recommended you wear an OSHA approved mask when handling dye powder because it is carcinogenic. It has been shown in the state of California to cause problems. But anyway, we've got it to you. We have the bottle with the urea solution in it, which is just urea in a little sodium halginate as a thickener. I am going to take my dry funnel, open the packet of fuchsia. This is fuchsia. I'm just going to add it to the bottle. Make sure you have your gloves on. And shake well for 30 seconds. Shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake. If you don't have a funnel, what you can do is you might need to crack the seal to get a little air in the packet. But then turn it upside down and knock all the power down to the bottom. So you can cut a little corner off. And then just right out of the corner into the bottle. But don't cut too much of the corner off. Otherwise, it will be bigger than this opening. And it will spill over. So now that we've shaken this for 30 seconds, we fill it up with water. And with fuchsia, it's good to leave. Normally, I fill it to the bottom of the dome, except with fuchsia. To make this red, you're going to have to add yellow. So I'll leave a little bit of yellow. And then what we do is this step is optional, but I do this because I mix so much dye. You run the red through a coffee filter and you just do this with the red. Because sometimes you get little hard minerals that show up as freckles. And you'll see little dark spots in your red color when you get it on the shirt. You usually don't see it until after the shirt has been washed and dried and it's too late. So you let this drain down. Red, red, red. You can try the weed, you can actually pick up the filter and just bring it out. So there we have the red. We'll put that back in the bottle. And you'll notice again, it's not quite full. We're going to add yellow. So I need to make a bunch of yellow today anyway. So I will just demonstrate with large quantities. It's still the same ratio. Use the urea solution. Yellow diapowder. I need eight teaspoons in this large container. There's three teaspoons to a tablespoon. So I'm going to put two tablespoons and then you need eight teaspoons. So we'll put a little bit extra heat and tap it in there. Mix it up. Really unfortunate when your thumb comes off the top of the wall and you get it everywhere. And I'm just going to top this with water. Now have a full core to the yellow. We will add some yellow to the red. A few shall add some yellow to the few shall make it red. And it really imprecise. You can play with it. Different amounts of yellow will give you different degrees of red. It's not a very exacting science. So we get a top for it. And the best way to test your colors is how easy is this white paper towel. Give you a good idea. I'm pretty accurate at idea too. Looks almost the same on a white shirt as it will on this paper towel. But that's my red. And we'll put that right there because that's where it goes. Now I need to make some blue. Like a bit smaller amount of blue. This is the charcoal is here. Again, if you have a little packet of charcoal, just dump it in the bottle and shake. Mix my charcoal is heavy. I actually put three teaspoons per head-owns boil. The die packet you have in your kit has that quantity of charcoal die in it. So that you're able to dilute it down a little and you can actually make a light blue and a dark blue. 30 seconds and a little water. And that will be a dark blue. Straight up, this is what it looks like. A dark blue. It'll dry a little bit lighter than you see on the napkin too, by the way. So we're going to make light blue. So what I'm going to do is put this water in here. And I'm using, I don't know, maybe three quarters of that bottle of water. And just a quick shot of blue. And you can experiment with your own how much of a quick shot you need to make the blue you want. And there's a light blue. You can see that very well next to the dark blue, but two different degrees. And then we'll want to put the light of the blue gets and vice versa. Put the yellow on the blue side. And the other thing we can do with blue. Turquoise, fuchsia and lemon yellow, which are the three colors I'm using here. The three primary colors in tie-dye. There are other yellows, there are other reds, there are other blues. If you want to mix color, it's the fuchsia, the turquoise, and the lemon yellow that you need. Those are your real primaries. Now I got the lemon yellow in there. Quick shot of turquoise. And we made some kind of a green. Almost like a, well that's a Kelly green. Now I got your card. You have a little shot of blue. And a little bit more green. And another little shot of blue. So we got real quickly just made three different shades of green. As it dries, it will get dry dry dry. Anyway, roughly. And that's how we take care of green. Of course if you have the kit, the green comes in the packet, you don't have to mix it. This is just a little quick overrun. Now next thing you can do, and I don't do this very often because it seems to take a lot of work. Actually I'll use a graduated container for this. One on C yellow, well let's just say equal parts just for this demonstration I'm just using an ounce. And ounce of yellow. And ounce of the turquoise. And ounce of the red. And equal parts. I like to remember the cover. Things my balls as soon as I've done using them I don't like to leave them laying around. Because I've dumped a lot of dye. So with three equal parts, one equal part of each of the three primaries. Black. Somebody the other day said, oh they don't sell black in the stores. Where do you get your black guys? Oh you're going to mix it yourself. And you can, you know, chelt this a little more blue, a little more red. You can make a red cast black or a bluish cast black so that when it washes out it will have the hue of this one look like it came out a little bit of bluish. So you can dump a little red in there. Try to dry for a second. There's still a little blue, but a little less blue. I don't know how well you can see those colors there. They all just look like black. So that's how you can play with some darker colors. And then you could add this mix if you wanted to tip the red a little. Here's something you can do with your red. We'll add a little bit of red. And just darken it with a little bit of this black. And then a quick shot of turquoise. And if I didn't put too much black in. I'll come here with a little bit of fresh nasty before you. Here's the original red we made. With a little bit of turquoise and a little bit of that black. We have a nice darker red. And if you get the turquoise on it, just right you can get that like a nice wine color or a deep burgundy. So tie dye color mixes pretty much like paint. If you're familiar with using paint acrylics or oils or any kind of paint and you mix the colors yourself on a palette, you'll find that the tie dye, the dye powders mix pretty much like paint as far as the results you get with the various colors. Also, if you are a lot of times you want to duplicate a color. And I always just use the teaspoon for my measurements. But if you really want to exactly duplicate a color, dye is actually sold and measured by weight. So if you wanted to make this red the same exact red twice, you would want to put grams or ounces. You know, measure your dye and whatever ounces you put in the first red, you just write that down somewhere and then you can repeat it by measuring the dye again. So that's a quick primer on mixing color for tie dye. I hope I covered everything. If you have any questions you can always shoot me an email. Thanks.