 Now next step is putting in our buttonholes and the first thing you will need to do is work out where you would like your button to sit. So with your front of your dress facing towards you just fold your back shoulder strap over your front of your dress and just place it how you think you might like it. I find when you are just sitting the dress flat together and you just pull over that tab and just fold it with the top bits it is folded over so nothing is bunched. I find that sits the nicest button up to you. So I am going to take my button and I am going to just see where I might like it on my tab and I think it looks nice about there. So what I will do now is I will take a pin just to mark where my button sits and so I will mark it by looking at where the holes of the button are and I will pin in just there so I know where my button is going to sit and I want it to sit central in my strap so I will then fold my strap in half to find out exactly where my button will go and I will pop another little pin in there so I know exactly where it wants to sit and then I will just go ahead and I am going to actually mark with my chalk where that button is going to sit. Alright, with your pin still in your back strap so you can get your matching spot on your opposite strap. Let's take your two back straps together place them so they are matching and with that pin just go ahead and press it through so that it pokes out through the other side and you now know where your button hole will sit on the opposite side and I am just going to put another pin in where that one is so I can mark it on the right side of my fabric. Okay, like so. And because I have marked it I am just going to remove my pin and there I have marked both of my button hole placements. Now the next step will be to show your button hole in your dress and this is also another tricky step and I recommend doing a test button hole with your machine before you sew into your dress just in case there are any mistakes or kinks to work out with your button hole foot and each machine is different. Some are great, some are very sensitive, I have a sensitive machine and so I have had to work out what it does and doesn't like but I am fairly confident with inserting my button hole so I am just going to go ahead and do that but follow your machine instructions to insert your button hole so I am putting my button hole foot in and just straighten my threads through and selecting my button hole. Now I am going to go ahead and sew my button hole in. I am using my mark as my guide and now go ahead and sew my button hole. And my button hole is now complete. Your machine may not have a one-step button hole foot, it might be three or four steps but just follow your instructions for your machine. So now I am going to go ahead and I am just going to trim my threads off and then I am going to open up my button hole. So the safest thing to do is to pop a pin into your newly sewn button hole just so when you put your seam rip in that you do not rip into your dress. So I am going to go ahead and just open up my button hole like so. Now it is complete. Ready for buttons to go in and out and you just need to repeat this step with your second button like so. With both button holes now sewn in we will need to decide on our button placement. Now if you are making a reversible dress you will be sewing on two buttons. So I have got a yellow one for my lining or reverse side and I have my silver one on my main side. You may not be able to sew on two buttons if they are too bulky. I have chosen quite a flat one for my reverse fabric so it should not be too uncomfortable. So I am just going to put my button on there and visually just see where I like it. There we go. Now I am just going to mark it like we do with the button holes with a pin like so. I am also going to just double check the centre here and just make a little fold. So I can see where the centre double check is just where that centre line is. So we will take a threaded needle that has been not at one end and I am going to place that through the centre of where we have marked and begin to sew the first button on to the dress. I am just going to sew it through a couple of times and then I will add on the back button and sew them together. Now I will take my reverse button and I am just going to begin to sew that on to. Now it is important that you do not sew your buttons on too tightly because we want to make sure that we can slip our buttons in through our button holes and the dress slots over either of those buttons nicely. So I am not sewing it too tightly and it also ensures that we can finish the buttons off with the noisies. So I am just leaving a little bit of slack there so they are on but not too firmly. I will just repeat this. I like to be quite sure when sewing on buttons I do not want them to come off so I will go through quite a few times just to make sure we do not get loose buttons further down the track. Once you are happy with the amount of stitching you have used to sew your buttons on we will wrap around that thread a few times around the button here and then I am just going to tie it off by putting my needle through our thread there and then looping it through. So just tie it in and out and I will just repeat that just to make sure it does not come off. So our yellow button is done now I will go ahead and repeat that with our silver button. If you do it too tightly you will not be able to slot your needle in under the buttons so it is quite important when you are stitching to leave just enough room for that. And again I will just tie it off. And again just a second knot. And then repeat the process with your second button on the opposite side. And now I should have mentioned just earlier you will also need to mark your second button much the same way as we marked our button holes. So just using that pin you would place your two straps together, pop it through so you know where to mark in your button hole. Alternatively if you get stuck just use your measuring tape or device and you can double it. So if you do get caught out please go ahead and do that. And now you should have both your buttons sewn on. And as you can see the straps slot over nicely. And also again on the opposite side. And that is the last thing you need to do on your dress. And it is complete well done you have finished. You have now reached the end of the Alice A line dress sewing tutorial patterned by Mummy Kins and me. Your dress should now be complete and ready to wear. Thank you for joining me today and I hope to see you next time. Goodbye.