 Welcome to Conrad Mad Cocktail's IPhone Host Eric Showmer and Doug Peterson with me and what we're gonna do is we're creating the fuzzy naval Fuzzy naval No, actually I have anything to do with your belly button. Is it Friday? It is. I'm happy it's Friday because it's why Well, it actually is The fuzzy navel is a classic recipe. I've got notes people I've got notes. Oh nice because I did research By during my research I had found an original recipe. I was using an original meaning I don't know if it was original, but it was a recipe and it had two two ounces of vodka one ounce of peach n' offs Yeah, and eight ounces of orange juice and I was like that can't be right. Yeah, that's just a lot of orange juice So and then they said put it in a cocktail glass and I'm like Ten would a ten ounce cocktail glass Right nobody so I started doing more research and it kept all of them came down to like two ounces of orange juice No vodka vodka in peach knives and then it was then I found the top and I'm like that's the best way to go because now you can You can do a little more Measure if you put it in this glass and you top it off. It's always gonna be about the same So we're gonna shake you could shake strain. I'm gonna do that. You're gonna do this ice Right got your ice You're gonna do two ounces of vodka. We're using kettle one vodka because the chat room said so Justin who also wants to take his t-shirt off with dog in recording episode Said that he would he we should use kettle one since kettle one lost the rock paper scissors match last time This can also be considered like a sex on the beach without I think camera use or sex There's that or beach or beach top it Done now We're gonna drink it and we're gonna get busy with the history I'm into it I do I did cross reference and I caught my sources Good man Site site your sources Site I'm I hate school I was in school Might do it look In 21st century America school hates you You see my one That's good some kickin end. Yeah, of course it does like two ounces of vodka and screw drive our track So there were three I found three histories not all it could be right So Doug Schuster Doug in Dublin Ohio said he created it at natural the stillers a distributor of Distributed yeah, I say different. I mean no one of the Coopers or to Cooper's or whatever it is so he said that this was made to exploit that specific brand This was created in order to to to make a use right out of the gate of p-snops And they actually have a recipe on the back one part to keep your Piece tree snops. Oh, it's right there fuzzy. Yeah. Yeah, one part vodka and four parts on her shoes Huh, that's probably what we did Then well except for them one on one with the We didn't go one on one we went two on one one one one two to one Three yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, right? So Jack Sherman of Ola Hanna Brasca a bartender said they he created it and named it Yeah, and then Ray Foley founder of bartender magazine said he created it What do you believe I don't I would say peach these guys because it makes to me out of all the stories that make the most sense Mm-hmm. I can completely understand a company saying I'm gonna create a new cocktail Yeah, with the purpose of being able to market and sell a product we did that we did yeah, oh, gimli roses Right the roses lime juice Created in order and they made a gimli in order to push the roses lime juice right I I can I can so it's been done so I can believe that story everybody else saying they created it I can understand somebody saying I created this because it's not a it's not like an ingenious It's three ingredients that can easily be put together right but at the same time because we all know that you can put peach tree snops and Makes everything better. Yeah, everything so I can understand I just have a hard time thinking they come up with the same name The fuzzy from the peach the naval from the orange building them together and making that specific design. Yeah, I don't know I find it kind of Hard to believe I'm gonna go with the first I think that's a little unbelievable a little unbelievable I was gonna repeat nice thing you said, but you didn't the other thing I found because people are gonna tell me This is the wrong recipe questionable questionable Say did he one ounce of each three ounces, which I think is what this had now this is four So now you even have another one plus two ounce one ounce eight ounce which I've talked about then a one ounce of peach Snops and nobody could just top of the orange juice which is like a peach screwdriver to me Someone in the jet remaster what else can you have peach or peach tree in champagne champagne champagne any type of a neutral spirit Jim you know what it can be put in the recipe that I get every day and it going to freaking explode The brain hemorrhage You know you put peach Baleys and it cartels. Yeah, they put a little grenadine around it and it runs down Looks like a brain bloody brain bloody brain brain hemorrhage you use blue care South alien brain I've done them all and people like no you need to do the zombie brain I'm like what's that it's like the brain hemorrhage. Okay. How is it like it? Well, it's the same thing why am I gonna do that cuz it's a good Halloween cocktail true But I haven't a holiday cocktails and I just can't rename a drink purposely. I've done it by accident But to do it for the third time mm-hmm It's almost like that and then somebody's gonna be like no you're gonna do the zombie Alien brain hemorrhage combination. It's just never gonna end so peach. Nobs works well in anything that that it floats on top of or Curtles when you bring it with the baleys, but it doesn't curdle in a way that makes baleys bad. It's not like a line No No, no, it's really good. It's good. Mm-hmm. It's good. The texture here though It's a little little cement mixery, but not too bad. It doesn't it's yeah, I don't know But peach nobs works in everything except for people who hate peach nobs Then it doesn't work at all. He's not just haters. There's there's a couple people This recipe by the way was suggested by RMUB 101 I think nice or RMVB 101 RMV can you can you read your own writing? No, no, it's kind of far away. It's okay. Read is ready RM. Yeah, it's encrypted No, no, see your key. They're on Anyway done done Fuzzy navel classic cocktail you gotta love it because it tastes like a screwdriver with peach nobs It's gonna punch you right in the face No, it's just gonna it's gonna pet your head and hug you you get a sweet asac and then I finish is so hardcore It's gonna give you a Like this around the back bear hog style. Oh, I'm in a giant style of an air Cuz he's tall Every day drinker's trying to calm. I could see taskmasters about to hit me We're teaching you how to drink