 I make the best Amorio Sour in the world. I mean, that's it. I mean, that's a guilty pleasure. Like, I like Amorato. You know, I don't go, I don't drink it all the time, but like, I don't hate it. You know, it's delicious. It's sweet and delicious. And some friends and I were talking about just that. I'm talking about Amorato Sour. You know, kind of like building it up like, what if you do like an Amoros sour but with like fresh lemon juice? What about egg white? Yeah, it's a egg white to it. And it became that like, you had that we're messing around with it. And you had to add so much Amorato. The drink was just huge because it's, Amorato is really like weak. So, I had the idea to add some like, high-proof bourbon in there. Just like a little bit, you know, to just give it more body. And it is, it really is like the best Amorato sour in the world. And I put the recipe up on my website and it's so funny. I got multiple emails from people saying, if you're going to add egg white and bourbon, you have to call it something different because you're taking a classic cocktail and you're changing it. And so, you know, giving it the same name, that's just a bullshit. And I was like, classic, what? You know, I mean, okay, so here's the bartender's black book, right? Amorato sour recipe. I fill a tall glass with ice. Two ounces of Amorato filled with sour mix. Like, that's not a classic cocktail. You know, like, that's not something that like, some venerable, I mean, it's not like, you know, it's not like I took out like a gimlet, you know, and was like, oh, yeah, we're going to add a bunch of bullshit in here. You know, it's an Amorato sour. It's a stupid drink. You know, it's been around since the 70s. Like, this is the new, it's my new Amorato sour. I'm going to call it an Amorato. I'll call it whatever I want. So, we start with an ounce and a half of Amorato. And to that, we add three-quarters of an ounce of, you know, casks, strength, burn. I use bookers because it's kind of one of the lesser expensive of the casks, burners. I've made it with George T. Staggan, it is unbelievably good, but it's hard find and it's expensive. To that, we add a full ounce of lemon juice next. And then just for just a little bit more sweetness, because we're not using that much Amorato, a teaspoon of two to one simple syrup. And then, to that, I'm just going to add a half ounce of egg white. And give it just a quick little dry shake, just to kind of puff it up a little bit. And then we'll fill up a ice, the shaker, and give it a good shake, get it nice and cold. And then strain it over some fresh ice and an old fashioned glass. I like the European way of garnishing sauer's, which is just lemon peel, you know, it seems right to me. Here in the States, you know, the real traditional kind of sour garnishes is either an orange wedge or a lemon wedge and a cherry, you know, like one of those bright red, maras can't maraschino cherries. Just as I kind of throw back to that, I add one of our, you know, house-branded Amorana cherries that we carry a Clyde. So I'll just put one of those on top, you know, people like it. And that's it. That's the best Amorana sour and the world.