 Okay, today I will be demonstrating how to cook a lobster. This guy right here weighs in at 1.8 pounds, almost two pounds. Note the color because that will change after he's boiled it, he'll turn bright red. One indicator that he's cooked another indicator, you'll notice when the antenna pull out easily. That's another another little trick I use when cooking a lobster in the main tradition. So one thing I have done is I've put water in the pot and it's already had a boil. I did add salt to the water, just a little bit of a martin a few tablespoons is fine. You just want to get the rolling boil as such, let me turn the fan on. One thing that I do when I'm putting the lobster in the pot is I'll turn him away. Another thing I've done is I've taken the rubber bands off, not everybody does that, but I just don't like having the rubber in the pot when it's boiling because of the chemical in the rubber plastic. So if you take him like this, I grab the tail section and I'm gonna put him in head first is the most humane way that I know. So I just put him in real quick and I put the tail tail end away from me in case he does fly. Sometimes that tail will splash water and you don't want that hot water coming back at you. So once he's in the pot you can use whatever tools you have available to just push him down, get that tail under the water. And you want to set your timer to, I'm gonna set this for nine minutes and go from there. So the time is now set to nine minutes. And I'm just gonna work, I'm gonna monitor it. The water should come back to a boil here shortly. And I'm just gonna try to keep all that meat under water. So the boil is better. Once the lobster is out of the pot it will continue to cook unless you put it on chilled ice. So that a lot of people think lobster is tough but I think in general people tend to overcook it. I'll show a chart at the end of this with a guideline of what I use when I'm cooking based on the weight of the lobster. So we have the timer ticking down. Nothing real exciting going on here so I will shut it off and I will post. I will shut the camera off. Okay while the lobster is cooking I'm gonna take a short break and I'll be right back when the timer goes off. One other thing I like to do while the lobster continues to boil is to start the butter. Warming I use real butter not margern. And I may end up using the whole stick but I'm gonna start with half a stick of butter and I'm just gonna toss that right into the microwave. So while the lobster is boiling away I can have the butter ready and that should still be pretty warm. You don't need a lot of time on it. I'm just gonna put it there for 28 seconds and they need a little longer. But butter works really well as a sauce to put on the lobster. I like to dip the lobster meat into it. One thing you can notice now is I'm getting more bubbles along the surface. You might want to keep an eye on that if they get too high just take a little bit of that butter and dip it in the water and I find that tends to calm the boil down a little bit or a lard or anything like that. So if starting you can see it's starting to float a little bit that's another indicator to me that it's almost almost done. It's still got another few minutes probably but it's definitely starting to float and it's got that red shell that we're looking for as well. So I'm gonna cook them a couple more minutes and I'll be right back. Okay it's been just under nine minutes. My lobster now is really floating quickly to the surface when I push it down. He floats off. He's got the color I like to see that bright red and he looks like he's ready ready to come out of there. There's my timer. I'm gonna just tug on the antenna right here. This will usually come off really easily when he's when he's done. So it did come off with just a little bit of a tug. So I'm gonna call that good. I'm gonna shut the stove off and I'm gonna grab him wherever usually right around the body works well for grabbing. I am doing this with my left hand and I'm right-handed but just grab him like that and put him on your plate. Let him pull for a little bit. We can see it better in that light. One thing I do to encourage the cool in process is not everybody does but I like to just run a little bit of splash a little bit of cool water. You gotta be careful too when you go to break them open with your nut crackers or lobster crackers that you don't get any hot water on you because there's likely still hot water in the shell and all these crevices and joints. There could be hot water so just be careful as you eat the lobster and watch for jagged sharp points along the claw that can sometimes get you too. So there you have it. There's your lobster all cooked and ready to enjoy. Again just be cautious when you do crack it open that there's likely still hot water in the shell. Enjoy! Thank you for watching my video.