 Hi friends welcome back to Amazine Minceworld and this video I will be showing the making of Petico or the inner skirt for the beautiful wetting gowns. Also call prenolein without hoop pattern. So let's quickly start here I will be preparing for 7 years age. The material serum taking is of 3 meters cotton polyester fabric and the mesh or the net or the stiffener which is having stiff quality with 3 meters. Also require 1 in satin tea and elastic as per the waist length. Today I am talking about the material which I am using further lining because I caught lot of mails regarding this lining. What type is used for the best further lining? If you follow my videos I will be using this type of material further lining. This fabric is called as cotton polyester fabric which is having 30% cotton and 70% polyester mix and this fabric is having the great property of wrinkle free and the starch free and if you notice here what I am showing the length wise it is having 1 and of meters in length which is 59 inches in length wise and will maintain the stiffness and will give which volume and flate to the gown or for the any garments. Use this type of fabrics and it is very much affordable in price which is of 40 rupees per meter available in any markets or in any tailoring material shops easily. Compared to the cotton lining this is the one which I use most because it is affordable starch and wrinkle free. Let's quickly start taking the measurements. We require the length from the waistline to the ankle as I am preparing for the long bone. The length I would be taking is of 30 inches. Dividing it into 3 equal parts to make 3 tiers. So for each tier the length would be of 10 inches. You can divide the tiers as per your requirement and for an adult you have to go for the 5 tiers. Let's see the simple calculation here. The length I said 30 inches. Repairing 3 tiers so the length should be divided by 3. Now each tier will have 10 inches with 3 tiers. We are adjoining the drafting of the tiers here. This is the first tier with actual length 10 inches and 1 inch for the either side seaming elements of half an inch. I would be adding 2 more inches for the casing. However is the length you have to take that length along with the seaming elements and for the casing you have to add it for the first tier. Now coming to the second tier the length 10 inches plus 1 inch as the seam half an inch on either side for the seaming elements and width wise I would be taking 80 inches which is 3 times of the waist length plus seaming elements and for the second tier width add to the doubling that is 1.16 inches. Followed with the third tier of 10 inches and length plus 1 inch for the seaming elements and now comes the width wise I am taking 3 times of the first tier that means 3 into 80 is 240. If you clearly see here the length wise all the tiers are same whereas the width wise the second tier is 2 times of the first tier and the third tier is 3 times of the first tier. This is because I prepared the pattern of the gathers time so with the width wise as per the requirement the more gathers you required the more fabric you have to take. So now I will cut the fabric into 3 tiers of the seam length and width. As this is having length wise 59 inches I will be taking 3 meters for the preparation of the inner skirt of the petticoat so depending upon your fabric length and width you have to take the required material length. Attempt according to the draft the first layer unfold with 80 inches in width and the length 13 inches. And if you see the second tier it is having 2 pieces with the length of 11 inches and the width of 1 16 inches. In coming to the third tier it is having the length of 11 inches with the width of 2 inches with the 3 pieces. Now firstly I will join the pieces to make into 1 piece. Now if you see here I have joined the 2 pieces of the second tier and made 1 piece and 3 pieces of the third tier and made into 1 single piece even the basting stitch on the top to make the gathers. Now start pulling the bobbing thread to make the gathers for the second and third tiers. Did it little by little or else the thread will break? There are so many patterns available for preparing this type of petticoats or crinoline with hoops or without hoops. I found this is the best one because it will give rich filet and the volume. Now I am turning the gathers. Now I will align the second tier with the first one placing right on right. Start sewing with half an inch seaming allowance. Select this you have to align placing right on right. Start sewing towards wrong side. It is better to secure with the pins for proper alignment and easy sewing. First the second tier will be joined with the first tier and should the gathers are equal spread. I am preparing this inner skirt with 2 layers but if you are preparing for an adult size you have to go for 4 to 5 layers. Turning the align skirt first to that this 2 layers and one more mesh or the net on the top total together 4 to 5 layers for the rich volume in the flare. As I am preparing this under each 10 with the 2 layers and the gauze which you prepared will have also 2 layers. It could be 4 layers for the below 10 now. The purpose of giving lining for any gauze or any garment the richness will be implicated with the rich volume and the inner layers which gives the gauze flare in volume. This was the requested video. Now you can see here I have joined the second tier with the first tier. The same way we will join the third tier with the second tier like how I am showing now. Elanic keeping right and right start joining both together. As I said I will be using this mesh having 3 meters width wise with the length of 30 inches as per requirement and using this satin tape for concealing the roiges on either sides. Next place the roig in the center of this tape like this fold it and so on this. Also I will fold 1 inch like this for preparing the casing for the elastic on the first tier. I will leave 2 inches to thread in the elastic. Same turn with the joining of the tiers or also cancel the roig of the third tier. Place the roig in like this and sew it for the concealing. Now to the waistline casing place this mesh place it on the sewn line giving the gathers. So it will place this mesh on the sewn line of the elastic thread giving the gathers like this. Adjoin the sides of this mesh holding the two sides together place the roiges in the center of the satin like this and start sewing. This is the best way for the concealing of this mesh. Now if you see the mesh is having 3 meters, we will align this mesh with the waistline of the sewed skirt. I have joined the center of the mesh with the center of the skirt like this. With the leftover on the mesh are beginning the gathers like this. Now start sewing. Place the mesh on the sewn thread. If you wish you can also join this mesh on the hip line moving fine just don't from the waistline join it. Now start giving the gathers and sew it. So you have joined the knit to the waistline. Now I threading the elastic in the casing securing with the pin insert in the casing. Then the elastic strick with the placing like this. Now put the elastic in and cancel the leftover 2 inches. Spread the gathers equally on the elastic. Matching the elastic along with the fabric with the top stitch. And the beautiful inner skirt is ready to wear. Dress up with wedding gowns, long skirts, ball gowns or any floor length gowns. For the rich flaring volume you have to wear the inner skirt, try this at home with an affordable price which is really very expensive. I hope you enjoyed watching this video. Try and share your wonderful experience having any doubts, recommendations and additions to write to me in the comment section and do not forget to hit like to support this video. Just subscribe and stay tuned to watch more videos of latest fashion trends. Thank you friends, meet you with another interesting video, bye for now.