 Hey, it's your family and if you're new here, welcome to my channel. My name is Filipixi and today, I'll be showing you how to use the masking tape method. Now, I already know that there is an awesome video on it and I just wanted to do my own little take on it. So there are some huge pros for using the masking tape method. Pro number one, masking tape is cheap. Pro number two, baking paper is cheap and probably the biggest part of all is to save you money. All up in everything saves you money because it saves you from buying new boards, it saves you from basically buying new boards because boards are damn expensive. If you live in Australia anyway. So I'm going to go right through this tutorial and I'll show you how to use it right now. So here's something that I prepared earlier and as you can see, fans will recognize this is actually a tear blade sword. Now all you have to do is to take your masking tape and tear a little bit off just enough to cover the whole length of your creation and to place it gently on your creation, making sure that you cover the whole almost of your creation. So, put it down really, really gently making sure that the tape is on every single bead and grab another bit of masking tape to put on the rest of the creation. When putting this next piece on, try not to overlap them too much. Now for this part you can use anything and this is just to make sure that every bead is stuck on the masking tape. And once you rubbed it, now it's time to gently peel the tape off of the board. Turn on your iron, grab your baking paper and simply iron. Now for this part just gently peel off the baking paper. And once it's fully cooled down, you can take the masking tape off. And that's pretty much it. The masking tape method is pretty simple to use and pretty on economical. It saves you money in your pocket because it doesn't melt your bloody boards. And this is the tear blade, that the complete version of it. If you guys have any questions for me about this tutorial, please let me know. I hope you guys have enjoyed this video. Thank you for all your love, for all the love. Thanks for your support and I'll see you guys next time.