 Andrew's dehumidification have been providing humidity control and drying solutions for over 50 years. We have a large range of products starting from small building dryers, all the way up to large, high-capacity, refrigerant and desicant dehumidifiers. Our dedicated contact centre is on hand to assist and advise with all drying applications. We carry out free site surveys to make sure we provide you with the most appropriate solution. Backed by a nationwide network of depots, we can ensure we meet your ongoing requirements, promptly, wherever you are. We operate a true 24-7 service, 365 days a year, and will respond within four hours of your initial inquiry. Andrew's dehumidification specialists provide electronic monitoring equipment to complement a versatile range of dehumidifiers. So, how does dehumidification work? Dehumidification is the process of extracting moisture from the air. It is essential to have a lower moisture content than the product or area you are trying to dry. A refrigerant dehumidifier will produce dry air. This will collect moisture from its surroundings as the air is being circulated. The now damp air is then re-circulated through the dehumidifier where excess moisture is removed. To accelerate the drying process, we recommend raising the ambient temperature. In this example, we are using a small Andrew's electric heater. When heated, the air expands and can therefore collect and carry more moisture, thus enabling the dehumidifier to extract more water. The collected water is then pumped directly away or collected into a condensate vessel. This method of drying is typically used in the construction industry and fire and flood restoration works. Another type of dehumidifier is a desiccant. This type of unit can be placed outside of the area you are drying. Dry air is ducted into the target area. This process will collect moisture as the air is re-circulated back to the dehumidifier. Another benefit of a desiccant dehumidifier is the ability to work in extremely cold environments. Moisture that is collected in this unit is exhausted by a separate wet airflow. Desiccant units are often used when humidity has to be kept at a very low level, such as pharmaceutical applications. This method of humidity control and drying is also typically used in manufacturing, petrochemical and power stations, and agriculture and food storage applications. As part of the Andrews Psych Group, the UK's leading specialist higher company, we can offer complete solutions with our extensive fleet of heating and ventilation products. Andrews dehumidification. For more information, contact us now.