 Hi everyone, it's Hannah Hamster here with another video for you and today's video is going to be about my hamster's chew toys. Okay, so first we have things like this, which this is just like a bendable bridge, but this is also like a good chew toy because it's made out of wood. And I also have the rainbow ones that look like that and both of my hamsters have those. So those are something that they can play with and chew on at the same time. Next we have things that you can make at home. This is a paper towel roll that I cut into little pieces and put it into like a star shape, but it's getting a little bit ruined from my hamsters chewing on it and stuff, but that's fine. And you can also just use like a plain paper towel roll that they can chew on and crawl through and stuff. Then next I have some stuff you can buy at the store. So I have the Seagrest twist, choose and my hamsters really like these, all my hamsters do. And then in this bag I also just have some animal shaped wood shoes that are fruit flavored and just toss them in this bag. And here's another one of those animal shaped ones. This is a shape of a bear. Then I have this other wood shoe here. That's an apple, but my hamsters like destroyed this apple. So yeah, that's another good shoe that he really liked. Then I have this. It's called lots of loops. So we just have two different kinds of like branches or wood here. And then in the middle there's Lufa. This is new, so my hamster hasn't really touched it yet. I just put it in his cage recently. Then I have this large carrot shoe that's made out of like grass and hay and stuff. And he really likes to chew on this one. So that's good. And this I also had in my Toys video, but it's like a toy and a chew because he can chew on this. And I knew I got this because I knew he liked to chew on his mat a lot and it wasn't big enough to put in his cage. For this to go in, well it is, but I don't know, just take up a lot of room. So I got him one that like a chew toy that's made out of all that same stuff. And then here's another one of those animal shaped wood shoes as well. Then I have the Ecro-trish and Cheesy shoes, which all hamsters seem to love. This one I didn't open yet. But yeah, all the hamsters I have seem to love these, so I just have a pack of those. Then I have this like thing that has a ball inside. I got this at Petco from the Planet Petco section, like the All Natural section. But my hamster didn't seem interested in it, but I'll probably try again later some other time. Then I have this, which I thought was really cute. It's a hamburger, and so it has a wooden bun. Then some like Lufa, Lufa, and then some more wood, and then another Lufa, and then wood for the bottom. And it has like a hole in it that you can put on a cabob or something, but I just have it sitting in the cage. Then I have this Apple Care Seltue, and my hamster didn't really touch it that much, but we'll try again later. And it has some Lufas inside of it, so I thought that was really cute. And I've seen a lot of people with these, and their hamsters seem to like it. Yeah. Then I have the E-cortician Snack Shack Log. So this is a toy and a chew at the same time. My hamster just chewed on it like a tiny bit right here, not a whole bunch, so he's not really that interested in it, but maybe later he'll be interested. Then I have a nutty stick ball here, and you can get this at Petco or Petsmart. And my hamsters have chewed on it a little bit right now, this is in the Robo's cage. So it does look like they've chewed on it a little bit, but not a whole lot. Then I have this pack, this came like free in my hamster ball. So this is just a Lufa chew, and then there's two sticks in there as well. I haven't opened that yet. And this, I just is like a piece of wood, and I got it at Walmart, I think, for like 50 cents. I just thought it was cute and could put in their cage maybe or something, but I haven't put it in there yet. Then I have this, which is a Lady Bird or a Lady Bug, and it's on wheels, so it can go like this. And I just thought that was really cute, and I have two of those, this is what the package looks like. It says Toys from Trees, and I got this online, and I know you can get them on a bunch of online sites, and they're pretty cheap. So yeah, and this is in my hamster Max's cage. He hasn't really chewed it, but he does like to push it around, because I have it on his shelf that doesn't have bedding, so we can move it. Then I just have like a bag of some random like, choose some mineral, choose apple orchard sticks, and this apple with luffa on it in there. Then I have these alphabet block chews that I thought were just really cute, so I got those. So yeah, I have some of those in the hamster's cages, and then I have this, I forget what they call this, but my hamster didn't touch this at all. I've had it in two different hamster's cages, and neither of them seemed interested. So I don't know, I probably wouldn't recommend this, but it is cute, so it gives some brightness to your cage. And then for the chews that are in the cage right now, but I don't want to take off or out. This right here is just like a bird toy, and this is what's on there, and this is just one that he chewed off, so he chewed a bunch of these off. So I thought that was really good, because he actually used it and liked it. He also has this, which is made out of like Willow, and it just hangs from his cage like that. And he likes the chew on that, he chewed on that one quite a bit. Yeah? Okay, thank you. And then there's this chew right here that just hangs from the cage. Sorry about that, by the way, that was just my boyfriend's dad telling me that dinner was ready. Anyways, so this is just like this has hamster on it, and it's really cute, hangs from the cage, and he chewed a little bit right there. But yeah, he has two of those one and hit this cage, one in the other cage. And then also, oh yeah, these things that attach to the cage like an extra level are also something that he can chew on in his cage. And the Robress is cage, they also just have this bird toy that's hanging down, and they like to chew on that twiggy tunnel thing too, because that's made out of Will. And they really like that. And then just anything like cardboard in their cage that you've made them, they can chew on. So it's pretty much all of my hamsters chew toys. So yeah, just comment, rate and subscribe. Thanks for watching, bye.