 Hey, Ken here at Waters. Got some exciting news. Spider-mites have hit the garden. Let me show you, I've got my tomato plant here. This thing was vibrant. It was doing great. Forming tomatoes, you can see some nice big Roma tomatoes on there. Got two tomatoes. Got melons, cucumbers, all in the same container garden. All of a sudden the leaves started drying out. Let me see if I can give you a example of that. Spider-mites. Spider-mites actually form a webbing. That's the name spider and then mites. They actually have a webbing to them. And here's the foliage. You can see that as if I get in the light there. It was a nice healthy mature leaf. And all of a sudden the leaves started molting. Looks like it's drying out. I doubt if you can actually see the full. Let's see if we can see the webbing. The webbing, you can see with the naked eye, you can see the bugs on there. They're very tough to spot. You can see the foliage. It's dying out in the middle. Starting to dry out and fall off. I get on this, I can get my plant to take off the new growth. Now, what I'm going to do is spray it with two things. One, spreader stick I'm going to do first. Then I'm going to follow up with the bug killer. Multi-purpose insect spray. This is a permethrin. If you spray spider-mites without doing this spreader sticker first, you might as well not waste your time. It is not effective. It's very difficult to get this bug killer down through the webbing to kill the bug. So we'll spray this first. It penetrates the web, which allows the bug killer to actually get its work done. Afterwards, here's the sprayer. I'm going to use my hose in sprayer. I'll show you how to do that in just a second. Let me see if I can put this back onto the tripod. And here we go. Here we go. We'll see if we can get that baby going. Now, this thing, we're going to have to spray this really well. The secret with spider-mites, quantity over quality. You really want to, here's my spreader sticker. You really want to penetrate every nook and cranny. Now, spider-mites, they like my tomato, but it doesn't look like they like the melons or the cucumbers, but I'm going to spray them anyway. Now, it's early morning. It's important to spray bug killers in the morning, because sometimes in the heat of the day, the bug killer will evaporate up and then you'll get some burning. In the morning, you don't have that. Also, it's less windy, so you won't have as much over spray spraying onto you and everything else, my roses. They don't need it. So there we go. I've got, that's the spreader sticker and I'm going to change this out with my bug killer. I've already kind of cheated and pre-programmed this just like a cooking show. It's all chopped up and ready to go. And right afterwards, directions are saying free tablespoons to again, and I am looking to knock down those bugs. Now, the most important thing when you're spraying bug killers is your mindset. Very important. Die! Die! Die! It makes me feel better. It does seem to kill more bugs, at least in my garden. Okay, you can see it is literally just dripping wet. The underneath side of the leaf, very important to get the underneath side. The inside of the plant, especially if you're catching it early before it defaults, I waited too long. It's happened like one week. It's done. Afterwards, I'm taking some root and grow. Now, this is a root stimulator. So this will cause the plant to root deeper and then it'll give a little fertilizer, so it'll force new foliage. Within a couple of weeks, I will have a brand new looking plant. There we go. This baby's going to be happy. Now, it stopped fruiting. But within a couple of weeks, new flowers, new foliage, new fruits. Okay, two and a half months left, the growing season, plenty of time to recover. No reason to replace this. Just treat it. Keep it going. There you've got Kenneth Waters Gardens Center and how to treat spider mites. There we go.