 Hi guys, how's it going? I hope you're having a wonderful day today. I'm going to be cleaning out my closet and I thought it would be fun to take you guys along in real time so you can see exactly how I'm going to go about this. And yeah, this is going to be a big-ish job, I guess. Not nearly as big as my cleanup last year since I had way more stuff. Basically lately I have been feeling kind of bored with my wardrobe, I guess. I don't know, I've been having a harder time picking out outfits so I know it's sort of time for a change again and I really did want to just clear things out and then focus on what I wanted to add to it. I feel like last year I did a really great job of getting back to the basics and really focusing on more of a basic wardrobe and getting all of those pieces in there. And now I really do want to start investing in better quality pieces, nicer pieces, while still adding in a couple of trends so that I can avoid feeling bored, I guess. So yeah, I don't know, let's get started. I'm going to start with this section over here. So I'm going to go through literally each piece one by one and I'm going to do the whole three pile thing. So keeping maybe no, let's get started. Okay, so I separated my three piles and what I've done is gone ahead and put everything that I know I'm going to be keeping back into the closet. So that's what we have here and these are all the empty hangers. Don't look at Kyle's messy hangers. These are all the hangers that I have from things that are in the maybe and no pile and these are the piles here. So these were the maybe's and this is the nose for sure. And then I also have my belts. I felt like I needed to go through my belts because I really only wear two of them. So I should probably donate the others. So over here we have the maybe pile and then this pile here is the no pile and I'm just going to go through the maybe pile now and throw things into the no pile and kind of decide what I want to do with everything. So let's do that. So I think I've decided what is going to stay and what's not going to stay. So I thought I would just share with you guys quickly sort of my thought process on how I would decide what's going to stay and what's not. All right, the things I decided not to keep I have this here. This is like a blazer vest type thing and I've actually kept this for a few rounds of cleaning out my closet. Always thinking I would rewear it and I never have so this time it has got to go. And then this one it's kind of the same thing. It's like a really loose fitted blazer coat and yeah I just haven't worn it in an extremely long time. This is a white blazer here and the reason I am not hanging onto this one is because in my keeping pile I have another white blazer and I just like this one a little bit better. So no point in having two very similar things. Then I have this gray sweater here which I don't know I just have I haven't worn this in a really long time either. So that one's going to go just taking up space. Same with this blouse here I have had this blouse for oh my god so many years I can't even I can't even think and I just feel like it's starting to look extremely worn and not quite as crisp and fresh. So that's why I don't really want to hang on to that one anymore. And the same goes for this blouse here. I really do love this blouse but I have worn it a lot and it is starting to look a little bit worn as well. So that one definitely had its fair share of love. This shirt here I do really like the pattern and the prints and everything and I have worn it a ton so maybe I've just over worn it that I'm sort of bored with it I guess but yeah I feel like I'm going to part ways with this one for now. Super cute but I feel like I have worn it a little too much. And then this shirt here I don't really wear it much so that one's going to go. And yeah these were the things that I was originally going to part ways with. I have this jersey dress it's kind of more like a bathing suit cover up. Then I have a t-shirt dress here that I just don't really like the way it fits me all that much. So that one's going to go this blouse here I've also worn way too much. So that one's going to go and then this one here I'm going to get rid of that and then this here as well. And those are all of my nose. So that was actually a pretty good purge of like the hanging section of my closet but what I have been noticing as I'm going through everything is I do have a lot of very basic pieces like solid in color and things like that but I guess that was my whole goal last year was to really focus down on more of a basic wardrobe. And I feel like going into this year I really do want to experiment a little bit more and focus on just better pieces in general and I don't know mixing and matching. We'll see we'll see where the year takes us and I'm excited to see what my wardrobe will be like next year at the same time but yeah I still want to clean out my pants and my heavier sweaters and things like that so I'm going to do that part now. All right these are the sweaters that I'm keeping my red sweater. I absolutely love this. I have a neutral sweater and then I have this grayish knit one here. This is one of my favorite lounging sweaters other than the one that I'm wearing right now and these are all the shirts that I'm going to keep. Most of them are just basic shirts long sleeve and t-shirts so I have like a blush pink t-shirt, black t-shirt, gray t-shirt, striped t-shirt, all that fun stuff there and then these are some tank tops. This is my black mock neck tank top and my black strapless tank, not strapless spaghetti strapped tank top and then this is a white bodysuit here. So these are all the things that I'm going to be keeping out of that and then over on this side these were all the things that are nose and they are all nose because I have not worn them in a really long time or they were extremely worn and then over here this one I can't decide this is like my Canada day shirt that I wear every single year and I just thought it was so cute and I'm so festive, you know, on the day of. So I feel like I want to hang on to it just for that one day every year that I do wear it. Gotta be festive. And this gray shirt I put in the maybe pile because I already have two gray t-shirts that I really like so I think this one's gonna have to go. I think I'm finished and I'm really happy with how everything turned out. It's so much more clean and organized and I absolutely love that feeling. So this is what we have here for the sweaters and t-shirts. I'm leaving my sweaters folded up at the back just because they are taller and I can see them and then here these are my sleeveless tops and these are all my t-shirts and then my jeans and pants I cleaned that out a little bit and just got rid of anything that didn't fit me properly and so I have my jeans and then my darker jeans and joggers and things like that and my dress pants over here and then at the back just an old pair of sweatpants that I liked to lounge in. I decided to add some of my longer sleeved shirts to my hanging section so I just took some of the hangers that I had left over and hung them there so yeah that made the folding section a little cleaner as well. So while I was cleaning everything out I started jotting down things that I really wanted to add to my closet as well so I did make a little list of things and I thought I would just share with you guys what I want to add to my closet like for the coming year kind of thing. So I put down white dress shirt like one with a collar. The dress shirt I have doesn't have a collar so I really need a colored white like dress shirt blouse. A fitted black turtleneck I did used to have one like a long sleeve one but it was really really worn and it was starting to become like see-through so I would like another new fitted black turtleneck fitted black blazer. I really want one with some fun button detailing or something like that white pants the white pants I have now have seen better days slash they're a little too small now which is sad and then black dress pants. A couple of fun dresses for the summer or just for year round a black skirt and then I thought a pattern skirt would be kind of cool. That's pretty much on my list right now. I'm sure I'll add things to it as I think of things or as I see things coming out and whatnot but yeah I'm feeling really good about clearing everything out. Hopefully this video wasn't like crazy boring for you guys but I thought it would be fun and sort of more realistic if you saw it in real time and just how I actually clear out my closet but it's about to get dark actually it's a snowstorm outside right now so I think I'm gonna curl up on the couch with some tea and just get some work done on my laptop for the rest of the day and that pretty much sums up a closet cleaning day so I guess I will see you guys in my next video bye