 on this one here guys we've got a backed up kitchen sink drain, garbage is bowl will not work and she said it's backing up don't the bunch of drain all down in the stool drain let's do what's happening try to get you some footage if I can why would you wear gloves like I never figure it out the middle figure out why someone will wear gloves you know badger says that I would just suppose it won't work let me set the reset up stop can hear it I'll show you how to get that on freed up I'm so ranch for a badger spousal this is just an animal screw so I went king right in the middle on the bottom there's an Alan key slot see stick it in there you're freeing up make sure the power's off to it let's see you know it's free there's also a reset button let's see it should run now let's see what's going on something there oh yeah something there well see if we can figure out what it is some of this is my kind of intro well we can wait well like a middle figure it out something stuck in there we're going to have to get it out never want to stick your fingers in there get a long screw driver or something in there never want to stick your fingers in there that's for sure I don't Oh I'm going to add the mechanic burger. Install. Some water on the值 of the gap. Oh yeah, don't smell all that good. She must have been trying to fry it there for a while. Oh, there's a work to leave it alone. She's going down, y'all. Let's try it again. Oh man. So it's a quicky, quicky easy one. You don't want it for a while so I can say that's okay. I don't see any leaks. That's what the wrench looks like right here. That's mine, my box. Right in the middle, one above, there's an Allen screw. But you use a regular Allen, which if you want. Just make sure the powers are. All right, I'll leave it at the build end. She's working fine. All signs I'm taking it out. We said if I can't fix it to remove it, but we'll leave it. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle. I'm going to put it in the middle.