 Hi, I'm John Berryony with Berryony Q. What I have for you today is a couple of homemade ball polishes. I think they're really neat. Everybody that owns a pool table, every bar, every league, every pool hall should have one. And you know, the commercial ones are about, oh, anywhere from five, six hundred dollars. And you know, you can make one for about thirty five, forty bucks and they work out better than the ones, the commercial ones. I've seen the commercial ones. I've owned one. You know, they're great for keeping the balls up, but you can take an old set of balls that are just, you know, been in a bar for fifteen, twenty years, never been polished. Their dullness can be, and you can polish them up to brand new. They look better than brand new except for the pits. You know, they don't take the pits out, but man, when they're all shining, it really disguises them. What I have here is a couple that I'm going to show you and believe it or not, these balls are probably fifteen, twenty years old. And they look new. Okay, this is the first ball polisher I want to show you. It is made with a commercial buffer that you use for buffing cars. I'll show you the inside of it. You can see down here, I've got it wired where it has a dimmer switch. Basically, the dimmer switch turns it off and on. Here, let me show you this thing in operation. Turn it down where it's barely going. Or you could get it up. Here it is and motion there. Now we're going to get it close up of how this thing is made. Let me take the balls out here. Basically, what we have is just your ordinary carpet, your buffing pad. These are really cool. They're velcro. They're come right off. And let me take this adapter from the buffer off here and you guys can see the way that this thing is made. Here we have the inside of the buffer. You can see the bucket that I've made. I made some little brackets out of wood and just zip tight them in there. And anyways, there's your buffer. I use two buckets. I put some holes in it so it could breathe, get a little air. Here's the bottom of it. If you want to see the bottom view, you can see the electrical box that I put inside of there. I believe you can see that. There's electrical box. And there's the bottom of the buffer. Okay, this is the second ball polisher. It's made with a automotive polisher, orbital polisher from Walmart in the automotive section. It works really good. We sell these boxes. It's a little router speed control. We sell these for 30 to 35 bucks. It's on and off switch. They're heavy duty. They have a fuse. And this looks like what it's on. You could put it on the variable speed section and just have it barely going. Or you can have it all the way up. And what this ball polisher is good for. This polisher is really good for. Is it keeps your ball maintained? It keeps them signed up and very clean. This little thing we have over here is like an agitator. It takes the balls and flips them around. You can kind of see it in action there. It just kind of flips them over so they're just not sitting there spending in one spot. You can see how they move around there. And anyways, with this little control box, you can turn it down to where you can really see how they how it moves around in slow speed. Now, if you were to take, let's say, some old old balls that weren't all polished up high glass, this thing here would take a long time to get them to a real shine. The first polisher that I showed you will take those old dingy balls and make them shine like brand new. What this does is it's more of a cleaner. It cleans them all up. It keeps the fingerprints and chalk and it just maintains them so to speak. And it does a really nice, putting the finished shine on it. So I use both of them. You know, every once in a while on the balls get really dull and dingy. I put them in the first polisher for a little bit. And then I just use this one to keep them maintained and glossed up. So I'm going to show you a ball polisher, the very first one that I ever built. And it's a totally different design than both of these put together. It's not a bucket design. All right, show you that here. Okay, this here is my very first ball polisher. It's basically a wooden box here. It's got a little bungee cord. It's a regular car buffer. If you want to see the underneath of it here. Basically, I took the hole saw and then cut the holes in the wood. And this thing really buffs them quick. It takes an old set of balls and puts them like brand new. A lot of time I just take the rag and I polish the box level like this here. Also, too. This is a variable speed buffer. So it's, you know, you can get it spinning really fast. It's very noisy, though. Anyway, so there you have it. There is my very first polisher. This style is great. The buffer is a little noisy. But, you know, I've seen different versions where they have one similar to this right here and they use one of the other quieter polishers. I think they're all really neat designs. But I'll tell you what, pool is so much more enjoyable with a ball polisher. I mean, just keeping the balls up, keeping the equipment up at place. So if you enjoyed this video with the three ball polishers, how to build them a little bit inside the bottom, I suppose you probably want to know what kind of cleaners and compounds to use. Well, it all depends on how you like to play your pool game. If you use a wax, then it reduces the throw, which makes your cues play better and makes balls cut in more accurately. However, when you go to your local bar or your tavern lead where they're not using a ball polisher and the balls aren't wax, then you get a lot of throw because the balls kind of cling and it carries it off line. So here's the two products that I use. You can find a bolt that I believe at Walmart, cut boys. The first one is this Turtle Wax Express Shine. This is what I use in the ball polisher, you know, the second one that I showed you. And then I like this one. Carnuba Wax from others. I put it in the first ball polisher and it brings them to a shine, you know, like a buffed out car, you can see a mirror image in the balls. Anyways, this is a really great product.