 Hi, my name is Travis Kunkel and I'm the owner of Northwest residential and commercial painting company. Today, we're going to be talking about how much it costs to paint an interior room. All right, stay tuned. All right, so there are a lot of people who are interested in knowing how much it's going to cost to paint an interior room inside their house. But before a professional painter can give you a quote, we first need to know a few details. The first thing we need to know is the size of the room. So we need to know how long it is, how wide it is, and how tall the walls are. The second thing we need to know is what surfaces are we going to be painting? Are we just going to be painting the walls or are we going to be painting the walls and ceiling or are we also going to be doing the trim? Once we know the scope of work, then we need to know how much prep is going to be needed for each of those surfaces that we are going to be painting. And then we also need to know how many colors are going to be used in that room. Once we have all that information, then we can come up with a price for how much it's going to cost to paint that room. So let's come up with some examples. In the first example, we're going to be doing a common dining room that is 10 feet wide by 12 feet long by 8 feet tall. And we're only going to be doing the walls. Now in this circumstance, we're going to say that the walls are in perfectly good shape and all it's going to be is a quick repaint of two coats of paint. So a price for doing something like that for my company is going to be about $400. Now if we take another example and we take that same room and we add on the ceilings and let's say that in this example, there's actually some prep work on the walls. There's some dense and dings, maybe a stress crack that needs to get patched and textured and primed. And what we need to do is we're going to charge a little bit extra for that extra labor and the extra materials. And now we're going to come up with a price that's going to be somewhere around $650. Now if we take that example one step further and let's say that our client also wants the trim included, well, in this example, let's say that the trim needs a significant amount of repair. Now depending upon how much trim there is and if the windows are included, if there's a door included, if it's base boards and crown molding and how much prep there is with filling and sanding and priming and caulking of that trim, we could be looking at a price that ranges between $900 and $1,600 for a room that size. I hope you found this information useful. If you would like more information or you live in the Seattle area and you would like to request a quote, please click on one of the links below. I appreciate watching this video. Have a good day.