 What's up we're gonna try doing this vlog in 4k it's Keith Kalf, it's Keith Kalf So it's raining outside pretty good today so we're not working but I got the girdle out and I'm gonna be making some pancakes pancakes and eggs look at these eggs man oh my gosh delicious eggs and makes that all up real nice like a pimped out man that's my green juice that I made last night putting all these containers you'll see in a different vlog I put a link in the description below to oh my god what is this there's literally a stink bug honey honey oh you're good boy easy a good boy oh we got the delicious butter and milk pancakes I like to put it egg in there anyways filtered water oh jeepers are you tired of that come on in huh it's okay come on oh shit dog the battery is about to die in the vlog in camera we got only getting another battery for the vlog oh there's another battery for the vlog in camera dog back to 100% that battery life going there getting there getting there oh yeah oh this is Gracie she's a good the pot these are good the potty okay we need butter and we need a spatula whoa this is a mess down there's bachelor lol hold they got to tilt it so this isn't going to the the vet then I'm gonna chop I got some onions. Ooh, maybe I should chop up some onions. Oh shit, oh, no, no, no. Oh, shit. Three chopped onions out of bad, you gul'd. Ah, I chopped onions in the hood. That's a lot of onions now. The cookies are one of the things that I love to do. Cookin', look at this. And my lain, crystal salt is very good. And my lain, crystal salt. Whoa, that's a lot of salt. Ooh, we like the pepper, the pepper is good. But we like the pepper in the hood. A little bit of pepper. If I'm already making, I don't even know toast because we're making pancake dough. Pancake dough. We making that pancake dough. Yes, we making that pancake dough. Look, are you gonna be serious or what? No. I'll never get over this. There's real cheese and then there's fake cheese product. If you send an extra dollar 50, you get real cheese. And it's not just oils and crap. It's real cheese dough. And you put it in the oven. Hey. Okay. Here, let's leave the wrapper over here. I can't eat honey. You can't eat honey? No. How make you a little tiny bit? No. Thank you, though. That sucks. But, someone ain't hungry? Then it shouldn't eat. Are you turning? Do do do do. Whoa, that's some chunky ass. Thick fucking pancakes. Blah blah blah blah. Oh my hearing. There you go. Not fancy, just simple breakfast, dowel. Simple. Look at this plant. Look at this plant. This plant, it looks like a plant. Oh, it's a plant. It's a plant. Yeah, it's a plant. But it's a plant. Hmm, simple. Look at these plants. I love plants. We've got these forever, man. It's cool. That's cool. We'll put it in a bigger pot. Got the Christmas tree up down. Hmm, let's try it. Hmm. Good. Hmm. Probably these days are perfect. So you're hanging up with Christmas stockings. Yeah, let's go. Yeah. We're gonna put this stocking. I'll put it here. No, I don't want that stocking. All right, all right, all right, all right. Why is it all fuller? Come on, I don't have any makeup on or anything. I'm gonna make a bun. Okay, ready? One, two, three. I love this. I know it's really good. I love this. I know. I love this. It's a very cool new. It really is really cool. I love it. I love it. It really is. It's a lot of cool new. It's really good. It's really good. I love this. I love this. I love this. I love this. I love this.