 Loubout Til celebrations Oh, okay. Alright, so let me show you what I got here. So you can see, I know that I'm pulling stuff back here. It's definitely been patched up. And this was pretty rusty under here. I'm not quite sure. If you can see that too well, but it's pretty clear that the frame rail in the back here has been patched up. That's a little bit upsetting to see. And this patch is on here. Not a very good job if you ask me. So I'm going to show you what to do at this point. The center of those trucks. It's a pretty good shape still. It's just these edges here. Yeah. You see any little brace I made in there? Keep everything. Where it belongs, where I tore the quarters off. And this, I'm not too sure what to do about this. This has been patched. Looks like at least three times. And this wheel out there. You can see that's a big mess. That's been patched numerous times as well. It's about the only spot that's still original up in here. There's a lot of rust down in there. No, maybe it's just a bad patch. No, I'm looking a little bit closer at it. Oh, it's a rust down in there. The middle section's good solid, but the front's in the rear here. It's a pretty rough shape. I've already taken this chunk out here. This had been previously patched and I really poor jobs. I'm going to rebuild this little section of the door jam back up. I'm going to get my sandblaster on that, clean that up. I'll put my patch on. The front needs to be done as well. Someone's patched that already. The center section's okay. Underneath, like I said, just the front and the rear here. The sill needs to be done over. A lot of little work to do before I can put that rear quarter back on. It's not too sure what to do with that trunk. Let's see what I can. Yeah, it's pretty apparent now that this area has really been patched up. That patch doesn't look too good to me. Oh, so you can see this patch. That doesn't look too bad, actually, from underneath. It's just this last little section here. So maybe I can get it away with leaving that bigger patch in the trunk and just focus on this section here. Lots of oil on your coat. Kaked under here. Oh, well. All right, let's get to the now folks. Yeah. Let's do it. Oh, we're open. I got something. Oh, that one's really easy. Oh. Yeah, it won't keep off really easy. Well, that's even worn too. Hmm. Yeah. All right, so when I took the door off, I noticed that it wasn't original down in here. And there was some bondo. So I took the wire wheel brush and we can see what's underneath here now. They put a patch over this. Down in here. Well, this is definitely original underneath here. But it looks like this little patch is here underneath here. So you can see that you can see the silvers rusted out here and then they patched it over. Oh, yeah, I filled that in with some weld because it was so badly worn out. So what I'm going to do now is I'm going to mount it in my middle and try and drill that out to the correct size. Try it like that. It's going down a bit. Oh, it certainly goes through. And these mosquitoes. Good. All right, I'm happy with that. Oh, yeah, that's good and snug there now. Hopefully it lines up half decent. Okay. One job out of the way. You You You You You You You