 MUSIC Word up food, cheapers. We're gonna make... F***er Chai! Yes! I knew you were wondering what you was gonna say then. Didn't you? You felt f***er, Chai. You wondered what it was, didn't you? No, f***er Chai. It's a lovely bit of bread, yeah. It's a beautiful kind of thick flatbread. It's spongy, it's so delicious. It's so delicious! I'm gonna do a flavour and Janara's gonna do a flavour. Joyful. Yes. Joyful. As you know, this is the Italian challenge. Janara can tell, all my mentor, one of the early things that we made together back in the day, 20 years ago. Yes. A bread was at the heart of what this man did. He gave that love to me, I've taken it forward. But first of all, tell the lovely people of food, some of the flavours that you can do with f***er Chai. Almost everything you can do with anion, you can do it with a patiti, you can do it with a cheese, you can do it with a rosemary, you can do it with a tomat, you can do it with thyme, you can do it with a garlic, with a wild mash on, with all the new mash on, with a little bit of olive oil, and whether you take them out, brother more than a table. Aaaaah! If you love Janara, give us a thumbs up. If you really love him, give us a comment. First of all, we need to mix the flour and the yeast. So we have 500 grams of beautiful flour. After we have a strong flour. And we've got some yeast. Put that into our jug, 7 grams in these little sachets, always 7 grams. Add 325 milliliters of tepid water. Go, go, go, go, go, go, a little bit. Nice pinch of salt. I'll take the liberty of just a little bit of olive oil. That is good. We always put just a table spoon. This just gets a nice bit of richness and colour happening in the dough. Just pour the warm water with the yeast, stir it, with a spoon, until it comes all together. Dry and use the spoon as much as possible. And then when it's too hard to use the spoon anymore, a little flour on your hands. So then we need, need for about 10 minutes. Just pull it back and then push it away. You want to stretch the gluten. And you want to really make it elastic to build up that kind of rubber band like kind of texture. And the reason you want it to be like that is as the yeast produces air, gas, you don't want it just to sort of escape. You want that sort of, that sort of bendiness of the bread, the kind of structure of the bread, to really hold the air in. So it's light and spongy and gorgeous. We want to create some humidity. Just put the bowl over. So we're going to let that proof for 40 minutes. Then we're going to come back and show you what to do next. One, two, three. Yeah. It's lovely and stretchy now. This reminds me of genaros. Beautiful soft skin. Ah. And gospel that. So we're going to shape the focaccia now. Polenta o semolido. This particular one is polenta, you just a little bit. If you want it, you're coming to put the lever high on inside. Look how soft and silky that is. So we're going to lay this into the tray. Easy. Extra virgin cold pressed olive oil. A couple of tablespoons going there. Going deep to the bottom, loads of holes. You can tell we've made a beautiful dough here. See how delicate that is there. Beautiful. So we're in a good place. So we're going to do two different ones. I'm going to use beautiful boiled red skin potatoes. They're kind of lovely crushed. At the same time, and this is not traditional, but I always love to show you new things. That's the purple potato. It's just a really beautiful thing. So I quite like leaving the skin on as well. It's no problem. Time. Just put a little oil on the outside. If you put herbs on dry, it will taste of nothing. OK? If you just massage it in a bit of oil, then you put that on top, and the flavour will be transmitted onto the lovely dough, and it will be incredible. Gorgonzola, not too much. Hardly anything. 20, 30 grams. Tiny bit of salt and pepper, and that is my combo. So what are you going to do, Janani? Talk us through your combo. The mariage over the basil and tomato together, it is incredible. You just have a little hole. You're sticking it's finger in again. And then you put them inside the basil. Put this time of basil. And then get a cloth. Damp with some warm water. And we want to create some humidity. And it's going to double in size. Beautiful. Our job is now to keep as much of that air in the forculture. So it's crisp on the outside, and beautiful, and spongy on the inside. Is that fair to say? You set the perfect to earth. Lovely. See you in 45 minutes. 45 minutes. Go by. And double look. Oh my, my. Double inside. Inside that is this little passos of fuller lab. I'm going to put little fudge of salt in off to match. We're going to cook this for about 20 minutes, 25 minutes, at 20 minutes, for 100% rate, for 100% rate. So be really gentle when you put it in the oven. Don't slam the door. And then in about 20 or 25 minutes, you're going to get a beautiful forculture. Not the pizza forculture. You ready? Yeah, yes. So now I get your one mate. Beautiful. Look at that. You definitely don't want to be eating this straight away. Let it cool down. At least 10 minutes. Very important, you have to feed the forculture. As soon as it comes out of the oven, it's hungry for good oil. OK? We've done some extra ones as well, which can be a little bit cooler, so we can eat those. So that's what we're looking for, brothers and sisters. Really crisp bottom, spongy soft middle, crispy top. Come and have a look. Those little wells where all that lovely oil's gone really, really nice. Just look at that. Really nice with cured meats. So should we try some of this, Janara? Yeah. Can I? Yeah, go for it. Flavours are lovely. Well done, Janara. So there you go, guys. I hope you enjoyed that lovely forculture recipe. If you like it, give it a thumbs up. We love getting your thumbs up. Put the comments on the comments box below. If you've got any ideas for toppings, we love hearing all that too. Remember, Janara has his own channel. Click that box. We're right down there. Subscribe to his channel because it's free, just like food, cheap. If you're wondering why me and Janara have dressed down today, it's because we've been doing the front cover of the Next Jamie magazine. You are going to love it until next time from me and Janara. Ciao. I'm Rima del Che. I keep cooking, keep cooking. Subscribe. I'm waiting, waiting, waiting, waiting. Now. You're down, guys. Love you. We love you.