 When dishes are washed with commercial detergents, there is a possibility of some chemical residue being left on the dish surface. These chemicals can then mix with a food and enter a body. Further, since these detergents have strong disinfectants, on coming in contact with our skin, they can cause allergies or irritation. Moreover, once these go out of the drain, they add to environmental pollution. To avoid all these toxicities and harmful effects, it's good to switch to natural dish washing cleaning solutions. In this video, we will show you how to make these easily at home. Using a natural dish wash, you can not only clean and remove germs and bacteria from your dishes, but you can also clear away any stains. Further, by adding our favourite essential oils in a homemade dish wash, you can even make it smell good. Natural dish washes are inexpensive, eco-friendly and very easy to make them at home. Let's see how. Add about 6 cups of water in a vessel. Do this. Add about 10 to 12 bowl shells of soap nuts. Let this boil for about 20 minutes. Keep stirring. Once done, remove the vessel from the flame and allow the liquid to cool. Strain the liquid and remove the soap nut shells. In this liquid, add half a teaspoon of tea tree oil, add half a teaspoon of lavender oil, mix this well. Store this mixture in a glass bottle and use for washing whenever needed. Store this in a cool place and it will last for about a month's time. Take one bowl of borax. Make sure you use natural borax mineral, which has no chlorine or any other chemical added. Add 1 cup of washing soda, add half a cup of dry lemon peel powder, add half a cup of salt, add about 5 drops of lemon essential oil, mix this well, store this in a dry container. You may use 1 tablespoon of this powder at a time. Use hot water while washing your dishes as this will help the food particles to easily break away from the dish surface. Take care. Hi. Hope you like the video. Write in your comments below and let us know what you think. Do subscribe to HomeWaydar to stay updated with our new videos and to join our nature loving user community. I will see you again soon. Till then, take care.