 We're going to show you how to wash your chicken. And this is my assistant Paige and this is Pete Pete. She's a bountaine Polish colon that's going to go to a show this weekend. So the first thing we're going to do is we're going to add butter and I have the thing, a little bit of water and I'm going to put it in the sink here. The most important thing, you want to make sure you do not drown your chicken. So make sure that you kind of have a spot, it's head up out of water. And then what I usually do is I will turn the water on low and just run the water over her. Make sure it's not too hot, let it cool. That's going to get... And now I'll have my assistant get soaked and what we use is just baby soap. And we'll do the crest last with the body first. I'm just going to make sure to get all the areas of tail underneath the tail, sides. I want to make sure that you get the vent nice and clean. When they're in the water, sometimes if I see the water getting too high I'll release the water to make sure like chicken doesn't drown. Just make sure I'm getting nice and make sure to get all the soap off. But we're not going to worry about that too much right now, it's still me to be depressed. Crested varieties are really hard to wash because you want to make sure you don't drown them. So the way I do it is I hold them like this and I kind of just tilt them backwards to make sure that I don't get any... Make sure that they don't get any water in them now. Yeah, I don't like it too much. Sometimes they do, sometimes they don't. I'm going to just put some soap on our crest very gently. And this is baby soap so if it does happen to get in their eyes, it's okay. And then when you are washing them you just want to make sure that you get... You want to make sure that when you're looking at them that they don't have any mites or lice. Polish, another crested variety seems to get a lot of pests but this one doesn't have any. I do use front line on my birds and I usually don't have a problem. You just want to make sure that their eyes are clear. You want to make sure that you're taking a healthy bird. So then when I rinse it out, I'm just going to make sure that I'm being very careful that I'm getting all the soap out and I'm not getting in and in her mouth. Other breeze aren't so hard but these... These have problems with that. So after I rinse... I'm going to put her into this sink over here. It has just clean water and I make sure I get all of it out. And then what we're going to do is we're going to after we know that she's clean, going to grab the towel. We do that after we rinse it. So what my assistant's saying is to check for studs and what that is is just making sure that she doesn't have any feathers growing on her feet or on her legs because that's a disqualification. So I'll just come over here, wrap her up in a towel and what we're going to do now is we're going to trim her nails. So what it's easier to do in one person's holding and one person's trimming and you're just going to make sure that the red part right here do not trim over it. Just trim like a little bit of it at a time just because if you trim the bloodring and it'll get all but messy. Next. Judges don't like to be scratched so this is really important that you trim their nails. Making sure you're not getting to. If you do cut and they do bleed a little bit it's no big deal they'll stop bleeding. Now why we're doing that we'll just look real fast for studs just to make sure she doesn't have any. Oh look she had a stub. That right there that little feather would have been a disqualification. So you need to make sure that you're, it doesn't really happen very often. This is actually the first time I've ever found one on the birds. So after you cut both we're going to cut these real fast and then we'll show you where I found the stub. Another stub. Nope that's not a stub that's just a hair. No it's like behind your, I thought that was a scale. Okay what we know she's clean. We're in California and it's still kind of cold. I don't want to just put her outside in the cold so why not usually do it. We have it set up where we let her off and put her in the stove and I'll just keep them in a little kennel until they dry off. So this is where she'll be for well but she's nice and clean. She's ready to go to show this weekend. And we'll see how she does. She says, we're good.