 Cooking with plants, vegan and easy. Hi everyone, it's Anya from Cooking with Plants. And today I've actually got a viewer request for a cashew milk. So I'm making a sweet and creamy version of this. And I'll show you how to make that right now. So for this recipe you're going to need a blender. A pretty powerful blender if you've got one. If not, you may want to soak the cashews in some water for about 20 minutes minimum. If not, you could soak them overnight. And then just give them a rinse off. And in your blender you'll want four cups of water. If you want a creamy version of the milk, then use less water. So you can just adjust that to your own taste. But for today I'm using four cups of water. And I'm adding to this one cup of cashews. To sweeten this I'm adding five pitted majol dates. They're nice and soft and really super sweet. So that is going to taste really good. And I love vanilla flavor in my cashew milk. But if you don't want that, if you want a more neutral taste, leave it out. But I do love, personally love the addition of this. So I've got one teaspoon of vanilla extract going in. And finally I've just got a couple of pinches of Celtic sea salt. And I want to add that just to pull out the sweet flavors that are going into this as well. And just makes it taste really really nice. So pop the lid onto this. And then give this a blend for a good minute or two until it's really smooth and creamy. And that's actually almost the hardest part of this milk. So you don't need to spend lots of money on store bought nut milks. You can make them the same way or any seeds that you'd like to experiment with. Use those as well. So for the next stage, you'll need either a very, very fine strainer, a metal strainer. Or what I like to use is a nut milk bag. So it's just like a very thin cheesecloth. And that will actually separate the pulp from the milk. So we'll run this through. And then just gently squeeze that just to get all the liquid out. And if you don't like to spray around a little bit, you may want to do this in a sink. And then just keep squeezing this until all of the liquid is out. And we'll feel that the pulp is quite dry. Okay, so just for ease of pouring, I'm just going to put this back into the blender just to make it easy to pour into a glass and not spill everywhere. Okay, there you have it, fresh cashew milk, homemade without any additives and it's not officially flavoured or anything like that. Just fresh creamy and delicious. That is really, really good. So quick and easy to make. Great if you can just keep it on hand for keeps fresh for a good couple of days. I wouldn't use it any longer than that. It starts to just not taste as nice. So just make it every couple of days, keep it in the fridge really quick and easy to make. And like I said, you can use any nuts that you have. So give it a try and you won't ever buy a store bought again. I know why I don't. I like to just make my own. It's really, really yummy. So if you want to see this recipe and print it out, it's on my website at cookingwithplants.com. And also join me on Facebook at Cooking With Plants. And I will see you for the next recipe. Bye.