 I didn't want to say anything right away in the beginning because I wanted you to hear the birds and how beautiful of a day it is today. It's almost 80 degrees and feels awesome. I wanted you guys to take that in for a minute. Today we're going to talk about Gooseberry bushes. Gooseberries are related to currents and I found a bunch of them growing wild out in Colorado. The Gooseberries that I have grown here, I've got some green ones that are from Russia, Russia area, western China and then I've got a Japanese variety, Hino Machi Red. The ones that I found out grow the best are the Russian ones. I guess maybe they like it a little bit more warmer. The Hino Machi Red doesn't grow as fast or not as productive. Here's some of the rows that I've got and this is on the far end of my property line right there. This is one of the pair trees that I have that got messed up pretty bad by the deer. If you guys remember this is one of the trees I got chewed all the way around. I was lucky enough to have a nice little replacement growing right. It's actually above the graph so we're pretty good on that. So if this guy doesn't make it I've got a replacement right here and obviously a little deer came and nipped that off right there but it's growing good. So far so good but yeah look at the blossoms on here. Little native bees and everything so it's fantastic. It looks really good. All the trees that got messed up by the deer are recovering and I could show you an apple tree right here. This is a grain used to this apple. I don't have any replacements on that guy right there but you can see they almost they ringed it and it's surviving with half of it and I'm hoping that somewhere in here down in here there'll be another little little guy otherwise I'll have to replace this with a new tree which I don't want to do but I'm just kind of letting it go. I mean I've got so many trees I've tried to protect it since then with the netting and some autumn olive and a nice big peach, a little peach right there and my ADD's picking in guys. That's what I wanted to do the video about. Now this is I'm trying to remember oh Pickswell. This is a Pickswell Gooseberry and I planted this one I'd probably say it wasn't last spring but it was the spring before that. So about two years ago it was just a little guy growing way down here you can kind of see the original growth right there and I was just a little guy like this and already it's up three feet tall right here and things don't mess with the Gooseberries. That's why I love it. I don't have to protect them. They've got little thorns on them if you can see that right there and I have noticed though that the deer will come and prune it for me. They just nibble off the tips and I've got another one I can show you that that all of them have that which is okay because they're naturally making these guys bush out more which is cool with me. So let me show you some more. I planted this one right about the same time and I think Gooseberries and currents depending on where you live these Pickswell Gooseberries do great in the south but I'm sure they do great up north on the east coast you know anywhere in Minnesota or any of that stuff and there's actually native varieties that you can find out in the wild and bring a little seedling home and see how they do in your yard also too because that's what I do with a lot of the native stuff that's around here you know pop-offs and spice bush and wild plums and you name it. Here's one. You can see the deer nibbed to took the little tips off of each one of these. Here, sorry about the wind all of them but that's okay let me look at this guy. He's got some good growth there. And I've got some more spread out in different parts of the yard and in the little nursery over here I've got a bunch of them too. So I'm gonna put some of them in there and I'll head some over here. Okay here's one of the smaller ones. This one I planted last year and it was also just a little little nib that I got from the nursery for about eight bucks and you can see it. It's about half the size of the other ones but what's nice is even at this size they'll fruit. Those big ones over there they'll have some fruit on them here in the next next few months while updating guys on that. I'm saving some more. All right before I get to that I want to show you here's one of the little spots I have in the little nursery where there's a bunch of wild seedling. Seedling nursery. And I planted two little pots of rhubarb here and they didn't do too good the first year and I was like oh check it out. We've got some rhubarb. They're all hiding underneath when we come cover these guys. It's a good sunlight. Yeah. So I've got some rhubarb growing here guys. That's pretty cool and the rhubarb you use the juicy sweet red stalks. They're really sweet and sour. More sour I guess and a bunch of sugar toms. And yep I planted two of them. I planted one here and one here and that wasn't last summer that was probably summer for that and already coming out of wintertime they're looking pretty good. I wasn't here last summer so they might have even done pretty good even last year. Last summer I just didn't know. Cool. And of course right next to the rhubarb there is some praying mantis cocoons. One two and three. I'm actually going to stick this kind of came loose. I'm going to stick it right back down there with the the other ones. There we go. Nice. All right here's another gooseberry. I got to put this one in last year. And this was a mulberry that I planted and they're right next to each other but stuff will eat the mulberry so I'm trying to cover this up. This will be cool once this mulberry tree gets up maybe this gooseberry will kind of protect the protect the base of it. Nothing will mess with it then you know because stuff doesn't really like the thorns of these gooseberries so we'll see. And here's a nanking cherry. These are just awesome. It's the first time that my nanking really flowered like this. There was a few flowers on them but not like that so I'm definitely going to get some fruit on these this year I'm pretty sure. That's cool. This one's about maybe 40 feet tall. And here's another gooseberry bush. And here's another nanking. This one's a little bit bigger. This one's about five feet tall. A little bit bushy or a little bit bigger. Cool. Yeah I can't wait to get some fruit off these because I've never actually tried a nanking fruit and they really like growing here so that's that's really good. Alright now here's one of the the Hino Machi Red and you can see that it I planted this the same time I planted those two big pigswell gooseberries and you can see it's a variety that is probably more suited for another another place and it's not even as full and green but that's why you plant different varieties and I've got some bigger ones over here. Let me see if I can find them. Alright we're going to finish it up with this one. I've got a few more that I just kind of have to look for but this here is actually one of the red ones also but it's a little bit more fuller. You can see it's not as tall and straight up as the other one. It's a little bit more squat and you can see what the bush looks like but I'm showing you guys this because it's one of the first things to green up. A lot of the trees are just now starting to flower. The plums have already flowered the peaches are flowering again which is kind of cool and the bees are loving it. You can see all the little bugs and bees and everything flying around. There's a hum so we'll probably get some good peaches if you're listening. So thanks for watching guys. It's just an update on me using gooseberries, different varieties of gooseberries as understory bushes in between all my fur trees. So I'll take care and we'll see you on the next one.