 them to another how to video from Bugspray.com. In this video I'll be demonstrating how to dust a cicada kill a nest using dry own. I'll also be showing you the proper equipment you'll need if you prefer to use a liquid. Now in this video I'm going to be dusting the nest, but let's say you've decided to use a liquid material, the Cypher Methylene. Remember you'll mix up the Cypher Methylene one ounce to a gallon adding spreadestickers as well to your tank mix, and you'll need to pump at least a quart of not a half gallon down each hole. Getting it down the hole is a little tricky because it's not a large hole, it's maybe the size of your pinky. The best way to do a liquid application is to take any pump sprayer, the pump sprayer as we carry, have removable nozzles and most of them. What you want to do is unscrew the nozzle from the spray wand, and once removed you'll see that it has basically a nice hole on the spray wand that you can use to get the material to come out. What I mean by rapidly is kind of like a faucet. So if you're going to treat using a liquid definitely set up your sprayer to work like this, as you can see it's almost like basically a garden hose. And by pumping it out this rapidly the material will get you coverage quickly, which you need. You want to get the material down the hole quickly, at least the quart if not a half gallon. So if you're going with the liquid treatment, make sure you've removed the spray nozzle from the spray wand or really aid in getting the material down there. So in the next part of this video I'm going to demonstrate how easy it is to dust the cicada killer nest. Generally it's best to do this in the evening after you know the cicada killer has come back to the nest, but in this video I'm doing it in the middle of the day, mostly for light, the sun's out, and it's a good chance to get a good video of the actual application and the result. So I've waited for the cicada killer to be active in the nest and I'll now dust it using this standard hand duster which has been filled with dry own. It's important to realize when you dust because you're pointing the duster down a lot of dust is going to come out and it's going to come out quickly. This is okay. You want it to flush down the hole, you want it to blanket the entire hole and usually some will squirt back up. That's perfectly normal. As soon as it comes up you're done and then you simply retreat, let the dust sit at least for a day to ensure that you've gotten all of the cicada killers that are active and afterwards you can go ahead and seal up the hole. In this case I know the cicada killer will be in the nest so I want to see how long it takes for it to come out after it's been dusted. Usually what will happen is they'll be stunned by the treatment and they won't die inside the nest. Usually within half a minute or a minute they'll come out and fly away and never to be seen again. I'm going to use the hole after the treatment. Here's my left index finger just above the hole. I'll leave it open for the day and then tomorrow I'll seal it up. Even though I know the main cicada killer that was active in here is left but just to be sure since there's no rain in the forecast I'll let it sit. Thanks for watching this how-to video from Bokesbrae.com.