 Hello, my name is Helen Ready and today I'll show you how to grow fish. Scrip the grilled green with a metal brush. Cover the section of the grill where you'll be placing the fish with a piece of foil. The foil will reflect the heat resulting in a significantly harder grill grate. Why is that so good? Because this will help the fish brown effectively and release from the grill without sticky. Let's turn all the burners on high and go prep out fish. Okay, so any idiot can show you how to grill swordfish. But how about this little red snapper that can curl up during cooking, stick to the grill and fall through the grate. To prevent auffelays from curling up on the grill, let's score the skin diagonally. The curling problem also occurs with all types of bass and sometimes bluefish. But scoring the skin prevents it from getting a grip on the flesh and warping it. Salmon, trout and char don't have this issue so you don't need to score them. Let's make a simple marinade of one half teaspoon soy sauce, one half teaspoon dillon mustard, and one half garlic clove grated on a microplane zester. Take a fork and whisk to combine. Now let's add the most important ingredient, oil. Without it, the wet ingredients in your marinade, like soy sauce or lemon juice, will glue the fish to the grill and drizzle in two tablespoons of aloe while whisking to emulsify my marinade. Let's try the fish thoroughly on paper towels. Wet fish will not brown and will stick to the grill. Sprinkle it with salt and pepper on all sides. Only do this when the grill is ready so that the moisture pulled out by the salt doesn't glue the fish to the grill. An even better option is to do this two to 24 hours in advance and then dry the fish before grilling. I'll coat one piece with the marinade and the other with just oil so that you can see the difference. Keep in mind that the marinade is not necessary. If built wisely, it can help the fish brown and give it more flavor. But marinade loaded with sweetened wet ingredients can cause tremendous sticking on the grill so proceed with caution. Be conservative when coating your fish. Too much oil or marinade will result in flare-ups. Our grill has been preheating for 15 minutes. Make sure it reaches its maximum temperature before you start grilling. Pour some oil into a folded piece of paper towel. Remove the foil covering the grill. Hold the paper towel with tongues and wipe the grill 5 to 8 times. This seasons your grill and makes it non-stick. It's the same principle as seasoning a cast iron skillet. Place the fish diagonally to the grill grids, skin side up and cover the grill. After 2 minutes, check for grill marks by lifting the corner of the fillet with tongues. If it looks good, carefully and slowly, lift the fillet with tongues, slip a spatula underneath and rotate 90 degrees. Any sharp movement can break up your fish, so pull very slowly. Cover the grill for another minute to let the criss-cross grill pattern form. If you're working with fillets that are thinner than one inch, I suggest you skip the whole criss-cross thing. The less you disturb your fish, the less likely it is to fall apart. Time to flip. Slowly dislodge the fish with tongues, slide the spatula underneath and push it onto the skin side. Support the fillet with tongues as you flip it over. Cover the grill back up and wait a couple of minutes for the skin to brown. I'm not going to risk tearing the skin to get the criss-cross marks and I suggest you don't either. I have a trace of translucency in the center of the fillet, but most of the flesh is a pig. This means our fish is done. To take the fish off the grill, slowly lift the top with tongues, slide the spatula underneath and pick it up. Can you tell which fillet was coated with a marinade? Yep, the one that got a better color, the right one. Let's top the fish with a little herb butter and let it rest for 5 minutes, per inch of thickness. This will finish cooking the center and let the temperature of the fish come to a colabrium. From Helen's Kitchen in Boston, happy cooking and baking to you.