 So you want to put up a high-tensile fence, but you don't want to dig a bunch of holes, post-hole digger, rinse and auger, pour a bunch of concrete, got a quick solution for you. Let's go! They call a scene, I call disaster, down here to kick or fast or scared. It's killing me, I'm going back with this dope one. What is up guys, welcome back. Today we're going to be putting up a new fence, a little area for the pigs, get them out of the main yard. We're going to be putting in a no-climb horse fence, which requires stretch unlike the walled wire over here. The benefits of this, it's a lot more heavy duty, it's 12 gauge versus the 14 gauge in the walled wire. The thickness in the wire, it's a lot thicker and it's got these woven knots. We can stretch the real tight, where the pigs can't bust out of there. And then this is an example of the welded wire, which is pretty good stuff, just not as strong, not as thick. Now to stretch this bad boy, it made a finch stretcher. You can buy these things or 70 bucks, or you can just make your own. That's one eight foot two by four, cut in half. And then some bolts through it, that five bolts there to distribute the tension of the fence so we don't damage it. And then just the chain running off, we'll attach that to the tractor and give it a good yanking. Every once in a while, I find the product that I want to share with you guys that works really well. Today I've got one. Whenever you're driving around these rural areas and you see these fences, they've all got brace corners. Takes a lot of man-hour, a lot of time, effort, money to dig these things down. People are going like five, six feet in the ground with them, trying to brace it all up. There's a company that makes this wedge kit, you got to check it out. It's called Wedge Lock. Let me show it to you real quick. Check these things out. They install in just minutes. Just slide the thing over your tee post. You got these little pieces of lock, another tee post in it, like a 45 degree angle. And here, take this and film this for a minute. It's like a really big fence, nice and tight. I actually went to their website, stole a little clip, checked this out. The strength of Wedge Lock hardware can be seen in this demonstration. A stress test was performed at the University of Arizona's Agricultural Research Department to determine how much resistance could be applied to the bracing. The wire fencing itself snapped, leaving the Wedge Lock hardware intact. The end goal is to get that thing. Where's your brother at? The fence stretcher is on. It's time to add a little horse power. This side here is too much fence for this, the pool. So we have to use it come along. Get into the last bit. Now I know these aren't going to be as strong as like an eight inch round post and a big old bowl hitting on it or something. But for the reason I needed it, it was perfect. There we go. Fences installed with the Wedge Lock system. Nice and sturdy. Turned out real good. Another shop on the inside, letting that grass kind of grow up. So the pigs they eat and stuff. These Wedge Locks come in a kit for that corner right there. It was $22 for the pieces to do that corner, not including the T-posts, the T-posts, or $369 each. And then over here, for doing an end, that's $17 for the pieces for that plus the $3.69 T-posts. If you liked the video, leave a like, comment, subscribe. Make sure you click that subscribe button. You get notifications for our next videos. Also check out my channel down here. All kinds of other cool videos. Check them out, check them out. Alright guys, that's all I have for today. Thanks again for watching. Take care. Later. Peace.