 Going on guys my name is Matt this is full tilt bullies this is gonna be part one of part two I'm doing a breeding today with Foxy to a male off of mud That a client of mine owns we did a breeding together anyway. I'll do a video him show y'all him He's he is a really nice male. He's turning out real good But this video this part is on AIs I do mostly a eyes. I'm not against natural. I just think a eyes It's a little easier. It's a little safer if you got a nice short dog it It's it's easier for him to not have to struggle to get up on them But instead of buying the AI kits I think in the AI kit you get three tubes three syringes How I don't know exactly But it's it's not a whole lot for like 15 bucks 20 bucks something like that. I make my own AI kits So I believe the most Expensive part is these syringes here you can get different sizes It takes two milliliters to get a dog pregnant most studs want to give you anywhere from 10 to 20 25 or so um And these right here cost I want to say like 80 cent or a dollar or something like that. So You know the majority of what you spend is probably going to be on On these syringes, but what I do is and I'm gonna try to do this one handed What I do is I buy You know so many of these and like I said 15 bucks for three is basically what you get you don't want to wash them out and reuse them I just don't think that that I'm I'm not saying you can't but I don't uh But you get you know you get these and these right here are Grommet this is I also do tattoo. So um, this is how I found out these would work um, these are Grommets tattoo machines you get like a hundred of them for a dollar or something like that you can get them at um Order on I think you can get them from Walmart different places But you know, I just ordered mine with my tattoo stuff. There are one dollar and you get a hundred of them So that's a hundred a eyes there then these are not the original bags I get I ran out So I had to just grab some but you can get some freezer bags for It's like a hundred of them for two or three bucks um At Walmart the big freezer bags they don't have the zip on them. They tie off so they're you know, they're just open and this right here is tubing from I got from like lows. It's like refrigerator line that goes on the back of refrigerator so What you do is and then you got to get you know your gloves and your K-Wide jelly So that'll go in long ways you get your big box of gloves that'll go in long ways So in your Grommets and your syringes, but you take cut you off I cut off about anywhere from 10 to 12 inches and you don't have to put all that in there You know, shoot the female kind of let you know, you know when you're about there you'll fill it Which I'll go over that in the second video But what you do is you take and if you can see this here um You just stick the grommet down in the end of your tubing and then it pushes right up on the end of your syringe It's airtight it You know, it's don't come off. It's not you know, it's not going to be a problem but You get Like I said your syringes is going to be the most expensive part so You know, it's a lot better overall deal for people that's going to you know, breed and you can you know You're doing multiple readings. You're talking about to do three AIs for one breed and 15 bucks at a time You're getting out you know a whole lot cheaper here uh, you know $3.54 maybe five bucks. So you save yourself $10 per breed and um But I can say I just you know, you do people do whatever they want to this is just what I do saves a little money. I put it together myself. It's you know, all been sterilized and stuff I got it laying out here just kind of for the video for show, but um Yeah, that's what I do. I appreciate y'all y'all have a good day