 You set it onto your work surface. You want powdered sugar so the fondant doesn't stick. I use powdered sugar instead of cornstarch because you're adding sweetness into the fondant as opposed to that stargine kind of flavor which a lot of people prefer to use. It has the same kind of non-sticky effect but it doesn't have the same pleasurable tasting effect. You need to kind of need or condition the fondant a little bit. You tell it's nice and smooth and ready to go. We spend many hours every week tending fondant because we're usually matching all swatches that people bring in. If it's a wedding cake we have a fabric swatch or an invitation so we're trying to match food to paint with a linen which is not as easy as to ask to do. So we will spend hours sometimes making one color. We love it when it's white or some shade of pink doesn't really matter but when it has to be exactly that's difficult. Then you want to roll out your fondant to an even consistent thickness which is a quarter inch or less the thicker the fondant the worse it will taste. So if you have been to a place that had a fondant cake and you didn't like it check the thickness that they put on that fit that's part of the reason to chomp in into something that's pretty not attractive to eat. Even good fondant if it's a half inch thick isn't really going to be that peeling. We try not to transfer too much of the powdered sugar to the top surface because it changes the look of the fondant and I like to move it around frequently so it doesn't get stuck. It's always on top of powdered sugar and you don't really want to spend too much time doing this because it will start to dry out and we'll get a crust or a skin over the top surface once that skin forms and you try to move it it will wrinkle and look like elephant skin. Now the really attractive thing on a cake. So this is one of the reasons why a lot of places don't even offer fondant because they don't have somebody there who really is skilled at doing it properly because there are a lot of little things that you need to do and be able to do quickly in order for it to look right and taste right. It's also an added expense so some places just don't have it. I think it adds a really nice effect to a cake. It makes it look moody and smooth there. It makes it look can make it look shiny if you add pearlization to it at the end which is something you'll see in a minute. It's a colorless powder that has a shimmer to it so when it catches the light it glistens like the winter. So you measure the height of your cake which in this case is 3.5 inches. Since we have two sides we double that so we have 7. It's an 8 inch cake so 7 plus 8 is 15 so we need a 15 inch piece of fondant. I've got 16 so I'm good to go. Now some people prefer to roll this up on the rolling pin and that unroll it over here. I like to just pick it up. Set it down. It's a little bit faster so you save a little time. That out of the way so you can see. Now to get this onto the cake we're just going to use your one hand and right hand it. So I'm using my left hand to shake out the wrinkles and my right hand to just guide it coax it to touch the buttercream and it will stick to the buttercream. So a fondant covered cake by us is covered in the two layers of buttercream and then a layer of fondant. Two reasons. One is if somebody there at the party doesn't like fondant they can get right off of their piece and they still have a buttercream iced piece of cake to eat. Number two is if you don't put the buttercream on there the cake itself will show through the fondant and it will not love the peeling. And people who do like fondant get two layers of icing. Buttercream fondant. And you really don't have a huge amount of fondant at one individual piece of cake unless you're square cake and you got the corner and you got all icing and no cake which is okay with some people. Once you've gotten the whole way around I like to smooth it a little bit inside of my apples but help to smooth out any little tiny fine lines and perfections in the fondant. And then a little pizza cutter. And that is going to trim off all of our excess. It's closely to the base of the cake as you can. So already the cake has transformed an appearance. And all of this becomes scrap fondant that we use for decorations. So we use it for borders we use it for cuttings out we use it for hand modeling we use it to cover a cake model that we put in the front window but we don't use it to cover a cake.