 So I'm going to now show you some stuff that you're going to need to make some of these resin pendants. Just take this here. What you're going to need is some resin. You can either use this stuff here or the stuff that I like to use is called Easy Cast. I have in this bag because it kind of leaked. Now I don't have enough in here. So we're going to use it as epoxy. You're also going to need some toothpicks. I cut the mix it with. You're also going to need some measuring spoons. Preferably ones that don't have like wax to them. They're going to wear away. These ones are pretty good to get these at Target. You're also going to need some molds. This one here. I have this one that you can get from Joann's. I'm going to have this one. I have this one here. And this one here. You're also going to need some stickers to put in like this. I have some donuts. Hello, kiddies. Or some light cupcakes. Just anything that's small enough that you can fit into these. And you're going to also need some glitter. I have the Martha Stewart ones. They're like flaky glitters. Cut pretty. And you can also add like some acrylic tools and stuff if you want. So this is just the stuff that you need to make these pendants here. So yeah, let me just start doing it. I'll show you how to make cream cream. First thing you do, take your cast. Just lay out to the side. I'm using it with the bottle sign. One's a partner. One's resin. I'm not sure if you can see them. I'm going to do different ones. They're going to collect apps. What you're going to do is you're going to take your stone. I usually use the biggest one. Take your cup in your bowl. Make sure you have a timer. I use my phone. So we're going to use my phone. Let me set it up here. Okay. We're going to take one part of the partner. Pour it in. Remember these have to be equal parts. Okay. Part ribbon's here. Cut. Show you take your spoon. Scrape it all out. Sorry, you can't see this. Scrape it all out. Nice idea to have a window open or have a mask on because this stuff is very, very, very toxic. Okay. So next we're going to take the resin. Do the same thing. There's your door. Equal parts. Okay. Same thing. Pour it right up. And just scoop out. So now what you're going to do is set your timer to two minutes. And just mix. Okay. So now that you've resin is mixed, it may have little bubbles in it. That's okay. I'm usually not too worried about it. What you're going to do is you're going to take your casting mold. Make sure to clean down. Let me have some sparkles in it. I'm not worried about it. And next you're going to take a sticker. And actually, oh, they're different. What you're going to do is you're going to take a very, very, very thin layer and put it in. And I like a spoon just because of the way it comes off. I'm going to do that. I'll use two here. Okay. I have more mold. So I'm going to do some more molds. Okay. Now once we have all of our molds filled, we're going to take a sticker that we like. And we're just going to place it with the sticker front inside of it. So I'm going to choose the skull like this. And you're just going to place it. I like to use the toothpick. Sometimes it helps replace it in just like this. I'm going to make sure there's no bubbles. I always hit it down and push out all the bubbles. And just make sure it's nice and down in there. Okay. There you go. So you're going to do that with every single one that you fill. And off we go. And now this is the part that kind of sticks. Excuse me. What you're going to need to do is this stuff needs to sit for about about two hours and then we're going to add a second layer. So here we go. Wait in two hours. So now that you have this all mixed up, what you're going to do is you're going to take your little mold here. And you're going to pick out the glitter that you want. And let me see. I have a baggie full of glitter here. I'm going to pick out actually. First right here I'm going to put black in. Well what you do first actually is fill up every single one with some more resin. Okay so now that it's filled and also it's up. You're going to pick the glitters that you want. I here have some cool. I have a big shade of glitter. A black. So I'm going to use that. What you're going to do is you're just going to take the glitter and just put it right on top like that. Now you're going to take a toothpick. Just kind of mix the glitter in. Try not to puncture that other layer that you have in there. Just be very careful. So I'll just add as much as you want. I like to add a lot. That way you don't have any clear spots in the pendant I guess. So I'm going to put some other colors. I'm going to do all my comments. I think I'm not smart. Okay so there you go. This is part two and you're going to let this sit for actually 24 hours now. Now I know 24 hours seems like a long time. Try not to let any cat here. Anything get to it and it has to be kind of room temperature. So what you can do is I actually have a drawer on my desk that I put them in. But you can take like a plastic container, put a plastic container over them and let them sit 24 hours and I'll come back in 24 hours and I'll show you the completeness. All right everyone. It's now been 24 hours and what you're going to do is we're actually going to pop out the molds. Okay so when you touch them they're hard to the touch. Okay so let's really know they're ready but they have to be 24 hours. So what you're going to do is you're just going to push just like that and they pop out. Okay so these are all the molds that are made and as you can see you can see like this weird. They get went over so this comes to the next part we're going to do. Okay, let me go that weird stuff on it. That will get off. All right so I'm just going to have to do that. What you're going to need is an FI. It can be in an FI like it doesn't have to be perfect. I'll just have the thread in one. What you're going to do is you're just going to sand the edges down. Now this does make a lot of mess so fortunately they're going to get messy. So here we go to the sand there. So now what we're going to do is you need a drum roll tool. A little rotary drum roll tool. You need a little tiny head like this one and we're going to make a hole. Okay so you can either make it in the top like this or you can do it right here. I like to do the tops like this and I'll show you what I do. And there you go. We have little holes in all of our terms. Okay. So now what you're going to need is you're going to need an ipin. I already have a box of pre-cut ones. I like the pre-cut ones because they're actually going to be the perfect length that I want to need for this. What you're going to need is some glue. I like to use this glue here. Fortunately my cap is glue on so but that's the kind of glue that I like to use. We're just going to take that cap off. And just put a lot of glue on it and just take it right in the hole. Okay. Do that for all of them. Oops. Then I'll push it out on my finger. I'd be blowing them so they can have a good. Okay we have one more. Oops. Just a bit. All right. Okay. Now the last step that I usually do on all of my pendants is you can either add clear nail polish or sculpt the gloss or you can even use a spray. I like to use nail polish because it's cheap. All you got to do is just glue it right on. It helps bring out the sparkles and it gives it a nice shine. Now once you have the charm all nice and glazed with the nail polish you can do the back side if you want to. I usually don't just because it's a waste and lays on it back. You're going to take medium-sized ring and put it through the finding that you put on the charm. I usually use my fingers to close it up. Okay. Just like that. Okay. A necklace of your choice. I here just have this rainbow ball chain. By the way if anyone's looking for rainbow ball chains I do have some to sell. So we'll be up in my Etsy shop soon. And there you go. And now you just have made a resin pendant. Okay. I hope you guys enjoyed my tutorial. If there's anything else you'd like to see me make just let me know. Send me a PM. And just if anybody's wondering. The pendant shown here are for trade. If anybody's willing to trade just send me a PM.