 Hello Food lovers! Today I am going to share with you this quick and easy vegetable rice recipe. Growing up I was a Fussy eater and my mom would sneak in vegetables at every opportunity she got, including the rice. Now this recipe adds another dimension to the plain old steam rice. It's light and fluffy with the goodness of the veggies at the same time. So let's get started! I will start with washing one cup of basmati rice. Now the trick to a nice and fluffy rice is to wash it a few times until the water runs clear. So please do not skip this step. Now I'll go ahead and wash the rice. I washed the rice about three times and now if you see the rice is clean and the water is all clear. Add some more water and let the rice soak for at least 20 minutes to a maximum of one hour. The rice has been soaking for half an hour. Drain the water and set it aside. The rice grains are really fragile at this point so make sure you do not handle it too much. To a non-stick pan add one cup of frozen vegetables. I'm using carrot and peas today. Now if you're using fresh vegetables all you have to do is add one fourth cup of water in the pan and cover it and cook it for three to four minutes or until the vegetables are slightly soft but still has a crunch to it. Now moving on. In goes the soaked rice. Add one and a half cup of water. So the proportion is one cup of soaked rice to one and a half cup of water. Now this gives a perfect fluffy rice every single time. One tablespoon of extra virgin olive oil or any oil of your choice. One fourth teaspoon of salt. One bay leaf. Now this is optional. Give it a gentle stir and bring all of this to a nice rigorous boil. Now the water has come to a boil. Turn down the heat of your stuff to the lowest point and cover it and cook it for 10 minutes. The rice looks beautifully cooked. Now give it a very light stir because the rice is very soft at this point and you do not want to break it. Let it sit for a minute or two to get rid of that extra moisture. Now cover the lid and set aside. This is a full proof recipe and the rice turns out to be perfect every single time. I hope you have enjoyed my recipe. If so, please share it with your friends and family and of course don't forget to subscribe.