 Hi, I'm Marina from Writing Warehouse and this is Gambler and today we're going to go over how to correctly size your horse for a bit. When measuring your horse for a bit, it is important to make sure you get the right size. So there's a lot of commercial products on the market that allow you that are bit sizeers. You can use those or if you don't have that, you can go ahead and use baling twine, a stick, a straw. You can get really creative in whatever you think is safe to put in your horse's mouth to measure for a bit. Today, I'm going to use a piece of wood that is thin enough that Gambler is going to maybe think it's a bit already and have a really easy time just fitting that in his mouth. Whatever measurement tool you're using, you're going to want to mark one side before you stick it in your horse's mouth to indicate one side of the lip and then that way you'll just have to mark one other side as you pull it out. You want to make sure if you are using a stick that it's nice and straight and then it's also free of anything that could harm your horse's mouth. So this one is nice and smooth. So Gambler shouldn't have too much trouble putting it in his mouth. We'll go ahead and ask him to open his mouth up sort of as if he was taking the bit. There you go. And once he stops kind of chewing around with it, we'll go ahead and hold it where it should be. We'll get the other side of his lip measurement and then we'll just kind of slowly drop it out and let him kind of easily slide it out. You'll mark the spot that was on the other side of his mouth and this measurement will be the measurement that corresponds to the bit size that you do get. Keep in mind that if you're in between sizes for a bit, it's typically recommended that you do go up to the next size. As a bit that's a little bit too big is a little bit better than one that's too small. If you have a bit that you know fits your horse's in works well, you can measure that to get your horse's current bit size. You want to go ahead and make sure that the bit is laid out nice and flat and then measure from the inside to the inside. So the inside of the ring to the inside of the ring. This bit measures at about five inches. If you have a bit that has more of a fixed cheek piece, like a shank bit or an egg but you want to do the exact same thing. With this bit, it has an ergonomic shape so it can't be laid out quite flat. So we're going to actually put it up on the bench and then we'll measure straight across. You don't want to contour the tape measure to the bit. So inside to inside and this bit measures just at about five inches as well. Keep in mind you're measuring the inside of the bit because that is the portion that will be in your horse's mouth. Keep in mind of the type of bit you are measuring for. If you're using a loosering, you typically need to go up about a quarter size to ensure that there's no pinching. If you're using a flat cheek or an egg but or any kind of shank, you're going to want to measure pretty exact to what your horse measures. If you do have any questions or need further guidance, please don't hesitate to contact us. You can visit our website at ridingwearhouse.com.