 Hi everyone, it's Lisa with budgetacoustrian.com and today I'm going to show you how you can make your own grooming halter. You may be wondering what's the difference between a grooming halter and a regular halter and the only difference is the grooming halter does not have the throat latch. It has the piece that goes over the ears and then the piece that goes around their nose. But it's just nice for grooming. I was looking up grooming halters online because I've always wanted one. So I thought it would be nice to have one and I started doing some searches for grooming halters and the cheapest one I could find was $40. And to me for a piece that's going to go around their nose and their head that just seemed like a lot of money. So I was thinking maybe I could make my own grooming halter. So that's what I did and now I'm going to show you how to do it. So what you'll do is you need to get a cheap halter. The cheaper ones are actually better because the nylon is, it's only like single high. So it's easier to cut through. This halter I got on a state line tack, it was $4.63. So that's a pretty good deal. So $4.63 for a halter that I can make a grooming halter versus $40 for the cheap is grooming halter. I'll take the $4.63 one. So first thing you want to do is you want to have the halter just like it's going to be on the horse. And we don't need the tag. So we'll cut off the tag. Don't need that. So when you're doing this you don't want to cut anything like the one that's going to go over their ears or the one that's going to go around their nose. So you're only going to cut the throat latch part out and then this part that attaches to that ring. So again make sure you're cutting off the one that would go around their throat latch. And these scissors aren't the greatest but hey that's pretty good. And again I want to make sure I'm cutting off the appropriate piece. So that one's done. So there's only one piece left to cut and that's the one that would be on the back of their, you know, like under their chin. And it's like this one's hard to cut and then the flies are being pricked of noxious. I think I need better scissors. But that's it. So I cut off the throat latch and the part that goes behind their chin. And what I'm left with is basically a grooming halter. And that's exactly what I wanted to have. What I like about this one is it has the ring in the back. So I can attach the lead rope to there and then I can still, you know, I can get everywhere that I need to when I'm brushing their face. So that is how you make a grooming halter. Again, I got the halter. It's just a regular single play halter. I got it at state line tack. It was about $5 a little bit less. And now I have my own grooming halter. So I hope you enjoyed that. Hopefully you can go make your own grooming halter. Thank you so much for watching. See ya.