 Today on The Stay at Home Chef, I'm showing you how to make the most amazing coconut cake. This cake is full of the most amazing coconut flavor. I promise you this will be one of the best coconut cakes you've ever had to start. You'll need half a cup of softened salted butter. Plop it into a mixing bowl along with half a cup of vegetable oil and and one and a half cups of granulated sugar. We're going to cream this together for two minutes. Once it's nice and smooth and creamy, we're going to add in six egg whites. We're going to beat these in and make them nice and fluffy. I like to give it a good 90 seconds to two minutes of whipping to make sure you whip a lot of air into those egg whites, which will make our cake nice and fluffy. Next, we'll add in our remaining wet ingredients. You'll need a quarter cup of sour cream, two teaspoons of coconut extract, and then one and a half cups of coconut milk. I'm using the kind of coconut milk that comes from a can, but you can also use the refrigerated kind that comes in a carton. Then we'll just mix this in. Once it's mixed in, you'll add in four teaspoons of baking powder, half a teaspoon of salt, and three and a half cups of cake flour. You'll want to mix this until it's just combined. You don't want to over mix this or your cake might collapse when baking. Next, preheat your oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit and lightly grease two or three nine-inch cake pans and line the bottom with a little bit of parchment paper. Divide the batter up amongst the pans and you can have either three thin cakes or two thicker ones. Since I always love the look of a three-layer cake, I'm doing three layers today. Next, we're going to bake these for about 25 to 30 minutes until the cakes are cooked through. While the cakes are baking, we can put together a coconut cream cheese frosting. You'll need 16 ounces of softened cream cheese. Pull off that into a large mixing bowl along with one cup of softened salted butter and one teaspoon of coconut extract and beat this together. Give that a good two minutes of beating to incorporate a lot of air into it, make it light and fluffy. Then we're going to add in three cups of powdered sugar. I like to add it in about a cup at a time so that it easily mixes in without flying everywhere. Once your powdered sugar is all incorporated, your frosting is done. I like to transfer it all to disposable piping bags to make it easy to frost the cake. Once the cakes are completely cool, we are ready to assemble. You want to frost in between all of the layers. Then I use an offset spatula to smooth it out. Just smooth that out. Then we'll put on another layer and put more frosting on that one too. Once you have all three layers assembled, you'll want to frost the outside as well. It doesn't even have to be pretty because then you're going to press coconut flakes onto the sides and top. That's it. You're ready to slice and serve. Thanks for watching. You can find the full written recipe in the video description. Be sure to subscribe, like, and follow, and check out the rest of my videos where you can find hundreds of restaurant quality recipes you can easily make at home. See you later.