 Kari kari pahaf, kari pahaf, orkali, gok, It all means the most lovable snacks that you can find in every turns and corners of Malaysia. Would you like to give it a try? Here is the best recipe for you. I'm referring to the greatest kari pahaf reckon by the locals. It is called the Spy Road Kari Pahafs. The ultimate result is the pockets of fat and placed in between the folder layers of the pastry will melt. The ad tread within expands creating multiple layers, resemble of the puff pastry. And the reward is irresistible. Let's break down the making of kari pahaf into three parts. Preparing the dough, cooking the fillings, and deep fry the kari pahafs. Step one, cooking the fillings. Prepare the fillings straight forward, compared to making the dough. Below is the detailed explanation, how do we prepare the fillings in our restaurant? Saltate the lemon grass, ginger, and chili, with some vegetable oil in the wok until fragrant. Add the onions in the wok until translucent. Remove and set aside. Place the chicken meat in the wok. Stir fry with some oil until it is cooked. Add back the onion, lemon grass, chili, and ginger into the wok. Add the potato cubes, kari pahafs, chili powder, light soy sauce, sugar, ground white pepper, salt, and some water. Cook over low to medium heat until the potato cubes are soft. Add water if it is too dry. Stir occasionally to prevent the ingredients from sticking to the wok. Add the green peas when the potato cubes are soft. And lastly, simmer over low heat until the gravy is almost dry. Step 2, making the dough. There are two parts, water dough, and the oil dough. Now take a look of how to make the water dough. Place the flour, sugar, cold butter, salt, and water into the food processor. Once the dough is formed, use a flexible rubber spatula to remove it from the food processor. Making the oil dough. Add the flour and shortening, or you can use butter into the food processor. Combine both ingredients until it becomes homogenous. It is very soft and it is okay if it looks like a paste. Create the layers is fun but tricky, and it can put away many people from making the paste. My method may not be the best but surely it is clean and tidy. Here are the steps. Place a large piece of cling film or plastic sheet on the table. Put the water dough at the center. Place the second piece of plastic sheet to cover the oil dough. The film should be large enough to take into consideration the final size of the water dough after it is rolled out. Roll out the dough slowly with a rolling pin, with short strokes to form a long rectangle. You can also use your palm to shape the dough to maintain it roughly like a rectangle. Remove tough film. Place the oil dough at the center of the water dough. Hold both corners of the short side of the cling film or plastic film. Fold inward, do the same for the other half of the dough, and fold inward once more. Now all the four squares of the dough are stuck up. This is the first book forming folding. Repeat twice, so all in there are three book forming foldings altogether. After the third book forming folding, roll out the dough as before. This time, roll it up like making a Swiss roll. Wrap with cling wrap or plastic sheet. Keep the Swiss roll refrigerated until it is firm to handle. Now put in the fillings. Place it on a working surface. Cut the Swiss roll into individual pieces lengthwise. Place one portion flat on the table. Place a small plastic sheet on top. Roll out the pastry to a slightly bigger than the mold. Try to roll it into a round shape. Place it on the pastry mold. Put the filling at the center of the pastry. Close the mold. Press firmly. Remove any extra dough sticking at the side of the mold. Open the mold and remove the curry puff. Step 3. Defry the curry puffs. Defry in vegetable oil at 180°C. You can either use an electric deffryer or a round wire frying basket. It takes about 5 minutes to turn golden brown for the curry puffs that I make. Increase the duration of frying for 1 or 2 minutes. If you defry the frozen curry puffs. Drain on the kitchen towel and serve. After showing you how to prepare the Malaysian style curry puffs. You can download the recipe and read more details of my blog. TastesAsianfood.com Curry puffs. And please subscribe to our YouTube channel by clicking the button below. You'll find there are many more similar Asian dishes out there. And thanks for joining me today. I'll see you in the next video. My name is KP Kwan. Bye for now.