 Hi, Kat's cradle here. I want to share a very simple recipe with you today. This is some multi grain bread, a little baguette that I found when I went to my grocery store the other day. It was originally marked $1.49 and they had marked it down to 75 cents. So I have had this little baguette before and it's very good. I usually make my own bread but occasionally if there's a good buy at the grocery store I'll pick it up. If you look very closely you can see some little yellow flecks that's millet and there's some whole wheat and also some whole flax seed in there. It's a delicious little baguette and certainly worth 75 cents. You can see here I've begun slicing it in little quarter inch rounds. It's important to slice it very thin for this application. We're going to make some delicious Parmesan multi grain bread crackers. So I slice it very thinly. You'll see the loaf here how pretty it is and all the little seeds and flecks and it's just really good. And you need it to be a day old or two days old in order to be able to slice it this thin. If you get it very fresh it's difficult to do. You can see here as I hold it up to the light how thinly it is sliced and this bread has some natural spaces and it's some holes in it which make it perfect for this application. So I'm going to cut the rest of it up and then come back and show you where we go from there. Okay here I've got it all cut up that's all of it except for the two little in pieces which I ate and you can see that there's a lot of little slices in there. It's going to make a lot of crackers but just don't forget you don't want to do this fresh and you certainly could use just a plain baguette as opposed to a whole wheat one but you just want to be sure it's at least one day old uh two's even better. Now I'm going to show you what we do from here. Here's the spread I'm going to put on it. I started with about three quarters of a stick of butter that was softened and uh I just kind of mixed it up with a knife in this bowl. You can see how we're going to spread it very thinly on the little baguette slices then what we're going to do is we're going to dip the face of it in the parmesan cheese. The butter spread works as a glue and then I put it on a rack on a baking sheet. Okay so to the butter I add a little Italian seasoning, some crushed red pepper. This is red pepper that I grew in my garden. I just put it in the commercial shaker because it's easy. I like it best because it has no seeds in it. A little garlic powder. I mix all of the dry ingredients in and then I add a splash of lemon juice and a little bit of extra virgin olive oil just to add a little depth of flavor there and I mix it together until it's smooth and creamy. This is perfect for spreading on garlic bread. So if there's ever any left uh from making the crackers you can just store it in the refrigerator and and use it to make garlic bread. So I'm passing the camera here to prepare a so that I can uh be able to hold the knife in the bread. You don't want to use a lot of the spread on it because you see the holes it would just run right through so you just want to lightly I will call it just lightly glazing that bread. Just a little bit of butter you want to be sure it gets all over it. It does take a little bit of time to do this but it's so worth it because it makes the most special little cracker. So the glazing is done. Now the next thing I need to do is just like you saw me do the other one is put it face down in the parmesan cheese and uh then put it onto the baking sheet. So here you go and the parmesan cheese really wants to get on it kind of thickly so you need to kind of hit it a little bit to knock some off and then onto the sheet and you can pack them just as tightly as you want to uh onto that sheet. I usually try to fill them up as much as I can and even there's sometimes kind of laying over the edge. I didn't have quite enough parmesan cheese so I sent prep array to the store room to get some more. This is some I have vacuum sealed in a food saver bag and when I get ready to put it onto the plate uh you'll see that it kind of clumps together but that's not because the cheese is bad but because the vacuum sealing has pushed all those little granules together so all you need to do when you're ready to use it is just grab a big chunk of it out and then just kind of break it apart. If it crumbles back to like it was originally very easily just break up the little clumps and then you're good to go again. Here's how the crackers look when they come out of an oven they bake very slowly at 250 degrees. You don't the point is not to get them brown you're not really baking the bread or baking the topping on you're really just trying to get the cracker to dry out and you want the cheese to hold on to the bread. So when they're just very slightly browned and when you take them out and they're very crisp and crunchy when cooled you know they're done. I'm going to put them on a plate for you. This is how I would serve them on the table just put a mound of the crackers like that when I was serving salad. These are delicious I can even imagine them floating on top of a French onion soup. They are very tasty and the best part is they are so amazingly thin and light and crunchy. They look really nice on a plate and I'm going to have a proper a try them here. What did you think of them? They were delicious they were crispy and very flavorful. I love the Parmesan cheese and and the baguette was delicious so all at all. Awesome. They have an amazing crunch don't they? Yes they do. All right we hope you give this a try they're really delicious crackers. Thanks so much for watching. Caz Cradle in. Preparate.