 Hey, how does he pick up a prescription? All right, thank you! Yes, good. About a week or so ago, I think I posted a video about a car wash tutorial and it was a pretty good video basically explaining the easiest way to wash your car if you don't have access to water and all that. So, a guy commented on that video was basically asking my way of cleaning wheels and told me that I should do a tutorial on that and so that's what I'm going to do today. What I'm about to get is kind of a secret. They don't really tell you about it, they don't even put it on the shelves, it's actually behind the counter. A lot of you guys will probably already know this but for those that don't, this is going to be really helpful for you. Do you all have any cover roll? Okay, I just need one can of cover roll. This stuff right here is called cover roll. It's a 14 ounce aerosol can so it'll last you a good while and it was only like eight bucks. You can pretty much use any wheel cleaner but my favorite is McGuire's. They have the hot rims wheel and tire cleaner. It works pretty well. Unfortunately you can't use this dry, you're actually supposed to spray it on the wheel and then rinse it thoroughly with water so that's one downside to it. So then get you a really old microfiber that you don't need. Don't use them in your paint any time after using this on your wheels. One thing I want to mention again if you haven't seen the car wash video that I made, go check it out but never ever use this brush. For instance on these race doors that I have here, they have a gloss finish to them and just like paint, if you rub a brush on it, it's going to scratch it up. Your wheels are going to look scratched over time so it's a lot better to use a self-microfiber that's not going to scratch the wheels up rather than using these really abrasive brushes. Now one key thing that I want to mention is if you read on the back of the label here on this McGuire's wheel cleaner, it says wait a maximum of 30 seconds. Do not let this sit on your wheels. It will agitate and tear up your finish of the wheels so make sure you get it off and don't let it dry on there. So keeping all that in mind, you can go ahead and start your car wash. What I like to do though is to just go to high pressure rinse. So you can get ready to spray off the wheels whenever you spray the cleaner on there because like I said, you can't have them sitting on there for more than 30 seconds. Spray it on the wheels, spray it everywhere that you can. It helps a lot with breaking up all that brake dust and everything. Just let it sit there for just a few seconds and once you let it sit for a second rinse it off. So that's one wheel done. Now you look, even after just one pass, the wheels look so much cleaner. So we can go ahead and move on to the front one. Now this one's a little bit dirtier so you can go ahead and kick this on there. And again, this is a wheel and tire cleaner so you can spray it on basically everything that you need to. So you're going to let that soak for a few seconds now and again just rinse it off and you'll notice all of the dirt starting to fall off. Now I'm going to continue this process on the next few wheels and then I'll show you what to do after that. Okay, so now while your wheels are still wet, take your microfiber and just go in there and get all the brake dust off that you can and just loosen up all that brake dust. So that way whenever you come back and spray it off again, it should all fall off. While your wheels are still wet, go ahead and take your microfiber and rub all of that brake dust off while they're still wet and use that water to actually brake loose. Most of that brake dust. So now once you've went ahead and wiped off all your wheels while they're wet, get another microfiber. This time ones that's dry and just finish up wiping off the water off the wheels that way it doesn't leave any water spots again just like the paint. So now as whenever this stuff comes in handy. So sit for a moment, wait until you see most of the water has dried off of the tires because this will not work as well if the tires are still wet. Now a huge secret that I want to mention about this product and whatever you're using it is you notice that you don't have to wipe it, it doesn't drip, it doesn't run, there's no mess or anything. So you don't have to worry about it unlike most products seeping on your wheels and actually sitting on your wheels and what happens once it's on your wheels is it attracts dirt and that's where the brake dust and the dirt and everything sticks to your wheels. So a big thing about using this and any other type of tire shine is actually making sure that you do not get any of it including reds do or anything like that on your wheels itself and try to maintain it just on the tire. So now this stuff here uses very little but goes a really long way. So if you see right now let me take this off show you. I spray it very light coats but if you notice on the tire right there the tires look brand new and almost as glossy as having a clear coat on them and this stuff actually dries like that and does not just come off and does it wash off very easily and it will stay like this for a really long time and again it's not going to run, it's not going to sling on your paint whenever you're driving down the road after leaving the car wash which is another huge deal because you don't want oily marks all over your paint. So let's go ahead and continue up. Using that cleaner for your wheels and using this on just your tires you notice that the wheels are completely clean. The tires are completely clean and you don't have to worry about dirt being stuck on your wheels after this. You don't have to worry about tire shine being slung all over your paint. Really great combination of items. Okay so I just finished up doing all the tires. I'm going to let it sit for just a second to dry on the actual tire and then I'm going to move out in the sunlight and show you guys the real quality of this stuff. So now if you notice these tires are super glossy. The wheels are super clean. Now right now a lot of you guys are probably freaking out because you notice that I left water on the paint but the only reason that I'm not going to today is because not tomorrow but the next day I'm actually taking this car and dropping it off at a place in Shreve Fort Louisiana which is called Creative Detail Solutions. They have five star ratings and they have lots of people that have reviewed it so it's not like a five star with one rating and so basically what they're going to do is they're going to take the car and they're going to go ahead and do a full paint correction all around the car. Then after that they're going to go ahead and completely ceramic coat the entire car which is really great and I'm really excited about that. Mainly just because black paint is super hard to keep clean. I mentioned that in the last video as well but obviously black paint looks amazing whatever it stays clean so I was looking into doing wraps possibly because I figured that would be a lot easier to keep clean so I didn't have to come to the car wash constantly and constantly be detailing my car. Luckily I talked to the guys over there and they're going to help me out with ceramic coating this car which is basically if you don't know much about it go talk to them. I'm going to drop their information in the description of this video. Ceramic coating is actually hydrophobic which means that it doesn't allow water to dry on its surface. The water basically literally will just roll off and it acts as almost a shell over your paint. It protects it from scratches and a lot of other stuff so I'm excited to see the outcome of it. It's going to look great because there's a lot of scratches on this car already. Minor surface scratches, road debris, stuff like that but it's all going to be fixed in ceramic coating which means that it's not going to be an issue anymore and I'm excited to not really have to dry this car as much as I usually do since the water is just going to start rolling off of it after a car wash and then also protecting it from a lot more of future scratches and stuff like that so it's going to be pretty cool. I'm super excited about it. It's not much of a mod to the car but it's more of an investment to keep the paint clean and not scratch up and stuff. So yeah, normally I'm a really big stuff for about drying your car after washing it and not letting any water dry on it. I hope you liked the video today guys. If you want to see more stuff like this, drop me ideas in the comments section below. I actually got this idea from a subscriber that dropped a comment in the last video. I've seen that a lot of you guys are interested in my techniques for doing a lot of stuff and I would love to share them with you. Just give me some ideas of what you would like to see and I'll make sure I try and bring it to you. But anyways, that's probably going to be all for today's video guys. Make sure you hit that like button. If you're not already subscribed, hit that subscribe button. Turn on notifications so you can be notified of any uploads or any activity that I do. I got a lot of good feedback on the 100K video so I'm glad that you guys enjoyed it. It was an honor to be able to say that I got to 100K and it was even more fun to actually film that video with the Hellcat so that was awesome. If you noticed in this video, I had the drag wheels on here so after I get some actual drag radios, I'm going to be doing a lot more racing soon so make sure you stay tuned for that. But as always guys, thank you so much for watching. Until next video.