 This is Shirley with the ribbon retreat and in this video I'm going to show you how to seal your ribbon ends. Now to seal your ribbon ends you can do that using a lighter or you can do that using a wood burning tool. The types of ribbon that you can use this method with are grow-growing ribbon, satin ribbon, and you have to be very very careful with shear ribbon. Any other types of ribbon you definitely want to double check first before you use these methods. The first method I'm going to show you is how to seal your ends with a lighter. The lighter I use is just when I get from the regular store, you get it from a grocery store, and I also put it on the lowest setting on the lighter. Now you get your end of your ribbon and then you're going to kind of quickly go over the ribbon like this. Sometimes I'll go back and forth a couple times or you can go slowly once but I find that going back and forth slowly, going back and forth quickly works better for me. Then go ahead and seal the end of your ribbon, make sure that it's all sealed and you're done. The first thing of wood burning tool is a little bit more dangerous. That's why I prefer using the lighter, but I'm still going to show you how to use this method because having a wood burning tool is great if you're wanting to make shapes out of your ribbon. I'm being very careful. So that will just show you a little bit of how you can seal your ribbon using these two methods. Of course, go ahead and check that. You see a little bit more that you need to do and then go ahead and do a little bit more. And using the wood burning tool, like I said, you can create shapes, you can carve stuff out of the ribbon and you do that on a cookie sheet, it works out great. So it's definitely handy to have around. The lighter is a little bit more user friendly. Wood burning tool is definitely great with detail and that is how you seal your ribbon. A V cut is a very popular way to cut your ribbon ends and so I'm going to show you how to seal those. You're going to want to go from the inside out. All done.