 This video will be part three of landscaping with plastic edging and in this episode I want to show how to repair plastic edging. Now this piece of edging got snapped off when I was plowing snow this winter evidently ran the blade up against it and sheared off the top part of the edging so I'm going to show you how to repair this section up next here in Buds Hot Jobs. Rather than take out that old section of plastic edging what I'm going to basically do is take this piece that broke off and I used it to basically measure a new piece that I'm going to replace in there and as you will see that new piece is a little bit longer and the reason for that is that you want overlap of the bottom section so what I'm going to do is cut this mark this section on both sides using the marker so I know exactly where to cut and then we're going to basically cut off this top portion and I'll show you why in just a second. Okay so I cut this first side as you can see I cut off the top bead and now we're going to go ahead and cut this side and for this I use tin snips and I realized in the former video I talked about using tin snips to cut this stuff and I never really demonstrated that in the in the first video when I spliced two sections together but essentially it makes it real easy with a pair of tin snips. Now you want to hold on to these you want to keep this section because you never have enough of those connector pins so you can actually rip this down the edge that you cut off on both sides and you actually can use this piece here as a connector pin so that you'll insert what you want to do is curl this around so that it'll fold inside and then you can insert this in here and use it as a connector pin more on that just a minute. Okay so I have my pre prepared section as you can see this will span the former gap and I just want to show you why I cut this the way I did. I have a extra piece here that I brought and I also by the way I used a utility knife and cut off this little piece here and these will slide together now nicely. This bottom will lock on the former bottom and they will slide together and then of course this will be where the connector pin will hold these two together but as you can see I got a nice solid weed barrier on both sides they will nicely protect the encroachment of weeds into the bed. Okay with that let's go ahead and show you how it goes into the ground. Okay what I'm going to do is just dig on the outside edge of the existing edging and once I have ample room I'll just reinsert the new piece right alongside the former piece and connect it in. Yeah got my ditch dug and we're just going to clean the end of this one side so I have a flush area to connect to. Okay with that out of the way let's take our piece that we prepared. Now it looks like we got to dig just a little more down and get some clearance. Okay one trick you can take this split connector and use your pliers. That's the weed that's in. Make it a tighter circle and then it would easily go in there as we did. Let's go through the other side. All right there's my connector. Again I'll use my pliers to kind of squeeze that together like so. Try that again. There we go and I'll need to squeeze this side as well. So there you go it's reconnected. Looks good and continuous we'll go ahead and backfill and we'll see how it looks when we're done here. Okay we got our all backfilled in and it looks like new. So there's a real quick video on how to repair your plastic edging. Thanks for watching.