 We're on Happy Plant of Tuesday. This is Megan, the owner of this in succulent. I'm so thrilled to talk to you about the plant in front of me, the Norfolk Island Pine. This plant is a very seasonal plant, but let's learn how to take care of it before and after your holiday. The oak-allane pine is really recognized because of its spurs like appearance with its evergreen leaves and vistles. It is something because of this look and looking like a Christmas tree that's very popular during the holiday season. But it is a great house plant year-round. So this plant has pine in its title. It's not a part of the pine family at all, so it is not cold hearty. We can't leave this plant outdoors. It's strictly an indoor plants for all of our colder climates. Think of it more as tropical. We like to keep humid. Like it's to keep this plant or any of your tropical plants humid during the winter. You can actually have a humidifier in the room or just simply put in a pebble tray with water. That will help increase humidity for your plants. Part of care for your Norfolk Pine is to make sure that the plant is getting enough light. These love several hours of direct bright light, such as the type of light that can be found on a south-facing window. But they also can tolerate full indirect bright light as well. To watering this plant, make sure that the water, water weekly and allowing the soils to dry out in between. If the top 50% of the soil is actually dry to the touch, maybe it's time to water that plant. We don't want to dry out their thistles. Problem areas for this plant is really making sure that you're watering it enough. If your plant has some browning at the bottom branches, that's completely normal. But if it's higher on the stem or throughout the plant, that might mean that it's been overwatered, underwatered or not getting enough humidity. Thanks for joining us for this Plantif Tuesday here at the Zinn Succane on the Norfolk Pine. We are open here in Durham, North Carolina, Wednesdays through Sundays and every day online at thezinnsuccane.com. See you next week!