 Hi guys! Today on Deewa's Cook we are making oven fried chicken. This is hands down one of my favorite ways to make chicken. No grease involved, none of that splattering oil. It bakes up so crispy on the outside and the inside is juicy and tender and of course it's easy. So let's go. All right I'm starting with a bowl of organic drumsticks. I like the drumsticks. I'm gonna go ahead and see them this chicken generously with a whole lot of old bay. Mmm that spicy old bay. Yes but you can use any kind of seasoning saw or cajun seasoning but they're old bay y'all they're old bay so good. Go ahead and get your hands in there to get everything all mixed up and stuff and get it well seasoned. Now I'm gonna add in a little bit of liquid smoke honey. Yes give it that nice grill smoky flavor. Oh my god it's so good. Go ahead and just douse it with that liquid smoke set it aside. Boom. Now here's our little stations here okay we have three stations we have our flour and cornstarch mixture. We have our egg I just scrummed it up a little bit and then we have our crushed bread crumbs honey. I love using crushed bread crumbs. I mean not bread crumbs but croutons. I'm using this kind right here the whole we can. I have my pan already greased up. Get yourself a grill pan okay don't just grill pan. All right so now it's time to go ahead and put this chicken together. All right there all season up we're gonna start by dipping it in the flour. Give it a nice little coat of flour roll it around shake off the excess and then go ahead and lay it in that egg bath like that. Go ahead and roll it around. I didn't like this part it's gonna nasty. I don't like how it felt. Go ahead and let the excess egg drip off and then put it into your little croutons here and then just go ahead and sprinkle it on. Be sure to use one hand for dry ingredients and then the other hand for wet ingredients or else you're gonna have like your hands coat it in this mixture like I always do always forget I don't know way and I use. Okay so then go ahead and lay in the pan just like that. Now I have my oven at 425. I'm gonna bake this chicken for a brown. 30 to 35 minutes depending on how thick they are okay so check it at that 30 minute mark. All right and then when they come out of the oven like there will be all golden and crunchy and crisp. Now because I just want to get my total life here I have to brush this with a little bit of butter. Something about that crunch the butter gives it I don't know. I don't know. Yeah but go ahead and do this option okay it's optional you guys brush with a little butter. They're not sprinkled with some parsley because parsley makes everything look so pretty isn't that pretty. All right so here's the underside look crispy honey it was no juice in that pan honey. Crispy crispy for days go ahead and place it on the plates that come all up serve with some peas or some rice and gravy make it a little meal okay. Here is why I get happy my favorite part I gotta taste it all right. I'm gonna take a big old juicy bite and bam look at that. Can you just see how juicy that is? Look at it's just smoking. This chicken did not stand a chance it was so good but let me go ahead and just dissect this where you guys I need you guys to see okay totally grasp the juiciness that I'm talking about look what oh my gosh are you serious here. Juicy chicken you guys juicy chicken and don't forget you can find this recipe on my blog at dwascan.com oh my god took what is she taking? dvascancook.com thank you guys so much for watching later.