 Okay, I'm with Bruce. This is Bruce from Total Floor Covering, right? Correct. He's the owner actually, but he's going to talk about this asbestos tile that he's found in the closet right at home inspection and he's planning on recovering all the floors and doing a lot of work and he just wants to give us a little tip on what to be careful if you find some asbestos tile. Which is true. This is asbestos tile and the 8 by 8 tile indicates that it's old, prior to 1972 when the laws changed about asbestos tile going to final composition tile. If you have larger 12 by 12s, that also could be asbestos, but this is a sure sign that we're into asbestos. This floor cannot be removed without an abatement company coming in which seals off your entire home, they spray this down, they scrape it out, spray everything down that they scraped out, put it in small bags and spray that down and they may have in a home this size of a thousand square feet. They might have 30 bags of asbestos tile and that has to be disposed of at their facilities. So the better option is to... Well, it's always nice to take it out, but it's not harmful the way it is. Only really only small particles of dust are harmful to humans, but I would, because of the tremendous expense and what most people would probably do is cover it up, or just covering it up isn't enough. In this case, we would take out this carpet, which is all going to be replaced. And lay down a felt paper across the floor and then put our pad over the top of that. Then we're assured that there's nothing coming through harmful chemicals of any sort or dust. That would prevent a lot of problems in the long run. Okay, so if you have, if you see tile like this or you think there might be asbestos in our home, you should call Bruce Wattotl, Clark covering, because you want to do it right in and not put your family in danger. Well, we would much rather come out and do this. It's no charge. Come out and look at it for you and give you hints on what to do with that flooring. But it is a dangerous floor. You do have to be careful with it. Okay, awesome. Thank you. Thanks, Bruce. You're welcome.