 Alright, so we've got a carpet adhesive tape used to hold down a rug. We had an area rug in the living room and we have all this adhesive tape to remove. It is very challenging to remove. Try to remove some just using nothing at all and just pulling on it. It's taken about a half hour to maybe remove about 8 to 10 inches. Try some soap and water mixing that together. Very slow process utilizing that. Now, try using the iron and took the iron on a very low setting. Got it as low as it will go. Set to nylon and took a piece of paper. If you just got some packing paper, lay that down over the top of the adhesive and simply apply the iron over the top of your adhesive. Let it get nice and warm. Let's warm it up. No need to hold it in one spot. Get it too hot. I want to make sure we protect the carpet. It's feeling with the hand to make sure that it is an okay temperature. Nothing too hot. Nothing too cool. As far as running the iron over, it doesn't take long. Maybe 30 seconds or so. Set that off to the side. Now that will feel like it's kind of sticky on there. But as you can see, once you get this going, this is how it was the whole time. It's just one little tiny chunk at a time. As you can get this going, as it's heated up, it will pull off on any strip. Okay, so I did not get that quite hot enough. I have to feel a little bit better. I'm learning along with everybody. I've tried calling some different manufacturers to see what they recommended. No definite answers. Just one kind of gentleman from a particular manufacturer said it's not in their company policy to remove adhesive with this method. But he recommended utilizing a paper bag or some type of paper with a heat source, such as an iron. If they're good, why not give it a try? Now I think I did a better job of heating that up. Let's try it again. Here we go. Feels right off up to the point where I didn't have the iron. Now I'm going to go through and heat up the entire place. It doesn't feel like a sticky residue left over on that carpet either. It should be a vacuuming. It would be good to go. I hope that helps. Good luck.