 I'm Stephen Bettson with EgoWinChimes.com, but I have here is a deluxe Himalayan echo windchimes from Grace Note Windchimes. It's all American-made American source, and even the steel is American source. The only thing here that didn't come from America is that ring at the top and we're trying to fix that. So what we're looking at here, those windchimes that's been hanging for over six years, been exposed to all of the elements in such a large windchime that we never take it down. I want to show you how the quality of these windchimes and how well they're made. It's been exposed to all the elements, and what we're going to do today is we're going to cut back this oak tree that's overgrown it. It's been overgrown now for three to four years. The oak tree now is roughly 16 foot tall, so it's been here a while and it's surviving pretty well, and we want to show you how that happens. So what we're going to do is we're going to start cutting this out and we'll show you how nice it sounds when we're done. Alright, we have about half of the work done, and what we're doing now is that we're going to have a small trimmer, because you can see that the fine has gone up to cord. So the cords are extremely durable to weather, they don't stand up well to scissors, so we're going to be very careful when we cut this out so that we reserve the string. These strings are made to last a very long time. They actually even hit, stand up to salt tear. My mother lives down in Houston, and we bought many windchimes for it, and the only ones have survived have been the ones that have come from us, because all the other strings they'll rot out after two years, and these strings don't rot. And if they do, if something, anything happens to them, you can return them to us and we'll make sure that you get a replacement or that we fix it for you. This is Stephen Bettson at EcoWinChimes.com. It's a Deluxe Himalayan Echo Windchime from Grace Notes, purchase at EcoWinChimes.com. All American-made American source of this windchime has been exposed to the elements in Dallas, Texas for over six years now. Never been taken down, it's been overgrown with vines and trees. We just cut it out a deep heavy brush that has been in for four years, actually about three years. All the wind, everything didn't damage this wonderful sound of this windchime. The only thing that you see is small scuff marks from where the tubes actually hit themselves and the heaviest of weather. And you can avoid some of that by just taking your windchimes in during heavy, heavy rains. Little bit of it's going to happen anyway if you leave it out during moderate winds, but you'll be happy with the windchime for years to come. All American-made American-sourced Himalayan Echo Deluxe Himalayan Echo from Grace Notes. I'm David Bettson, you gowinchimes.com. Have a wonderful day.