 Alright, so we are going to do a tutorial about cleaning and newborn kittens if they have fleas. And this one is about two weeks old. So what you're going to need is a towel, a flea comb, looks like that, and a pair of tweezers. So you begin by placing the kitten on the towel so it feels comfortable and warm. Then you turn on the water, make sure it's not too hot or not too cold, and just pat the kitty with water. And make sure that the kitten is not submerged in water. But then you're going to need done. Done is the only thing you can really use for kittens to kill their fleas. Simple and easy. Oh I got it, it's a little one of these so. Alright, so you just pour a little bit on the kitten, a little bit like that, and you hope the kitten then you just add some water. And make the kitten feel comfortable. And you just kind of lather in the down dish so. And here. Keep adding a little bit of water. And keep spreading the down so. And just turn them around. Alright. I cannot find any fleas right now, but I know there might be a lot of water. Alright, so let it stay. And kind of keep it on the towel. And then keep holding them up. And then you raise them up. Raise them up. You do not want to completely submerge them in water. They are very fragile. They're just pretty much sprinkled water on them. Make sure it's not too hot. Alright, so then you look for fleas. Just like that, hold them. And I see a flea right by the neck. You like it? See that? So what you're going to do is you're going to hold them now. Just kind of pluck it. And there it is. Alright, just put it in the water. And it's done. Another method is to use the flea home and you just brush the kitten. And these are just a couple dollars. Now I need to take them to know special that cares. They don't even make free treatments for kittens this year. So this is about the only gentle thing you can have for your kittens. Alright, bye. We're going to wash them up. Make sure there's no more soap. Oh yeah, that's it baby. That's it. And turn off the water. And wrap them up. Wrap them up. And they love this. They're pretty much going to fall asleep. Oh yeah. Happy kitty. Alright. And there is the brother. It's all washed up and sleeping. So what I did is washed all the kittens we have five. And I washed mom and I washed all their bedding. And make sure they have no fleas because they're not comfortable. Alright, good luck you guys. If you have any questions, just ask. Happy kitty washing.