 Getting rid of centipedes in your home Centipedes are not one pest that is going to be harmful or cause damage, but that does not mean that you aren't them living in your home, they often find their ways to get inside and it can be rather unnerving to find them. They like to hide in cool, damp areas, like the basement and the bathroom. The good thing, though, is that they are rather easy to control. The worst thing about a centipede is its looks, they can be rather large, up to 6 inches in length. They are actually very good at ridding your home of other bugs. They will eat spiders, cock roaches and other common bugs. They can bite, which feels like a sting, but they will rarely bite a human. Centipedes often get in through cracks and other small openings, they prefer dark and damp areas and are often found in bathrooms. You can usually control them by removing ones you see and keeping areas free of dampness. To control the centipedes in your home you will need to do a couple things outside, remove piles of leaves and wood from around your home. To put diatomaceous earth around your home, this is not harmful to humans and is also safe to use around pets. By removing habitats like piles of leaves and wood and adding and diatomaceous earth you will repel the centipedes and help keep them away from your home, keeping them away from the outside of your home will help ensure they will not come inside. A main way to rid your home of centipedes is using a dehumidifier to help reduce the dampness in your home, this can be a difficult task, but is worth trying. If you cannot seem to get rid of them then you can call a professional. A professional will be able to wipe out the problem and give you suggestions to prevent a future problem. Centipedes will rarely hurt a human and they are not as big of an annoyance as other pests, it may not be pleasant living with them, though, if you want them out of your home then try the above mentioned advice. We also like to recommend you check out House Centipede Control, get rid of House Centipedes and less than one week by Jill Huskins or Centipede Control Expert, want more details? Click the link below this video, where you see the published or description box today.