 Hello, I'm Moon Chou and welcome to Yine Yang Living where we provide Asian living tips for your healthier life. Today we're going to make traditional Chinese egg drop soup with a unique twist. This is a great soup for a cold day. The most important thing in our egg drop soup is our broth and I know you might not have much time and you need an easy way out so here I have two cartons of chicken stock. I'm going to give our broth some nice flavor with two carrots and one onion which will give a nice natural sweetness to the broth. So all I'm going to do with our carrots is cut it up into large chunks like this and then our onion will just quarter it. We're going to remove these vegetables from our broth a little bit later so we cut them into large pieces. I want to add even more depth of flavor to our egg drop soup. So here I have two tablespoons of soy sauce, one teaspoon of fish sauce and one teaspoon of pepper. Because this is an egg drop soup we need some eggs right? So I have four beatnakes. Then we have my secret ingredient and unique twist frozen vegetables. Here I have two cups of frozen vegetables for a nice texture. Finally I have a little bit of cornstarch dissolved in water to bind our soup. Let's cook our egg drop soup now. The first thing we need to do is prepare our broth. So in a large pot like this I'm just going to throw in our two cartons of chicken stock and then our carrot and onions for natural sweetness. We'll place our lid and bring your flame to high. Once the broth starts to boil then you can reduce your flame to low. And then we'll simmer cook our broth in our vegetables for 30 minutes. Let's take a look at the broth after 30 minutes. All the flavors of the carrot and the onion have really infused into our broth. Give it a nice natural sweetness. With our strainer we'll remove all the vegetables from the broth. Now we want to add more depth of flavor to this broth. So here we have our soy sauce, our fish sauce and a little bit of pepper. Give it a stir, bring the broth back up to boil. Once our broth has come to a boil we'll just add in our beaten eggs very slowly. Just like this in a circular motion. And then give it another stir and what you're going to see is this cob web like pattern from the eggs. We'll add our frozen vegetables. Here I have a medley of vegetables. So I'm just going to drop that in. You can use any type of vegetable you like. If you just like peas then add peas. If you just like carrots then just add carrots. Whatever you like. And you don't need to defrost your vegetables because the hot broth will immediately cook it. And then finally we'll add our cornstarch that has been already dissolved in water to bind it a little bit. And give it a final stir. The soup smells and looks delicious. It's ready to eat. So here's our Chinese egg drop soup with my secret ingredient and unique twist. This is a great first-core dish and you saw how easy it was to make. I really enjoyed sharing this recipe with you for this recipe and for all of our Asian living tips. Visit our website at Yinyingliving.com. Thank you. Cool off seida.