 Hi everyone and welcome to my channel. In today's video I'm going to be giving you a few tips on having a better night's sleep and to make your bedroom a little bit cozier. Sleeping on some good quality sheets is one way to make your bedroom nice and cozy and sleep better. During the winter months I like to use a humidifier in my room. It always helps me sleep better and I will go into a little more detail into both of these products here in a few minutes and I would like to say this is not a sponsored video in any way. I am just sharing a few tips with you all. One of the things that I really like about these sheets is that it gives you a short side and a long side tag and it shows you where to place them on your mattress. And right here I am just showing you what their website looks like and right now for Christmas they have their bedding sets on sale for 40% off. I will add a coupon code for you as well for 30% off. You cannot combine them but when the Christmas sale runs out I am pretty sure you can use the 30% off code that I will add in my description box. A huge plus for me about these sheets is that they are 100% long staple cotton and they are available in two fabrics. 300 thread count and a 350 thread count and trust me I was a little skeptical with the thread count because I normally love a really high thread count but these sheets are so soft and so comfortable and I love them so much. They aren't made with any chemicals or GMOs and they do offer free shipping and returns for all US orders. So if you guys think that you might be interested in these sheets trying them out I am going to add a link in my description box for you. One of the things I really love about these pillowcases is that it has this extra deep pocket fold right here. And what you do is you will put your pillow inside and then you will put this part over the end and then fold it like that. So when your pillow is on you can't see the end. See just like this. Sleeping with a good quality pillow also helps you sleep better at night. Also it would be a good idea to turn off your electronics. I would say an hour or two before you go to bed just to help you relax and unwind. I also sleep with a fan right next to my bed and that kind of gives you that white noise and sometimes I will turn the fan away from me because it is too cold. But I do like the sound of a fan. Another good way to get a good night's sleep is to have a humidifier in your bedroom. I know that when the winter months are here you can get a little stuffy and the air is a little more dry. So right now I have this one. It's by Levoit and I really love this one. It is a cool mist humidifier and you can tap the button once and it's blue. And this turns the humidifier setting on low. And then if you tap it a second time it is yellow and that is the medium setting. And then you can tap it a third time for purple and it is the high mist setting. As you can see and you can also turn this in different directions. And it also doubles as a night light. If you want to put this in like a children's room or a baby's room there is a night light on this side. Hold it for a few seconds and then the light will turn off. So again you can tap it once for low. So a second time for medium and a third time for high. I usually keep this on high when I sleep at night. Also you hold it a few seconds and the night light will come back on right here. Another good way to get a good night's sleep is to use some essential oils and this one is lavender. And I think I picked this one up at Walmart or Target. I can't remember but what's really cool about this humidifier is that it comes with something called an aroma box. And you can add a few drops of essential oil and I will show you exactly where the box is and how I do it. So if you turn the humidifier around you can see right down here there's like a little box right here and you just push it in and it will come out and it is called an aroma box. And what you do is you just add a few drops of your favorite essential oils in here and then you will click it back in. And right now these humidifiers are also on sale. I am not sure I believe it's 15% off. I will leave all the links for the sheets and the humidifier in my description box. But for the sale for the humidifier I think it's only until the 20th. So you might want to go ahead and check that out if you are interested. And yeah I am loving this one and I really love how it also doubles as a night light and a essential oil diffuser. Another way to get a good night's sleep is to make sure it's not too hot in your room and I will turn my heat down to 66. And almost every night before I go to sleep I will have my tea and my favorite tea is the bedtime tea by yogi. And I really love this tea because it helps me sleep and I really love to read the quotes that they have inside the packages. Thank you so much for watching my video. I hope you all enjoyed it and if you did I would love it if you leave me a thumbs up. And if you are not yet subscribed to my channel I would love to have you and make sure that notification bell is turned on. So you are notified when I upload a new video and I hope you all have a wonderful day. Bye.