 Alright, hello guys and girls, this is example and I bring you to you today the bread cube that's right, the bread cube, it's a 3x3 by 3 by 3, fully automatic bread making machine. Now you might say hang on a second, we've seen all this before but yeah you probably have but I think this is probably the most beneficial type of design you'll find out there. Now I've got three different designs here and we'll go through them in a second. Now before you get started and write in comments like, but you need both of them and that's not fully automatic, well this one what you're looking at right here is totally fully automatic and it is actually a, well it's 3 high, 3 wide and 2 deep, 2 deep being this way. And that one there is actually a fully automatic bread making machine though the only problem with it is you're going to be standing around for a really long time waiting for bread to be made. In fact, I don't think these guys have made any at all so far but yeah these machines here with a clock built in, you'll be getting a lot of bread in no time. So this design here basically only grows wheat on one side of the device whereas the one way down here which is, got a piston clock on it actually allows both these villages to harvest crops and this one here is completely chocker full of stuff. So before we get into it, does anything else to say about these? Well at the moment this is a 1.8 Minecraft vanilla and I think this is probably where a lot of you are coming in stuff. Now you're coming across my designs are 3 by 3 by 3 series and you might be trying to build it on bucket. Now I have no idea if these will work on bucket at all. This is completely vanilla Minecraft and that's what I'm working on. Alright so let's go ahead and take a look at this first design here but first what I want to do is turn off this amazing noise. Here we go, go on. So first level or first layer of the 3 by 3 villagicube is ice, dirt, drop of facing up, solar block, solar block, dirt and these two hoppers here are facing into each other and ultimately going into this chest. Now I will show you how to build this shortly. Second level, the ice is now turned to water that is because we've placed a torch here. We have hold our garden and placed our seed on there and grown it into wheat. We have a dispenser facing towards us in that direction. We have a redstone repeater set to 2x a delay facing into that dispenser. We have a spludge of redstone and a lever or lever depending on what country you're from. Then the third layer which is the final layer and this is what's a magic about this design is we have fences, iron fences around in this configuration. It's a bit hard to explain how this patterns laid out but basically I've placed a solar block on top of that repeater. We've got a blob of redstone dust here. We have a redstone torch on the back of that block and that basically becomes a clock. Now you can make this clock go fast or slower. I think this will burn out this one and this one's probably the best setting to have it on. Alright let's turn it back off. So getting back to these fences, well what this actually allows us to do and it's quite neat little trick is our villager is now standing in the middle of four blocks. So let's count the blocks. We've got a block of water here, a farm block and two hoppers. So this villager is effectively standing in the middle and has access to these four blocks. Now the same with this villager here. This villager has access to these four blocks which is the chest, these two hoppers and that block of dirt. Now that is fantastic and that's what makes us work and because there's a fence, well the fence is joined in between these two villagers when one makes bread and throws it to the other villager, it hits the fence and drops down and then gets sucked up by these hoppers which ends up in the chest. Now these are mess in machines, if we get lots of drops falling down here like this, if they fall off the edge, I'm not concerned about catching those drops, I'm after the bread and the bread always makes it into the chest. Alright, so let's get on to this design over here. Now this one here is the piston clock. Let's turn this on briefly. Let's turn it on briefly. Oh yeah. Let's turn it on briefly. Okay, let's turn it on bud. Let's repair this. Oh yeah, yeah. So the idea behind this one is that we've got two villagers which can harvest. It's very noisy, it's also very fast and we'll see in a second next turn. There we go. So that piston is going to power both these to spencers. Now let's just fill it up a little bit. Oh that one's gone. Alright, this hang back. It's a little out. So that allows both those villagers to harvest wheat and it's by far the fastest machine to build out of the two. However it's very noisy and some of you might not want to have a clock going that fast on your server which is why the other one is adjustable. So if you have any trouble with lag and I'm not sure you should, I'm not really sure that you would but if you have any trouble lag then you probably want to go for the one way over there. Now this one however is a lot faster and you'll be getting tons of bread in no time. Let's just, we've kind of seen them, well so full. Alright anyway, so you get the idea. Let's take a look at this design anyway. Alright, so once again we've got a block of ice here, a bit of dirt, a dropper facing up and I've got another dropper here. Now the reason why I've got an extra dropper here and not on that one over there is to actually allow for more storage space of bone meal. So this, it's quite, it's quite obvious that you're going to go through tons of bone meal with this machine. So I've tried to put in more storage and I can't add a chest in at the moment. I haven't worked out how to fit one in with a 3 by 3 by 3 design. If you want to break that 3 by 3 by 3 design you surely will be able to fit a chest in. Alright so this dropper is basically pushing items into this one and this one is pushing items up and then we've got the same thing again, two hoppers facing into towards a chest. Another block of dirt and empty spot right there. Second level, we have a dispenser facing towards us, another dispenser facing towards us, like that. A block of rest on dust in the middle and a torch there and of course we would be howing. Ah, that's the magic of television, look at that. So what happens is, if you update those blocks and so for some reason I just momentarily forgot that would happen. If you update these blocks by howing them, what happens is it'll update this water and the water will start flying if you don't. If you have a sip before the amount of water amounts like I just did in front of your eyes, you'll be fine and in fact you can plant that stuff and it's alright. But if you have to hold the dirt again, that water is going to float like I just did. Alright so that's what you want to do, that's the second level. Alright, third level is, once again we got this fence configuration around here like this, if we look down, it's a bit hard to explain but basically if this person is extended we place a fence against that and then build this little box. Right and we've got a piston of course and a redstone block. We didn't see the switch under here before, did we? No, there's a switch there. And that's what it does. Okay so that's that machine sort of out. Now I'm going to go ahead and build probably both of these in a moment. Here we go. So first I'm going to build the piston design. Now we start off with, I've started off with a three by three sort of platform and that kind of helps me work out where things are going to go. So that block of ice goes there. Now we're going to punch out this block here and we're going to place our chest in that spot like so. Then we're going to find our hoppers. Now I'm going to tell you how to do this because a lot of people have been asking me, well I can't get the thing to connect. Well this is what you do. Now take out that block there and that one there. Now I've got my hopper in my hand, I'm going to hold down shift and then I'm going to right click into that chest and that hopper will now be connected to that chest. I'm going to do the same thing to this hopper. I'm going to face that hopper there. I'm going to hold down shift and then I'm going to right click into that hopper and now everything is joined together. Anything which goes down that hole is going to go end up into that chest. All right. So that's the first layer down, next layer. No sorry, it's not the first layer down. What I'm talking about. I need some dirt. Do it goes there. Oh man, dirt goes there. Hopper goes there. Go. That block is gone. Okay now we're looking better. Dropper. Dropper, dropper, dropper. That's a dropper. I want it facing up and then I want another dropper facing into it. Like we had before. Someone's holding down shift on the side here and that is now facing that one. Brilliant. Okay and then what I want to do, and this is how I'm going to get around this sticky situation where I don't want the ice to melt just yet. But I want to plant my crops but also don't want me to pop off. So what I'm going to do is grab some bone meal. Yeah. All right. I'm going to hold this dirt, throw down my seed and then I'm going to grow that crop. So it won't pop off. Same thing here. All right. There we go. And then I can put my torch down and I don't have to worry about that updating anymore. Right. There we go. Torch goes there. Sweet. Now, right. We're working on the second level for sure now. Dispensers. Dispensers. Right. They're facing in towards us. It's going to be harder now with a wheat in the way. There we go. One. And I need to place one there. All right. So they should be facing towards the wheat like you can see just right there. Awesome. Okay. That bit's done. Now I need to place a piece of redstone there. And before we get started and carry it away, I need to place a switch on the underside of that dispenser. All right. Let's just turn it on. I mean some machine isn't going to work. Okay. And now we're heading towards the top bit. We need to place a sticky piston. So it's facing towards us like that and a redstone block. Right there. And just to test it out, let's try that out. Nice. All right. There we go. And now we're working on the fence. Now the fence is what's going to hold the villages in there. Let's grab an iron fence. All right. So to do this, we're going to place one here. And another one in front of it and along this way. And then beside it, pretty much like that. All right. So should have a little box that looks like that. That's what the village is going to go into. Now, problem is, how do we get the villages in there? Yes, I do get complaints. You're in creative, it's easy. Well, you can't actually do it easily in survival too. First of all, you need to get your villager. We're going to manufacture one. But before I do that, what I suggest you do is if you've got silk touch and you're going to grab the cold web, place one, and there like that. And that's going to stop the villagers from smashing your crops when you drop them down. And we just need a couple of villagers like that. And we need to push them in the hole. Now I suggest you build a platform around the top and cut up your villagers, break the cart and then push them down the hole. It should be that easy. Now this guy is a, what kind of villager are you? It's a farmer, perfect. I want another farmer over the side too if I can get one. No, you won't do. Ah, you have your right. There you go, shepherd. All right, so the shepherd's going down. And once I down, we can break that cold web and we are ready to go. Sweet. Last and final step, you need to fill up your dispensers and droppers full of bone meal. That guy's already off. He's already gone for it. Good work, guy, good work. So I'm just going to basically just place it in here. And the other dispensers, I'm not going to do the droppers because it's kind of pointless. These guys are going to both go for it. Then after I've built the other one, what I'm going to do is I'm going to test and see which one's going to produce the more bread. Turn it on. There we go. So those guys will just keep doing their thing. Now, every now and then you're going to get a village and not re-planting. That is a little bit of a problem but because we've got two, it'll eventually work its south out and they'll sort it out themselves. All right, let's go over to here. The second design, it's actually very similar to the first in many ways. This is the clock is different. So let's break that block. Put our chest there. Let's break that one and grab our ice. Place it there. Grab the dirt. One there and one there. Now it's not necessarily to have this dirt here but I'm going to place it there anyway. Break those two blocks. We'll grab our hoppers. We'll hop her and hold down shift again into that chest. Bam, gone. And the same again with this one. All right. And next we've got two. Hold that dirt. Oh away. And actually we don't need one over here. It's not worried about that. Man, bone meal. And we'll grow that so it doesn't pop off. Grab our torch. Place it there. Right. Awesome. Dispenser. Where's that? Dispenser. Actually this grab the dropper as well. I should do this. Just so you know what I'm doing. Okay. Dropper is facing upwards. Another dropper facing into this dropper. So the items coming this way and then up. And then. Dispenser facing towards the wheat. We need a redstone repeater, some redstone dust. Redstone repeater on top of this dropper. Hold down shift to place it. And we want to sit on two types of delay. We want to have a piece of redstone here. And because we're not using this as farmland, we're using as a switch. So the place to put a switch. Let's break it again. Place a dirt down. Put a switch on there. There we go. Awesome. And then we move it up to another level. Okay. We want to place a block, solid block, on top of that repeater. Like so. And then we want a redstone torch on the back of this block. All the side, depending on the player. Look at that. Like so. So if we turn that off. I made this a bite again. Yeah, it was actually happening. Right. No, you got to be kidding me. Oh. All right. That's because the operator is turned into a bit of a dunt. Okay, there we go. That's just there. There we go. Fixed it. All right, sweet as. Now we want a iron fence. Here we go. You're going to place it there. On to that block. We're going to come over this way. And place them like so. So should have that pattern. All right. And now we're ready to put our villagers in there. So let's grab our trusty cobweb. And that's just so the villagers don't break the crops when they drop. Now I want another villager on the side. I want a farmer. And I would like to have farmers on each side. So let's get a farmer. Fisherman. Let's push you into the other one. You go down. That one. There you go. Farm out of the side, please. No. You won't do. Perfect. Now just need to wait for the ice to melt. While we're waiting, let's get rid of the cobweb. And fill up our dispensers. Well, it's pretty noisy. But anyway, they both started and they're doing their thing. So what I'm going to do now is I'm going to add the chest out. And we'll do a little exercise. I'll fill up the same amount of bone mill and next one and turn them on. And once the bone mills run out, we'll calculate who actually is the winner. Which one is actually going to be a lot better to use. And we'll go from there. All right. Back in a second. Right out. Let's go for this. Okay. Each one has the same amount of bone mill and each one. Let's just check that out. There's nothing in the droppers. There's no point in doing that. There's nothing in droppers. Okay. So they both got the same amount. I need to grab some seeds. And I'm going to place a seed there, one there, and one there. I'm not concerned if one of them stops planting. That happens sometimes. And if you feel like you want to get it going, you can just plant another seed down there. You only actually really need one farmer working. All right. Now before I actually get started on this, I have tried it with more villagers inside. Two in each cell. And you don't want to do that. It absolutely reduces the amount, the rates, some of the chronic. It just does not work. All right. Let's turn these on. And we're going to wait till it runs out. And then we shall see who is the winner. As I expected, the piston version has run out of bone mill already. So let's just remove that. We don't want that guy planting any more or harvesting any more. So he's done. I'm not going to look in the chest yet. We're going to wait till this guy is finished doing this thing. Now, so Spiky's got a long way to go. Yeah, a long, long way. All right. So we're going to wait for that guy to catch up. And once he's done that, we'll tell you up the results. All right. If I look like they're both finished, let's turn them off. I'll first destroy that. Turn them off. And we'll go calculate up. See who is the winner. All right. Now, notice I did a little bit of a silly thing at the start. I let this guy plant wheat as well. So I had to redo this whole thing. So we took all the wheat out, took the bone mill out, started again. And this is what we need to up with. So let's take a look inside this guy's chest. All right. Let's see if we can do this. Let's get rid of that. Let's put these guys on the side, the left side. And then we'll check out the chest on the right hand side. Wow. I tell you what. That is unbelievable. That is so close to being almost as careful the same. Wow. That is absolutely amazing. So let's just check this out. We have on the left hand side here we had a stack plus 40 of seeds. On the right hand side we had a stack plus 35 of seeds. It's only five seeds different. And if you look at all this stuff on the ground, we actually lose quite a lot on the ground as well. So this is very interesting. Bread wise, we've got 56 on the left and 54 on the right. And that is pretty much almost the same. Well of course it's a lot too different but it's pretty close. And the wheat in the chest we have 55 on the left and 59 on the right. So it just goes to show that, well, it doesn't really matter which one you build. You're going to end up with the same amount of bread in each one. This one is far too noisy. This one is bearable. So you need to think about that when you're building your designs. Right. I guess there's not much more else to say about this apart from, well, happy building. And yeah, I think I'll catch you next time. Later. Bread. Anyone?