 Hi, Daniel Woodoff here with Douglass for the retall meeting in the smokehouse. We saw a lot of turd weapons and turd weapons arrest here at my Douglasville retall meeting in the smokehouse store. And I'm going to give you a demonstration of how to debone a turd. It's going to take a minute. There's a lot of moves in the car because I've started some of it to cut down on some of the time. A lot of your turkeys that come from the processor, the skin's not going to be perfect every time. And we're going to have a tear right here, not that big of a deal because we're going to tie this thing up anyway. When we do our press, we run them through a jet net, but on the whole turd up until we tie them in the stream. And what we're going to do is we're going to get the legs out, the thigh bones out, and the inside part of it. It's going to end up like this. Do not throw these away. Put these in a big pot with your giblets and make you turkey stock because you're going to have leftovers when you're done. And that's great for turkey dumplings, turkey noodle soup. You can make a stew or a shower or those five bottoms. So we're going to get started here. I've already gone around this base of the backbone here. And I'm going to go ahead and flip this over and show you. This is where the backbone is. This is the turkey back. And then you've got the breast right here. And then these are your legs and these are the thigh bones that I've already taken off of these sides right here out of these joints. You want to be real careful not to puncture through the skin. So we're going to work this down. So I have some room to work. And then this is the oyster meat right here. Very, very tender and tasty. Aren't the backbone area. My wife was this. I used to call it the half dollar meat because it's usually the size of a half dollar. She calls it the oyster meat. You see the mother of pearl up to it gives it that oyster color, especially after it's cooked. So now we're going to separate the meat from the thigh. And you got to be real careful because you can stab yourself and you're going to the hospital. You got to be very, very careful when you're deboning these birds. Now, when you're deboning a chicken, it's a lot easier around the leg and fire because a chicken doesn't weigh as much as a turkey does. And their tendons are going to be stronger, thicker to help support the bird because a turkey will get up into the 30 pound range out there and more. If you buy a 27 pound fresh turkey, that turkey probably weighs close to a, that turkey probably weighs close to around 35 pounds. And once they clean it, get the feathers off and everything in the head. You see, then we're, I've got to pay attention to what I'm doing here, so I'm status that. Then you get down to a 27 pound bird.