 So Jay, Barry and Ben cooking up melted cheese. Is that good enough for a big night in? I'm alright with the melted cheese. I'm slightly more concerned about the offers of hot sauce. There's no more sauce in there now. Right, sir? It's just weird. Ben invited us around for a fondue. Yeah, which I'm skeptical about. You know, like who's never. Fondue. Or they will be a lot of fun. Fondue. A lot of fun. A big cheese fondue, Swiss style, some for gas, camera, sun, and rosemary, and a whole bunch of stuff to dip you dip in. That is amazing. That's a big shot of vodka. Yeah. You seem to have got a lot of things to dip you dip into our cheese fondue. But you forgot the drinks. We're drinking water. And there is a reason... ..which I'm going to tell you about right now. During these festive times, it's good to get around a table with friends and family, but sometimes we take this clean water for granted and yet there's people all over the world who aren't as fortunate as ourselves. That's why we've teamed up with charity water, because later on we're going to be raising money and awareness for such an amazing cause. Cheers. Cheers. Or cheese. Cheese fondue. We're bringing fondue back. Bringing fondue back. It is the epitome of social food. You just have a stab and have a dip. That's delicious. Proper cheese. I'm going to dip it now. That is super cheesy. Mm-hmm. But it's not... ...too cheesy. So did you make it with a roux? No. Oh! That would be a lot easier, but the classic fondue method is quite different. First up, take a clove of raw garlic, peel it, and rub it all around the inside of your bowl that will give it garlic flavor, and then take your wine. In this case, we've got two glasses, 500 ml of a dry wine. Heat it up until it's almost simmering. In regards to the wine, you've got a question here from Sans saying, in pretty much every recipe I've ever seen for fondue, it includes either white wine or some kind of beer. What... what did this make? And you need it. So obviously you need liquid. Mm-hmm. And wine or beer, or sometimes cider, has amazing flavor you're adding to it. But it's also about the acid you get in wine, which is what don't use a sweet wine. Right. Use a dry, kind of sharp, tangy wine, because you need that acid, because that acid is what stops the protein to the cheeses from coming together. So if you did want to leave the alcohol out, I guess you could do it with something like vegetable stock and lemon juice, but you need that lemon juice. We're already adding the juice into this, the squeeze of more lemon juice with some vegetable stock, would give you one without alcohol, it would just be slightly different. Next up, place a dusting of corn flour into your grated cheese, and that's not traditional, but it's just a cheat to stabilize it as it all comes together. Then place small amounts of cheese into your warm wine as you continually whisk and just keep adding in more cheese, more cheese, more cheese, more whisking, as I guess, more cheese, until you have the fondue you want with all of this cheese, a squeeze of lime and a great evening. That's a lemon. Yeah. A squeeze of lemon and a great evening of nutmeg. This is a 50-50 blend of emmental and Gruyere. So emmental's quite a bland cheese, which gives you the bulking a bit cheaper, I like that. And Gruyere is the kind of funky, nutty one. If you made it all with Gruyere, you'd have to be a real cheese lover, to love it, but also being very, very expensive. Nice jumper. Yeah, well done. Really? Wait a minute. The memo was all worth 50 jumpers. No, not this week. Next week. What? While Barry continues to melt our cheese, you can get everything else really. No fondue is good, unless you've got things to dip in it. So we've got roast potatoes, boil potatoes, cherry tomatoes, celery, carrot batters, and these. Quails eggs. All they need is one minute in boiling water and then another minute in cold running water to cool down before you peel them. And that will give you, by the egg at room temperature, a soft boiled quail. Soft boiled quails eggs. Egg. And then again, what's wrong with you? Too much wine. Can I try some of this bread? It's salty. This is, you call it a funny name. Yeah. Fugas. That looks very, very soft. Have a piece and have a dunk. That is brilliant. I love bread that's been like lavaging salt. There's something about salt bread. A fondue isn't complete without some banging bread. And this is a Fugas strong white flour into a mixer along with dried yeast. We dissolve in water, sugar, salt, and some olive oil. Need it one up for five or 10 minutes until you've got an elastic dough. Cool. What you should have is a nice sticky dough. Tuck it under into one bowl. Little bit of extra flour. If it's too sticky, very sticky. And then place it back into the bowl, cover it in a tea towel and leave it to prove for an hour. To flavor the bread, caramelized red onion. And that's one onion with a pinch of salt and pepper, a glug of oil and a knob of butter. Crooked over a gentle heat until it becomes really sticky. Add a little pinch of sugar. And it's perfect. We'll also chop up some rosemary. Next up, mix your chopped rosemary and caramelized onions which have cooled into your bread dough. The bit that makes this a Fugas is shape. It's kind of like a leafy shape with like the holes in it as the stems or the leafy bits. So once you've got your two leaves, plenty more olive oil over the top, a sprinkles of sea salt, any left rosemary. And then after about 15 minutes at room temperature, bung it into another 200 degrees Celsius, about 25 minutes. I very much enjoyed that. For something cheesy. I mean, that's brilliant. I'm fine. People can get ahead next week because you've actually already put the recipe up online. You're kidding. Oh yeah. It's an awesome meringue reef. And if you want to get the recipe, you can get ahead. Put your Christmas jumper on it. Enjoy this here next week. I'll put that on the door. No, you know. Who's got a question? Ah, there's no question. It's very great. I'm really sorry. What we thought was we talk about charity water instead. You know? Because. Hold on. You're there with us. Basically, we always take the granted the fact that we have fortunate enough to have clean water at table. And yeah, 660 million people per world don't have that privilege. So team up with charity water during the festive period, we are going to raise awareness and donate money for the people we value in our lives who aren't at this table right now. So for example, I really value my family. And they can't be with us at this table right now. But you guys are. Yeah? So on them, I'm going to donate money on them to raise money and then base and charge them to then do the same for other people. For me, with four of us around this table, but the sorted family is bigger than that. So Ben is going to donate 1.4 million pounds to charity water. It's in dollars. Yeah. What I'm going to do is because there's 12 of us in the sorted team, all the people who are holding such cameras and editing and making what we do possible, I'm going to donate for the 8 of them. I am going to donate on behalf of Mike Huttleston. See yourself. Who's my dad? Yeah. My dad. I am a junior. So I'll do it for my dad. So that you're both Michael Huttestowns, do you have a different middle name to separate you? No. Basically, in 1986, my parents had a complete lack of creativity. So called me the exact same name as my bet. And that was my, that's my bet. That's my, I'm not done named for anything. Yeah.