 Today I'm going to show you how to make your clothes waterproof if only a candle on a blow dryer. So today I'm going to be making these trousers waterproof what I'm going to do is I'm going to put the candle only on one of the legs and then I'm going to compare the result. And I'm going to use only this cheap candle which you can buy at every supermarket. So I'm going to take your trousers and I'm only going to do one leg grab your candle and then just going to rub it on like this. If you've got all these more expensive products which will do the task maybe even better and I'm just going to show you how to do this in a very cheap way. She's been using it. It's going to keep doing this. So you really want to get into all the cracks and what I'm doing now I'm just doing this part of my trousers because that's not really any need for me to do my whole trousers just for the purpose of this video. Because this is always a part of the trousers that gets quite wet when I'm walking through the woods but you could do your whole trousers with this and of course now you see all the wax sitting on my trousers but when you put the blow dryer on it's going to go completely away and I'll show you the result. Okay I'll set it down and let's check the results. You can really not see that there's a lot of wax on here or any at all. It actually looks quite fresh. You compare it to the normal to the normal egg to the normal brook spike. So here the proof shall be spoken. One leg have done with wax is the camo wax and the other leg nothing has been done to it. So let's put it on the water. First no wax. Okay look at that you can see you can't really see it'd be absorbed immediately. This is what I do not want. We got the leg with the wax and let's hope it worked. Look at that lazy gentleman. Not even a drop of water. See that? This is the result. What? Dry. I'll show you again. So this is what you can do with a candle and if it's not completely watertight you can just repeat the process and just do it again and again. The only downside is don't do not want to catch fire because then you'll be in fire for about 15 minutes. So look at this and look at this just completely no wetness at all. The funny thing is that the only thing that's wet is the backside a little bit. So the place on the leg which has no wax on it. So anyway I hope this really helps you guys out and yeah see you later if you like this video give it a thumbs up don't forget to subscribe. I thank you all very much for watching and leave a comment if you've tried it out and it worked for you. So very cheap way very easy way. See you guys later.