 Hey, this is Jenny with misttutut.com. I wanted to talk to you a little bit about tutu care today. Now, after you made your tutus, you want to make sure that you take good care of it. Now, of course your little girls are going to be playing around in it or maybe wearing it for photos and stuff, and that's fine. They can have as much fun as they want it with it, because you can always make another one. Since it's so inexpensive to make your own tutus, and that is one thing I really love about it. Now, if you do have a tutu like mine, this one's been sitting around the house for a bit, and actually I think my cat played with it a bit. You'll find that cat. Do love this tool for some reason. But as you can see, it's all over the place. It's a mess. It's not as nice and flat as it once used to be. And so if I wanted to put this down a little girl and take some pictures, I'm going to need to make sure that I straighten these out first. Now, the first thing I do is sometimes this will work out too. Especially if it's humid out already. All you need to do is just run your fingers through it. Okay, and then just straighten out the individual layers. So that might work. The other thing you could do is just hang this in your bathroom while you're taking a shower. And the steam will actually help this to calm down as well. Now, if that's not working, you can also grab a hair dryer and just lightly on a very light setting. Go ahead and just use some very gentle heat on the lightest setting. Not the cold, just like a low heat temperature, I guess what I'm saying. And then you can really get your tutu looking fantastic again. Now, this is one that I had created just has a ribbon waistband. So I would just open it up like this and then make sure I have it all sitting nice and flat. And you could shake it out a little bit too. A lot of girls like this fun, messy look especially for playtime. If you're taking photos with it, you're gonna wanna make sure that it looks nice. So those are just some tips for tutu care. Again, this is Jenny with mistutu.com. Head over there for a free tutu making lesson. I'll show you how to make a no-so tutu, absolutely free. The video is over 10 minutes long and I just know you'll love it. So have fun making tutus. You