 Hi, this is Maria, Maria's garden in Pugta Gordafloraida. I've been getting a lot of requests how to get rid of the aphids in the desert roses. Well, this title of the year, that's when we get them. We get caterpillars, we get spiders, and aphids in the summer. So I'm very calm and so I just checked the plants on the wild. This morning I was walking around my yard and I happened to see aphids in my plan. Look at this, this little thing, you see this little thing over here? Nasty, yellow thing, so I'm gonna pull some to show you, see that, the yellow and nasty. So how you get rid of them, you need a bucket with warm water, you need a little towel. I usually use a piece of my teacher, all teachers. Some Q-tex and soap. I use pomegranate. So it's a little soap in there. Okay, so it's one, one water soap. Okay, so what you do, you different than, and this is the way you get rid of the aphids. This is the way you can only get rid of aphids. Believe it or not, two years ago I have two thousand cilinds that I had to clean one by one with a Q-tex. They sell many things in the store to get rid of the aphids. But this was the best, and this come from the professionals because I asked before. Okay, so it's not easy, it's a work, but this is the way to get rid of the aphids. You see all these aphids, all these in the here. So you rinse it up, take some while. One plan is not, when you do two thousand, you have two thousand take a day. Cilinds, so sometimes you have to use a Q-tex. And there's more places like where you can get it, like over here. Just go like this. Go like this. This is little tints. This, but it's funny because I have a lot of plants here, and this is the only plant that's infected. These are little flights that come around. The only places you can get in there, the plant is these places over here. Okay, this little place over here. So just use different Q-tex, Q-tex every time. And that's how you get rid of them. Let me see. You have to get each one out. They turn into flies. There's a little fly that comes over here, and pulls the A in this set. Actually, one time I put on a sticky tape, and the flies start to the tape, so that was funny because it worked. Okay, the only place is over here. So I think I got a question in my YouTube channel about somebody here, a nafeet, and they're going to borrow a battery, but it's not a big deal. They don't really have the front, but you don't want them to be your plant. They're nasty. You see? So now, when I get all the little tips that I cannot get closer, doesn't look bad. Okay, so I'm going to clean my rug again, and now we're going to get serious about this matter. I don't want to make this video too long, so I'm going to clean this plant, but I'm going to finish cleaning it until I show it. So this is what you do. You get one to start in this branch, get one by one. Okay, just like this, one by one, it's easy. You see? One by one, and then look at that. Don't leave any in there because they turn into flies, and they put more, more, and I expect them to plant and make sure you don't miss any. This is the easy way. I throw a lot of stuff on the stores, and set the size, and stuff, shop, and set the size. I've got to start finding a new map, and I ask the experts. And the experts said, the only way to do it. Okay, and we're talking about people that has thousands and thousands of desert roses up in the whole step. So this is how you do it, and they come out. And then in the end, then, okay, then when you finish cleaning your baby, thank you maybe 20 minutes, but so clean. You can do everything, clean this, this, this, this. Okay, when you finish cleaning your plant, all each leave you have to expect. Okay, don't think you're going to do one leave and the sun will get tired, I don't like it. You're going to have to finish your plant because you love your plants, and then when you're doing that, there you go. Okay, there you go. So just clean the room. Make sure all the opens are done. Okay. And usually you can see, and I usually shower, and I'm using kind of pressure on nasal. Well, the reason I'm doing that, to make sure you don't have any. Anyway, this is how you get rid of the offense. If you like my video, please subscribe. Until next time, Mariah's Garden. Bye bye.