 Hey guys, how's it going? So in this video I want to go over a new sharpening system I want to try, but I figured before I get into that I'd show you quickly what I use now for my current system. So it starts out with this Norton Oral Stone. It's 400 grit and it's a pretty cheap stone. I think it's like worth 20 or 30 bucks. Then I go to this Diamond Plate Stone. It's got 600 on one side, 1200 on the other and this guy's actually fairly expensive. I think it's worth some or around $100. Then I move to my Water Stone. It's got 1,000 on one side and 4,000 on the other. Now I just primarily use the 4,000 on this stone and this guy here rings in around $80. It's a Norton aluminum oxide stone. So you're probably wondering, well you got a pretty good sharpening system here. Why do you want to move to something else? Actually the answer is quite simple. The stuff is give or take two or three years old and the Diamond Plate has wore out almost completely. It's not cutting at all anymore. That's due to be replaced and I dropped my Water Stone. I don't know if you can see that, but I cracked it quite badly. It's not flat anymore and basically needs to be replaced. This is two things alone is worth a couple hundred bucks. I think I'll try the cheaper option first and see how that works. That's what I'm going to do in this video. Alright, so this is going to be my new sharpening system. It's just a regular old sandpaper. At least these three are regular old sandpaper, wet dry sandpaper. I got from the big box store. It's 320 grit, 600 and 800. To attach it to the glass, I used carpet tape, but that's just because my shop's kind of cool and I was worried that sprayed heasts of one worked that well. This would probably be the quicker way to do it. There are two and a half inches wide, so I should be able to get three strips out of every piece. The other three, I specifically order from Leavalli Tools and it's actually made for honing. Really fine grits. They're rated in micron. I got a 9 micron, a 3 micron, and a 1 micron, which is 1200 grit, 4000 grit, and 8000 grit. This stuff actually has an adhesive on the back, which is really nice. You just got to cut it into your strips and stick it on your piece of glass. The downside to this stuff is it's expensive. This stuff runs roughly about 450 sheet. But what I'm thinking is because I got such a large grit progression here that this stuff will probably last a fair amount of time. Like I said, I get three strips out of each piece. So I guess the only time will tell on how long this stuff will last. Okay, so I got my number four planer blade in my honing guide and I took the time to polish the back of it up a little bit further because before the biggest grit ahead was 4000. I have 8000 now, so I redid 4000 and 8000 on the back first. So now I can go ahead and do the bevel on this particular knife or blade. The primary bevel is at 25 and the secondary bevel is at 30. So I'm just touching up the 30 degree bevel. So I think I'll start, I don't want to start all the way at 320 obviously because it's already, I think I'm going to start at the 600 and go all the way to the 8000. Oh, that was too loud. All right, so this sharpening system definitely just passed its first test with flying colors because it gave me a ridiculously sharp edge on this planer blade. So it couldn't be happy with the results but when I still got to figure out how long this is going to last and how much it will cost me in the long run where this is a disposable system. But yeah, at this year first time here and you like these kinds of videos, don't forget to hit that subscribe button. I'm Roy Nuddle. Thanks for watching.