 Hi everyone, we're shooting again from the Hollywood Hills and today I'm going to teach you how to cut a pineapple and make a probiotic drink with it. Obviously we need a pineapple, a good cotton board, a good knife. Today I'm using rose sugar but you can also use vanilla which is like a more raw version of the brown sugar. You can find it in Latin stores or you can also use a gabe. Don't use rose sugar, please. We need some water and a pitcher so we can make a drink. Best way is to place eye weights like this and cut the bottom part off just like this. Put it right here. Just make sure that you get an organic pineapple and you wash it very well because we're using the peel to make a drink. So we want to make sure it's clean, very clean. Then we start by cutting off the sides just like this. The four sides. Two. Three. I usually grab it from here. A lot of people cut this to start with which makes no sense because you want to hold onto your pineapple so this is perfect for that. And then my fourth side. I'm actually going to start putting my peels inside my pitcher and then the little corners that are left. Cut those off too. Exposing. A beautiful tropical pineapple. Here we go. Throw those in the pitcher as well. Now we can cut the head out and get rid of it. Sometimes you're going to have like this little eyes left. Obviously you don't want to eat so you know it's just trim around them. Then when our pineapple is peeled you're going to see the center here. This is the center heart of it. That is not really edible. I mean you can eat it but it's very hard to eat it. So it's better to just cut around it. I'm going to put my knife right in the edge of it so you can see and just cut it down like this. Take one nice piece of pineapple on the side and do the same around it. This is the heart. We're going to put it away because we're not going to eat it. We have our pineapple that you can do whatever you want with. You can make a juice. You can cut it up, feed it up, put some of the fruit and it's very delicious either way. Now to continue with our probiotic drink. We're going to use the pitcher with the peels and we're going to put some sugar or agave or vanilla as I said. For the sugar is about 5 tablespoons and then we're going to put some water. This is simple and then we stick it in the fridge for a couple of days. After the third day it will start fermenting and that's when you want to drink it and the third or fourth day maximum the fifth. If you let it wait longer you might get drunk because it ferments too much. You just want to make sure that you drink it when it's good for your gut for digestion. This is a Colombian drink called Guarabalepina. I hope you enjoy it.