 you Hi everyone welcome back and I'm going to be showing you how to properly measure your head for a custom wig as well as customize your mannequin hats to fit your head size. Now what you want to start with is preparing your hair so how you will wear it underneath your custom wig whether it be a low ponytail, or a braided up or a slicked down. Now as you can see my hair is slicked down and you want to choose which wig cap you will use. You can use a regular weaving net cap or you can use a dumb to make sure you have a long hair. You are going to be doing multiple measurements of your head and the first measurement that you want to do is your head circumference which is basically around the head. So you start with the measuring tape in the middle of your forehead. You want to make sure that it is around your hair line and you want to take you from one side behind the ear towards the back behind the other ear and around to the front. Now we are done with the first measurement so you want to do the second measurement which is temple to temple and if exactly what is face you want to measure from one side of your temple which could be either the left or the right to the other side. You want to measure from ear to ear and you want to make sure that when you measure from ear to ear it is on one side behind the ear and then across the very top of your head to the other side behind your ear. The next part of this video is me showing you guys how to customize your mannequin hair to fit your head size by using the head measurements that you just did. Now the suppliers that you will need to achieve your custom mannequin head is of course you need tape measuring tape, a pair of scissors as well as your mannequin head. It is really good to customize your mannequin head because a standard mannequin head that you get from a beauty supply store is about 21 inches and if you decide to make your custom wig without doing your head measurements your wig once completed will not fit. Now an average size head is about 22 to 20 and a half inches maybe even 23 inches. Now I will be customizing my mannequin head based on one of my clients head measurements. Now to start off with customizing your mannequin head you want to use your tape and do the head circumference. So my clients head circumference is about 23 and a half but I wanted to make sure that it wasn't super snug fit. She has a little bit of wrong so that's why I made the head circumference 24 inches. So what you want to do is just keep applying the tape around the mannequin head and you want to also periodically use your measuring tape to see how or basically what the size of the head circumference is. Now I will be using the tape to see how or basically what the size of the head circumference is. Now I will be using the tape to see how or basically what the size of the head circumference is. Now I will be using the tape to see how or basically what the size of the head circumference is. Now I will be using the tape to see how or basically what the size of the head circumference is. Now I will be using the tape to see how or basically what the size of the head circumference is. Come on. Yeah, I got them bottles, baby. I do. Okay, I'm loving that smile. I see the lust in your wife. You'll be able to be away from paying sugar and no money. No matter what it is, you cold as hell. And I'm thinning your body. So go hair rolling up the B&E pop and bottles are not. So cut the music on the earth. I'll make you feel good. Eat the pussy out of the earth. They hit it with this lone wool. You know you love the way. And they've got some old games for ways. Keep it hook when you have the crib. But you want to flow right by the cape. I can beat the pussy in a hundred ways. Make you come from a hundred days. Lay it down so good in the bed. You want to keep other niggas out your face. The strength that we sip it, it got your suckin'. Ain't got me lickin'. Yeah, we too lit and we get it so ignorant. But I feel like good so girl, let's get it. Yeah. Oh, what was that? Yeah, yeah. You know we sip in our rolls, baby.