 Hi everyone and welcome again to another cooking video. Today I am making some hat-up fillet but I'm just going to saute it very simple. So I'll add some fillet right here and I just cut them in small pieces like that. So what I'm going to do right now is I'm just going to season it a little bit. I'm going to put some smoked paprika just to give that smoky flavor a little bit. And then I don't know if you noticed that we've been using a lot of the old base seasoning. So it's so simple. I'm just going to put some of that in there. You can use this with anything seafood, chicken, even salad. But with fish I like it a lot. I can smell that smoky flavor. And then I'm just going to add a little bit of some herbs. You can just any herbs that you want. So I'm just going to add it like that. I'm going to put a little bit of salt. A little bit of ground pepper. And then the next thing that we're going to do is we're going to just coat this with flour. And it's going to go into my hand. I only have just plain flour. Okay. So I'm just going to coat my just like that. Sometimes I just leave it on the side just like that. That will do too. I have probably about two big fillets. And then I just slice them into small pieces. So it doesn't take too much space on my pan when I cook it. So that's about it. It's going to ring that all back. And this is going to go into my pan. So what I'm doing is I'm just turning around. Turning around one last time. And look how it's nice and golden brown. So this is cool. I'm just going to get this out of the pan and put it on a paper towel to drain the towel degrees. So there you go folks. I hope that you liked this video. I have a little sauce there that might make for me. His own very own tartar sauce. So if you want to know the full details of the ingredients, I left you the link to the website. It's all in there. And again, I want to thank you for watching and thank you for supporting this channel. I appreciate you all the time. And if you like this video, we can also like it and share it and subscribe. I'll see you next time.