 Hi guys, welcome back to my channel and today I'm going to show you my rubber plant. So like the Zizi plant, I like to divide my plant into a small different plant and I divided this plant from a mother plant. It was $29 as a garden center and I divided it because I like to have more plants instead of one together. So yeah, I divided it and I live one in the kitchen and I got one, two, three, four, five here with me. So I divided it into six different pots. So yeah, so they've been growing. So this one is the new shirt. So yeah, so that's the new one and there's a small one is coming out of that. These are harder, you just live them in a interaction like and what are them when the top of the soil dry. I noticed something very strange because I jacked on my other pot and I found a horrible scene because please if I show you this one, laugh okay, it's still, I'm not sure if it's still alive or not, but it's very, very weird because it has no leaves. Okay, promise me, don't laugh okay, so if you're ready, this one here. Look at this, it's like a stem but can you see that one there? It's growing, there's the new shirt. Sorry, I didn't do the phone focus. No, okay. So yeah, so it's still, I'm not sure it's still alive or dead. But I hope it's still alive. I'll keep you guys updated on this one because it's weird, it's had no leave. How it's going to photosynthesis. So yeah, but it has the root in there in the pot. So I'll keep you guys updates on this one. These are really healthy and they're big. So that's the new grow and that's the new one coming out. So this one here is a new one coming out too. In terms of fertilizer, you can do liquid fertilizer and a slow release one. Yeah, it's very easy, you just put it in the soil and water through. And don't feed them in the winter month because you don't need to feed them. They're hardy and they don't require a lot of light. And they're toxic so just be careful with the leaves. So yeah, do not over water them because you've got to kill them and when you repot it, make sure the pot is an inch or two inch or three centimeters larger than the original pot. They like to be root bound. So yeah, and they clean the air inside your house. So it's very easy to care and you don't have to water them a lot. So thanks for watching and I'll keep you guys update on other videos about other plants and I have there. I'll be doing a potos video soon so keep update. Bye.