 Hi everyone, this is Ella here. So we're going to be making Lumia tonight. It is a Filipino egg roll and you can choose any meat that you prefer. We normally make it with beef. Today I'm making it with half beef and half bison. So my husband picked up some bison meat so we're going to try that. You can use pork or ground chicken or turkey. We think that beef has a lot of flavor and pork as well. So let me show you the ingredients and we'll get to cooking. Oh no, what are you saying? Biongant honey. You will need two pounds of meat of your choice. Two medium onions which will equal to about a cup and a half of chopped onions. Four cloves of garlic, three tablespoons fish sauce or soy sauce. I'm using soy sauce. About one cup of chopped carrots. I'm actually using a broccoli slaw so it's like a broccoli and carrot mix. So I'm going to be using about a cup to a cup and a half with like more vegetables. And two packages of egg roll wrappers. You should have at least 60 to 72 wrappers depending on what you buy. So I'll have I think I have 60 wrappers altogether. First you want your browned meat on medium to high heat. So you're just browning your meat like you would when you're making spaghetti or tacos. And when we're done browning it, we'll go ahead and drain the excess fat. Add your chopped onions. Saltate for about five minutes. While you're meat is cooking, you can start separating your egg roll wrappers because this is the most time consuming part. As you can see, you get to do it carefully so you don't tear it. Once the onion and garlic are tender, we're going to go ahead and season our meat with a pinch of pepper as well as a little bit of salt. And about three tablespoons of soy sauce. You can use fish sauce if you like. So it's all about preference. After you season the meat, go ahead and add your vegetables or chopped vegetables. So again, we're using chopped carrots and broccoli. We are using about a cup and a half of vegetables. After you add your vegetables, saute for about two minutes. Turn off your burner and let it cool for about 10 minutes. It's time to roll up our lumpia. Make sure you have your wrapper laid out like a diamond right in front of you. Take about a tablespoon of your filling. Place it in the center and spread it out. Then you're going to take this and fold it over. Kind of tuck it in under there so it's a little taut. And take the sides, fold them and then roll just like when you're rolling burrito. Just like that. And to seal it, you can take some water just a little bit or you can even use egg. So just like so. The oil is heated up so I have it on medium to high heat. And we're going to go ahead and put the lumpia rolls in there. So I have about an almost an inch of oil on this pan. So we're going to cook this until there are golden brown. Sometimes I turn the heat down a little bit because it does get too hot. So I've got a few done. I've got more here. So they're about golden brown in color. So we can go ahead and take these out and then I've got a tray lined with paper towels. So that way the oil can drain from the egg rolls or lumpia. We usually serve these with sweet chili sauce or sriracha. So there are different variations of lumpia. Some people use ground raw meat and roll it into the lumpia wrapper or the egg roll wrapper and then cook it that way. I usually brown the meat first. This is how I learned it from my mom. So either way the all turn out delicious anyway. So I rolled about 50 lumpia egg rolls, fried some, and I'll be freezing the rest. Obviously most of them got eaten. I hope that you guys found this video helpful and enjoyed it as well. And I hope that you give this a try for yourself. Definitely bring to back to my childhood memories, especially when it comes to food. So what kind of food brings you back to your childhood memories? Let me know. Leave a comment below. Thanks for watching everyone and we'll see you again next time.