 Well what's up guys this is Daniel from Arms Family Homes did. Hey I'm sitting out here on the porch I'm gonna cook a little lunch on my propane grill. Nothing fancy just propane I know propane not the best to cook on but it's what I got right now. So it's garden season everything is coming off coming out of the garden in abundance right now and so many people are always asking about recipes and things. How do you cook this? How do you cook this? How do you cook this? Well you know a lot of times we end up frying a lot of things with fried oak or fried squash, fried egg plant. Try not to eat everything fried but man it sure is good sometimes but I like to grill a lot of my vegetables. Grilled okra, grilled zucchini, grilled squash, things like that are just awesome and yesterday I went to the river with a good friend of mine and we caught a bunch of catfish so I thought well I've got fresh catfish in their refrigerator, it got fresh vegetables. Why not show you guys my process of how I grill up some of this stuff because grill catfish pretty good stuff too. So one little tool that I use and I use it quite a bit for grilling. Guys are like sideways crooked let me straighten you up a little bit here. So one tool that works great out here on the grill because grill in vegetables is tough sometimes you thaw them on the grill and they stick and they tear apart and I fall but I've got this little wire basket that's made for cooking fish see it's kind of shaped like a fish. It's just a two-part fold open basket and this thing is good for so many things you can use it even use it over a campfire throw a bunch of hot dogs in there you grill all your hot dogs at once but I'm gonna load this thing up with some catfish some zucchini and some okra and whip up some lunch real quick and it's good stuff. Alright we're in here in the kitchen let me show you what we're working with. All I'm doing is a couple slices of zucchini, four or five okra and a couple catfish fillets. Let me show you how I'm gonna do this. So basically all I did was I took a zucchini and made a couple slices maybe a little more than a quarter less than a half inch thick sliced them up and I rub a little olive oil on them and then I'm gonna put salt, pepper and a little bit of Tony's creole seasoning and we're gonna go ahead and get those started because the okra won't take very long and these catfish fillets won't take near as long as cooking this is zucchini. Just throw those zucchini on a grill and let them cook for a few minutes first. So I'll let these zucchini cook for a few minutes on both sides until they start getting a little bit golden brown. I think I'm just going to do that one catfish fillet because it's huge. It's about a 6 pound catfish. So two shallots, zucchini, four, five, okra, and a catfish fillet. I'm going to make for a good lunch. As the zucchini is starting to brown up just a little bit, let's throw my catfish and okra on there with them. Let's add the golai. I'm going to add the green from my okra. Squeeze one out there, close the basket over. Yeah, that's going to be good right there. Everything's seasoned the same way. Well all of the whole salt, pepper, Tony's creole seasoning. Oh yeah, let's add the cook up. Alright our catfish has been cooking for about four or five minutes on this side. Let's give it a flip, see what it looks like. Oh yeah, see that okra is looking good for sure. Catfish is coming along. Look at that golden brown zucchini. Oh man, this is really good. Well here's the finished product. Oh it looks so good. That catfish really reduced in size but that's ok. Still a good portion of catfish. Grilled okra, grilled zucchini. It's time to eat. I'm going to dig in. Let's try this grilled catfish. That looks awesome. Yep. Grilled zucchini. Oh yeah. Perfect. Now this okra. This is the first year I've ever grilled okra and I really enjoy it. Sorry guys. Guys are falling down all over the place today. Let's just try this right here. So grilled okra. Like I said this is the first year I've ever grilled okra. If you've never tried it, oh my goodness, it is delicious. You know most people complain about okra being slimy and things but hey you grill it. It takes almost all the slimyness out of it. It's delicious. I love it. So I'm going to enjoy my lunch here. Thanks for watching guys. I really do appreciate it. If you've never cooked them one of those folding grill baskets, I'll leave a link below you can check them out on Amazon. There are awesome little tools perfect for grilling especially all these vegetables and things that usually will stick to your grill or you put them on the grate and they'll fall through. Things like that. You don't have to worry about that. You cook everything and once flip it. Nothing sticks to your grill works perfect. So check it out in the link below. If you have never used one of those, I think you'll enjoy it. Also if you're not following us on social media check us out Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, all that. There's links below in the description. Just arms, family, homes, dad on Facebook and Instagram. Instagram is really where I put most of my attention for the channel so check us out over there. I'm going to finish my lunch guys. Thanks for watching. I appreciate it. Have a great day and hope you have some vegetables that you can grill. Try it. You'll enjoy it.