 We're going to make today a nice side dish. We're going to make some caramelized carrots and brown sugar. The first thing you're going to need is some kind of skillet and we're just going to fill that up with a little bit of butter and our carrots. For your butter, I always use salted butter. You can use unsalted butter if you would like, but you're just going to throw in a big chunk of that. I'm using about a half of a stick. Once you have your butter basically melted, you want to have the temperature on someplace around medium heat, you're going to add your carrots. Add how many carrots you want. For the half stick of butter, I'm going to go ahead and add a pound of carrots. From there, you just want to start working them around a little bit. Make sure they're all covered in a little bit of butter. Make sure they're all getting warm. You're going to slowly cook your carrots this way. We're not going to go for super-cooked carrots. We like ours about half cooked. Okay, guys. Once you've had your carrots cooking for a little while, you start them up a few times, you know. Got them over where they're starting to get a little tender, not too tender, not ever cooked yet. The butter is sauteing pretty good. It's time to start adding some brown sugar. We're not going to go easy on the brown sugar here by any means. I mean, you want to kind of hammer it with brown sugar. You've got our brown sugar in. It's time to start mixing it up. We want that to mix in well with the butter that's in the bottom of the pan. Any kind of moisture that's there, kind of make a sauce. The next step is going to be heating up all that sugar to where the sugar is actually molten sugar. It's not just mixed in with the liquids. You actually want the sugar to liquefied like you're making a candy. That's what we're going to use to cover all of our carrots. Now, don't forget that the fact that this is going to be a really kind of sweet dish, something that goes great with sweet is always going to be salty. So after we get this mixed up a little bit, we got some of that caramelization starting to take place. You want to start adding in some salt. Don't go super easy on the salt. I mean, kind of get it in there. Don't make it ever really salty to where it's ever, you know, it's completely unedible because you can always add salt after the fact. But you want to keep the heat up. You want to keep it kind of intense. And you notice how we got the sugar over here bubbling. We want to keep that sugar bubbling. We want to work off as much of the liquid out of it as we can. That water from the carrots, the little bit of moisture out of the butter. We're just wanting to make this now more or less a molten sugar mix. The molten sugar will adhere to the carrots and just add a nice glaze to them. So we're going to put our lid back on that for a little bit. It's going to keep some moisture in there. We don't want to leave a lid on too long. Just enough to finish off cooking the carrots. Okay, guys. So we've taken the top off for the last, you know, five to ten minutes. We've got our sugar caramelizing here. You can see it bubbling around the edges real nice. We've lost a lot of our moisture from the butter and from the moisture on the just the carrots. The carrots are starting to just a little slotted shrivelin. That's something I like. Some people don't like. But that's going to tell us that we're just basically done. At this point, we can turn off our heat and let them start to cool a little bit. Once the heat's off and it starts to cool, that's going to start to harden up, congeal just a little bit around every carrot. And it's going to make each one just a nice little sweet and salty morsel. So that's going to be basically how we make this side dish. And I hope you guys like it. If you liked it, hit that like and subscribe button. It's a delicious recipe. I hope you all try it. Thank you and come again.