 Andy here at the Nicholson Music Company. Today we'll be going over the basis of your bad instrument. Now whether you are renting or own your own instrument, there are a few things you need to know before getting started. First, let's take a look at the instrument parts and what they're called. This is the head joint. This is the part you blow into. Next is the body. This has most of the keys you'll be using to play different notes. The last piece is the foot joint. This has a few more keys on it and goes at the end of the flute. This is Daisy. She's going to be showing us how to put together, take apart and take care of your instrument. Let's get ready to play. To put the pieces together, hold the body with one hand, making sure not to grab it by the keys. Then with a straight twisting motion, gently insert the head joint and line the hole to the center of the keys on the body. Tip. This is the upper section. It can cause damage to the flute and make it harder to fit the pieces together. It should fit easily. If it seems hard to connect the pieces, bring it in for adjustment. Next, gently twist on the foot joint to the body. Align the rod to the center of the keys and the body. Now you're ready to play. These are the valves. When you're done playing, take the flute apart by gently twisting the pieces off. Off. To remove moisture from the inside, use your handy dandy cleaning rod with a small cloth to clean the inside. Feed the cloth through the hole in the rod. Insert the rod and pull all the way through. On the head joint, you'll notice you can't go through all the way. Just insert the rod until it stops, give it a twist, and remove it. Wipe down the outside to remove your fingerprints and keep it shiny. Then put the pieces back in the case. Don't forget to latch it. You're all done. Thank you, Daisy. It's good to make a routine and take extra care of your instrument. It only takes a few minutes and it'll help keep it clean and lasting longer. If you ever feel like there's something wrong with your instrument, please bring it in the store and we'll be happy to look at it. We're located at 636 East Bidwell Street in Folsom, California. I hope you found this video helpful and informative. If you have any other questions, please give us a call at the number below or even stop by the store. Well, thanks for watching. This is Andy signing off.