 Hi everybody, my name is Phil here. I do a hair up building inspections for asbestos. What I'm going to be doing during this inspection, I'm going to show you what it's normally tested during an inspection, what we test for. We would test stucco. We would take three samples of stucco. Also, we would look under the final siding. Maybe some more different stucco or asbestos board, like the Cement Transite Board. We'd be taking the window samples, especially the wood putty, we'd take three different wood putties, an average of three, unless it changes. If it's wood, we'll take three, if it's metal, we'll take three also. What we do is we would also, we would sample the roof. We would sample all three layers, three or four layers, depending on the layers, the tar paper. When we also sample the stucco, we would sample right to the wood, to the tar paper layer. So during the inspection, we would be damaging the summer, three different corners I would imagine, right to the wood. Even around these chimneys, sometimes as a black mastic, we would test for the mastic, see if it's containing asbestos. As you can see, there is some caulking round, that we'd be sampling the caulking. This is an asbestos, here on the caulking. A lot of times, we also sample the cement on the chimney in the mortar. We walk around the property, so you see a better angle of the house. This is probably 1950s, 60s early. Most of these intact materials are probably a plaster, a drywall plaster material or a laughing plaster. So we're walking around the side. So these are the windows. These have window putty that are covered by screen. That will be window putty. We'll take three samples of window putty, three separate windows. As you walk around the back, to the back of the home. So you'd check the vinyl siding in three different locations or four different locations to make sure there's no asbestos materials behind the vinyl siding. So what we would do is also we would test the garage, we test the roof. There's two layers, we test all two layers. We would take window putty also again, separate from the house. We would take, well looks like there's only two windows here, we take one of each window. We would take three stucco samples. Generally looks the same, fairly same looking material, but we would probably still take three off to garage. A lot of times the material might be different, could have been built different time periods. So this is the outside stuff we're checking for. When someone doesn't askbestos inspections, especially in a city of Vancouver, we would be looking for these materials, gives you an idea of what we're doing on the outside. I'll show you a video of the inside after and show you the materials we're testing, what to expect during our inspection. Talk to you later, thank you. Okay, the materials in the garage that we're looking for, we're looking for drywall, any oils, has materials. This garage inside has nothing except those balances. That's an older balance, could contain PCBs. These are the newer ones, these probably will not. We'll still make another of these. Three potential PCB containing balances. That's garage and relative clean if I used it for a little band area. It's pretty clean. All right, we're looking for oils. Before oil, not going to show what that's for, but we'll take a bit of a look later. These are some of the materials we're looking for, drywall, has the materials, paint cans, asbestos boarding inside here. Sometimes these old stoves in here, old chimneys. You know, this is a standard garage. That's about all we can look at this one. It's pretty basic. I'll give you a shot on the house after. Okay, we're in a basement now of this home during my inspection of the basement, what I'm going to be looking for. What I might do is we can see bits of flooring. It's a little bit hard to see a late time working proper here. We check shelves to make sure there's no vinyl flooring on the shelves. This white tape here would be asbestos. We won't sand it because we know it's 100% asbestos. More flooring. Hard to see, but it's more flooring. We look at it under the stairs. See if there's any flooring. What we do is we see a table top here. It's got a vinyl floor. This would be an asbestos product. I know judging by removing that material before we know it's asbestos. We see the same floor here. It goes all the way under there. A few closet areas. We'll take one sample that floor. Here's a duct tape. We look at the hall water tank. We know it's a new hall water tank. It's probably about five years old at most. New asbestos issues. As you can see, ducting for the spestus wrap. We know that the guaranteed has a spestus. We look in the wall. A little bit hard to see with that wall. It's actually a little bit hard to see with that wall. This is covered with the spestus paper. They put a spestus heat paper on that wall for some reason. Probably for fireproofing. Now we're looking at here. We've got countertop. We've got floors. We've got duct tape. It also goes in a wood. See how it goes in a wood. We had lots of time on our hands back then to put it everywhere. Okay, so we're going to go from that room. We're going to automatically see floor tiles. These are asbestos product. It actually has a black and a red. We'll be checking the floor. This is actually cool. It's actually neat tiles before it's got little horses on fucking horses. So what we'll do is we'll be testing this floor. We're taking one sample of the floor and a stick. We'll be looking at the ceiling tiles determining if it's a fiber board or if we think it's a spestus clock, we'll probably test it. We'll check around a chimney. We don't see no inserts. No, nothing like that. We'll check in a wall for insulation. But through my experience, the wall is downstairs usually would be a fiberglass or a no material at all. Cold storage. We want one of the front stairs. No floors. Basic. Nothing to test. So floor tiles run in this room also, you can see it's the same material. We'll probably take maybe two or three samples just because of different color variations. We know it's going to be a spestus, but we'll still take them anyways. So we'll walk around bar area. Sorry for the poor lighting. Can't seem to get in on these switches working. Same floor material probably goes under the bar itself. We'd walk from this room to a bedroom, which has got an element floor. We'd pull the floor up. If there's a vinyl floor or floor tiles or any material that we think is a spestus, we will test it. If the floor tiles are the same as the other rooms, we'll make a note it runs to the bedroom. All you can see this has got wrapped here. Hard to see. It's wrapped again. Ducks. We'd count all the heat, the heat, smoke alarms, we'd hot test them all. Chuck them to make sure to see how they're installed. This is the okay, giving them this project. This is where the breaker boxes would take a better look. Sorry for the lighting. So we'll look around a bit in breaker box to see if there's any spestus shielding. See how all the breakers are to see if there's any suspect. Sement board in the breaker. If we suspect it's a problem, we'll make a note for the report. Okay, upstairs will be a little brighter. Sorry about the poor lighting. The other stairs itself here, if you can see, there is a vinyl. That's got a black backing. A most likely doesn't contain. We don't know about the mastic, but we still sample it separately. So we'll take one sample of this. These two couple two or three samples of this other floor material with the mastic plus there's a few other things there. There's also a floor tile here. Right into the hallway. So we sampling one there. We'd be sampling this washroom. It could be also more than one layer. Could be two or three layers, we're going to say. Then what we do is see this the register. Those registers align with spestus right around. As we're looking up the ceiling, we see a texture sprayed on texture. That will definitely test it. We take three samples of that texture. If that texture changes to a different texture, we take three more. For this type of square foot inches, three will be plenty. Look kind of the carpets. We'll look at this fire log material. Sometime that might test it could be spestus. Sometimes use spestus materials and those fake logs. The material here is a plaster. Let me take a better look. It looks like it might just judging by the waste cracking. It could be latham plaster. Not sure. We'll know later. We'll make a whole later. We'll take probably about five fire six samples of the plaster. And if this plaster, a turn just to drywall, we will take three additional at least, depending on the square footage. Also got a floor and a kitchen. I could be more than one layer. What we'll do is get a chisel, chisel down to the subfloor, determine how many layers of floor we test every layer. You know, there are materials I can see there. We look at the countertops and look inside the covers. Look at the sinks. Sometimes we'll test underneath the sink, depending on kind of material we think it is. I'm usually going to chuck all the coverots here a lot of times when they did the kitchen floor. They always put pieces of strips. So a lot of times there's strips of material. So we're walking to the bedroom now. Just a two bedroom house. Probably around about 900 square feet or so. We'll look kind of this carpet. I know a texture and a ceiling, so we would need the ceiling for itself. We're looking for clauses. Trying to see if there's any material that's laying around on the shelves. We'll put it on. See? Right there for the piece of vinyl. We don't know if it's spastic, so we'll have to test it. I mean, we could be totally brand new, but you know, sometimes you have to do tests just to prove it. Yeah, I'll take the switch on. Got a little bit late. We'll look kind of the carpets here. Same routine. If this material is all lach and plaster or a drywall plaster or a drywall, we'll take them in on three, but I'd take about five from the area. Just because the board is always better, especially if there's any changes that we can particularly see. Check to close it out. No normal difference there. It's another heat register. This will be loud and spastic. What we do now, we look for the attic hatch space. Most likely it's probably in a closet. Yeah, right there. There's our hatch. So we'll move the shelf in a bit. We'll put a ladder up there. We'll check the material out. Determine if it's a fireman glass or if it's spastic. We'll be looking for silos. The silos is usually negative, but sometimes there's a silo's material that is gray like duct tape. You see that material? It's supposed to be spastic. So you have to be very cautious. We look at the fireplace. Determine if we have taken samples off some of that route there. This is a basic walkthrough. It also, since it's a demolition, will make a hole in the wall, check the exterior insulation. That's very important. Sometimes you notice the spastic attic, but it could be in a wall vice versa, right? So we'll just basically walk through the property to turn. How many samples, what materials? And this is putting it in the for a house. I don't see any raised sub floors. There's probably one type of material. We'll give more than one layer. Pretty basic 1950s, 60s style home. But like you say, we have to check all the sub floors right down to the substrate from the original plywood. So that's a basic inspection of what we're looking for. Now you got to remember we're causing damage, especially if being a demolition or making holes in the wall or going to the attic, making holes in the middle floor, cutting holes. Sometimes you're taking multiple layers of sub floor, which is only not multiple layers, and we're testing every layer. Because the top layer could be brand new, two layers down and the middle layer could be spcessed, the bottom layer could be negative. So we don't know that until we start testing the material. So being prepared, especially in Vancouver, there's a lot of recycling. Any houses 1944, older, it's got recycled. So there's a lot of materials we have to look at and take some more. Same with the shower, we might want to take the shower road. Depends what material is there. It looks more like an arborate material in this one. So the key thing is if this room had, say, a different texture, we'd be taking three off that room, and since there's three rooms, the same texture would be taking one in each room. But if the square footage was like over a thousand square feet, we'd be taking more, maybe five, right, and so on and so on. Like the flooring materials usually come like the miscellaneous materials where we're going to take one, oh, sensory different patterns and colors will probably take more one in each. So ideally this floor, like I say, I can't tell how old it is, but it's good's possibility this isn't the spcess floor. We know the downstairs ones are spcess for sure because I removed many of those floors. And this final floor, I've seen this before, containing also, funky looking multiple colored. This is probably about a 40, 50 percent spcess material. There's still a lot of areas I might not get every item in this video, but I'm definitely showing what to expect. If you're buying a home and you want to build a home and you need the spectre to come in here and inspect for a spcess of materials, well, this is what we do. We go through your house, we look for a spcess, what's what's regulated, what has to be attested, mandatory testing, and when we test everything, we put it in the sandwich bag. I'll show you, see if I can show you an example. Yeah, I'll show you an example, some of the other things you'll see there's a toilet in a ziploc bag with a sandwich bag, separately enlabeled. Let's show what the materials were testing, sent to a certified laboratory, and when it your results back, we record based on our findings. Use your findings or spcess related. We find underground tanks, so make a note of it, any PCBs, any mercury switches, all the other hazards, lead paints as an issue. It's another kind of thing we have to look at too, but we're talking strictly a spcess right now, this is an spcess inspection, this is what we're showing you all the best. Thanks for watching and have a great day.