 You might just be a kid of the 80s if you had a dresser that looks exactly like this. Stick with me because I'm going to show you how to paint this $40 thrifted dresser and make it look modern. Hey guys, what's up? Serena here from ThriftDiving.com. And today we are painting this gorgeous thrifted dresser. It's not for me, it's for my mother-in-law and she's going to be so excited when she sees it. Today we're going to use Soft Grey by Beyond Paint. I'm using this paint because it's going to allow me to get the job done fast. All I need is a roller and a brush for the little cracks and crevices. And first we're going to look and make sure there's no damage. And if there is, we're going to fix it. And then we're going to jump right into this project and get it done super quick. So for this makeover, we're going to use the Beyond Paint Makeover Kit. It actually comes with one paint, one quart of paint. That should be plenty. We will not be using all of that. Comes with a roller and an extra roller head. And I love that it comes with a paint tray. Woohoo! Oh cool, it even comes with a little instruction CD. Awesome! That's so thoughtful of them. Oh, and it comes with sandpaper. Oh, how cool is that? You really don't have to buy anything, do you? So before starting any furniture makeover, you really want to make sure that you're cleaning the furniture first. Because if you're not, you're painting over dirt and grind. So get some simple green. You can get it at any home improvement store. If you look here, there is some gouging on this dresser. So we can't paint over this because it's going, it's just going to look bad. So what I'm going to do is take a little bit of wood filler and I'm just going to shove it into the goug so that it fills that hole. Once it's dry, we're going to take the sandpaper that came with the makeover kit and just sand it smooth. So now that we've cleaned, we've done any sort of repairs that we've needed to do, we are now ready to paint. And the thing that I like about Beyond Paint is that you can use it on virtually any surface. It's going to come in different colors that you can use on wood, plastic, furniture, and just anything. This is soft gray, so it's going to be look really beautiful. So the thing I like about using the rollers that I don't have brush strokes. So if you don't like brush strokes, Beyond Paint is the paint to use. So in these little cracks and crevices are where you can use the paint brush that comes with the kit because it's very hard to get your roller up in there. So just use the brush and get into those hard to reach places. So the sun is going down and we are almost done with our first coat. And once we get this first coat on, getting the second coat on is going to be a piece of paint. So it's day two of this dresser makeover. I really tried to finish this last night, but the season is changing and I ran out of sunlight. Daylight. So we're going to finish this up today. And I am taping off here because I'm going to do some fine detailing around this molding. I think it's really going to give it like a pretty little, just make it look pretty, especially with the white that we're going to put on the poles. So we are done with our paint. We've put two coats of paint. We've done all the trim. We are ready for hardware. This is the easy part. So let's go ahead and put this on and then leave this for 24 hours. Do a coat of sealer on top and then we are done. We are ready to drop it off to mother and mother in laws house. All right. One more to go. Just one. Just one. And then we're done. Oh come on, come on, come on. The sun is gone. We're done. Yes. We are done. Just make over. Now let's see the before and after. So for just $40 and a painting kit from Beyond Paint, we were able to transform this $40 French Provincial dresser into something beautiful. My mother-in-law is going to love it. So if you've loved this project, subscribe to my channel. Find me at thriftiving.com and don't forget go check out beyondpaint.com for more information on this paint. See you next project.