 Hi everyone, it's Kevin and Bear Creek Honey. I've got a question for all of you. Maybe you have the answer to it because I don't, but I had something strange happen the other day. I noticed and this is my honey. This is my honey that I bottle. I take it around and drop it off where I sell it and that's great. I left a couple of these in my truck. I sort of forgot about them. They were in a box. Obviously it's cold out, but I went and got them. This is what they look like now. Hope you can see that. They're white. I got two of them. Actually, they were side by side. I don't have a clue. Now this is, I pulled these out of my truck yesterday and I figured I'd let them thaw and thought maybe they'd turn back into whatever it is they'd turn back into. This one is hard as, I mean it's hard as a rock. I can't even move it. This one is very, I can move it and whatnot. I've never seen anything like that before. I suppose I could take the lid off and see what it's very, let's see if you can see that. Probably, there we go. It's kind of granular in there. See that? I don't know what the heck happened to it. But this is, I mean, I obviously freeze honey frames all the time. It's very granular. It completely crystallized. That's what must be what happened. I just found that very, very interesting. Still good. But I thought maybe you guys would have a better idea of exactly what happened than me. You guys said this one is, this one is 100% solid. I can't even budget. I wouldn't have thought that freezing this would crystallize it. That came from the same batch, obviously. Because I extracted them all at the same time. I'm going to boil some, not boil some, but get some water simmering on the stove and dip this in some warm water and see if that changes them back. Okay, so it's been an hour and I put each bottle into some warm water. And voila. There you go. Back to regular honey again. Kind of amazing. A little different than that one. But not so bad. Converting it back. I didn't boil it or anything like that. Just got water simmering and then shut the flame off and stuck these in there for, like I said, it took about 40 minutes. But my question to you is why did that happen? Obviously, these bottles have not been sitting around for a year or anything like that. But they completely crystallized 100%. One very much so was almost hard. And that occurred from maybe warm day in my truck or did that occur from freezing. I find that hard to believe. But if anybody has the answer for me, post it in the comments. Because I find it interesting as to why the honey crystallized so fast. Given the fact that we freeze, or at least we're told to, put our honey frames in the freezer to keep waxing or whatever mice or whatever away from the honey while we wait to either to extract it or to use it maybe next spring. I actually don't see anything wrong with just keeping it in the frames and storing it in the basement for a while and then using it in the spring as you need it. I guess it is what it is as far as that's concerned. But if you have the answer, post it in the comments below. Thanks again and talk to you next time.