 Did you ever have a taste for one of your own homemade chocolate chip cookies, but you didn't have the time to make a batch or you didn't have the ingredients or bone. You just wanted a taste for one or two chocolate chip cookies. Well, I'm going to give you an idea for how to make them and freeze them in advance. I made these by using a small ice cream scooper. I don't even call it an ice cream scooper, but that's what it looks like. And I'll link below in the description box where you can find a scoop like that. So let's get started. I'm going to show you how to satisfy that cookie, maybe. Using the scoop or your hands, make balls of dough and put them on a cookie sheet that's going to fit into your freezer. Now, as you can see here, you can put them close together because you're not going to be baking this. Then pop them into your freezer and let them freeze for two hours or more or even overnight. When they're frozen, you can take a spatula and then put them right into a freezer bag and then pop them back into the freezer. When you want to have a cookie, preheat the oven to 300 degrees Fahrenheit. I'm just using this crummy little pan and pop two frozen cookie dough balls onto it. And then once the oven is heated up, I bake it for 20 minutes. When they're done, take them out of the oven and let them cool for a few minutes on the cookie sheet. If I'm feeling patient, I'll transfer them to a wire rack before I eat them, but sometimes I just eat them. So that's it. That's how I made two cookies. From frozen cookie dough that's just sitting in my freezer now until I feel like I'm going to go into the chocolate chip cookie. And the dough will last about four to six weeks and still taste like a fresh cookie. I've noticed if it's in there longer, it still tastes okay to me. I don't think I'd surf them when they get that old to guess because they come out kind of dark. But you know, there'll still be a chocolate chip cookie. So this is a great way to make some dough. Even when you make a whole batch of chocolate chip dough, you could just scoop a few out, freeze it, and make the rest. And then you'll still have some. Alright, thanks for watching and please subscribe. Bye.