 Alright, to start this chicken salad, we're going to start by seasoning up our chicken breast. I have some black pepper here, celery salt, onion powder, and garlic powder. You can get all these measurements on my blog. And I have flattened this chicken out so that it cooks faster. So just season up your chicken breast with those spices. You can add more spices if you like. Alright, and now I have some chicken broth that I'm simmering. And now I'm just going to add the chicken breast in there. Let them simmer nice and slow. I don't know about seven minutes per side depending on how flat your chicken is. Just cover that up and let it simmer. And when the chicken is done, just put it on a plate and let it cool off. And this chicken is so moist and so juicy. Be careful not to overcook it. That is one key thing to make chicken salad bang and it's to have a nice juicy chicken. Alright, so now while the chicken is cooling off, I have some eggs here. You just want to bring that to a bowl, cover it and then let that simmer. And those little things floating around, egg exploded on me. So that's what you see floating around. Alright, so while eggs are cooking, we're going to dice up our celery. We're going to dice up our onion. I like little teeny tiny bit and I don't like a real, you know, I don't like a lot of chunks of celery and big chunks of onion. Alright, so there we have our onion and celery mixture. Now if you want to add in some cranberry, some raisins, some grapes, walnuts, whatever you want to add in, you can go ahead and mix that in right now as well. I have about one cup, one cup's worth of onions and celery. Alright, so now it's going to shred our chicken. You can use two forks to shred it up. I like to use my fingers because it's a lot quicker to me. Alright, and there it is, nice and shredded. Okay, so now we have all of our ingredients done. Chopped up ready to go, our chicken, our onions and celery, and our eggs. Chopped up everything's ready to go. So never going to start putting this salad together. Okay, so in a bowl, we're going to add in our chicken. We're going to add in our onions and celery. And next, we're going to add in our eggs. And now I'm just going to stir it all up, get it combined. Okay, so now I'm going to add in the mayo. I like to use half dougs and half helmens. I used to be a dougs girl all the way, but now I have discovered when you mix it too, you get a really, really good flavor. So I usually mix those two together. Alright, now we're going to add in our sweet relish. Sometimes I even put in the dill relish. Okay, so now we're just going to add in some more seasonings. I'm going to put in some black pepper, onion powder, garlic powder, and some celery salt. And you guys just remember to, as you add in the seasonings and stir it in there, just remember to taste it as you go and add more seasonings as you go. That's the key to getting the chicken salad to taste exactly how you like it. Because everybody has different preferences. Preference says some people like it more season. I like it really, really season. So I usually double or even triple the spice sometimes. But this is a very basic chicken salad. Okay, and that's how it looked all done. Perfect creaminess. I love this consistency. Alright, when you're ready to make your sandwiches, I like to use croissant, bakery rolls, always, always, always. Put down some lettuce, some tomatoes, if you like, and then top it with a bunch of chicken salad. Load it up, honey. And as you can get it. Alright, we're done, you guys. Add in a side of, add on a side of grapes, some plain chips, and a cherry lemonade, and you are so good. Thanks for watching, guys. Bye.