 Good day guys, it's a great kitchen time once again. And oh boy, the other day I was at my friends place and I had came this hot article choke. Look, article choke. This hot article, the hot article choke. article choke, I don't know how to say it. Today I'm gonna make you this hot article choke dip. Now I had this the other day straight away I was like, what's the recipe? I need it. And I got it and I'm gonna make a video today so you can make a video next function because it will be the first thing to go. Okay then well let's start cooking. So what you're gonna need for this is a good whole egg mayonnaise. Some 10-door jarred artichokes but not marinated ones just normal ones. Three closer garlic and a cup of grated parmesan cheese. And some of the options are some paprika and a little bit of lemon juice. Now before I start I'm gonna preheat the oven to 200 degrees Celsius whatever that is in Fahrenheit. Okay so we're gonna need about a cup of this mayonnaise so I'm just gonna guess that. That's about a cup probably more. Now the artichoke arts make sure you drain any of the liquid from them and we're gonna just chop them up roughly into fairly small bits or you can even mash them if you like. But you know just doesn't matter really I mean who cares. No one's gonna see it it'll be in their mouth and it'll be chopped up and it'll look pretty much exactly the same anyway. So that's going in the bowl as well. Okay and now to add the garlic. So I've just got my crusher. Oh no who's calling me? Oh it's mum. Oh she's coming over tonight which is why I'm making this. Right that's mum coming over with my nephews so I better keep going with this before they get here and the other bit of garlic. Right done. Wam bam thank you. MAM! Now I'm just gonna add in the half to one cup of palm of some cheese and look I'll just put a little squeeze of lemon in just a tiny bit you don't have to but I just did. Right so now I'm just gonna mix this up like this. Okay now into a bowl we are just gonna put all this mixture. Now just spread that out. And now over the top we're just gonna sprinkle some of the paprika. And now I'm gonna put this in the oven for about 15 to 20 minutes or until it's bubbling. Alrighty then well that was about 15 minutes I think and it's bubbling away still so I'm gonna let that cool down and then I'm gonna try it with a slice of bread. Okay well I'm really excited about this and can't wait to try this dip. Oh looks and smells so good. Oh my god oh boy. Oh holy moly that's so good. Oh wow that was just so good that dip it's just so creamy and oh the flavours are just oh I'm going back to some more but before I do make sure you subscribe. Make sure you find my Facebook page and like it and make sure you watch more of my videos and I'll see you next time right here on Gregg's Kitchen.