 Hi, I'm Brian Knight and I wanted to take a second to talk to you about location. There's a lot of different things you're going to want to think about in fact you're in when you're picking out the location and the perfect location for your new hot tub and some of those things and I'll go through them here but one is usage. This is the main factor and the main thing you're going to want to think about when you're laying out your hot tub is what's your plans for what's your plan usage for this. Is it going to be for socialization? Is it going to be for getting out there and mingling with the friends and having some fun times? Well, if you're doing that, some of the things you might want to consider is looking for a more of an open area to put your hot tub. So that way, even for people who are not in your hot tub, you can still be sitting and they can all be part of the party. You're not excluded from the party just because you're in the hot tub. If you're going to be using it more for therapy, some of the things you might want to consider is more of a private area or more of a excluded area from maybe the actual open area of the house. So you can have some time and relax and enjoy that kind of therapy side of that hot tub. Some of the other things you're going to want to think about as well is making sure that you have nice access to your service compartment down here. So that way, in case something does happen, we have easy access to this and we can make that repair and you go right back to enjoying that hot tub right again. So some of the other things you want to consider is maybe your sun path. If you have an area that has a lot of sun and so on, you want to make sure that you can be comfortable in that hot tub all times a day. So you want to make sure that if you find a nice shady area or something like that, if you're in a maybe a colder climate area, maybe you want to consider building it a little bit closer to the house like this one right here. That way it's an easy path in and out of the house. So in those colder months, it's a still nice, easy shot in and out to your hot tub so you get all that nice enjoyment. Some of the things you want to consider too is the foundation or the platform that your hot tub is going to be sitting on. These things carry a lot of weight. You want to make sure that your deck can hold it. You want to make sure that your roof is on a nice solid concrete platform. That way you don't have any twisting or moving into the actual compartment or on top of the hot tub shell. So that way it'll last you a nice long time. You can have a lifetime tub without any worries of that structure. So and then the last thing I want to suggest is keeping an area where it's easy to keep clean. That way you don't have a nice easy pathway to your hot tub in and out every day. So hopefully all those things will come together for you and you can enjoy your hot tub. Have a great day.