 Hi everyone! So tonight I am making a cheese fondue and I thought it would be fun to kind of show you how I make cheese fondue. Now I am 100% authentic Swiss, this is my Swiss passport and I wanted to kind of show you how my family has been making fondue for years. It's kind of like a family recipe. So this is obviously a very very authentic recipe. So I will show you everything. I'm sorry to finish, so let's get started. So obviously one of the most important things that you're going to need when you're making fondue is a fondue dish. So in Switzerland this is called a gaclom. This is called the caclom and basically it's just a big pot where the cheese is going to be mounted. And I know you can buy electric sets nowadays but I think here a lot of it is still a traditional one. This is like a little thing to place it on. And then you have one of these inserts where there's basically a paste inside. So you can buy this here. It's a flammable paste that just burns very steadily without being like dangerous or anything. And then you put this paste, so I'm going to open up a liter but you put it in here and then you light it. So once it's lit you would put this in here and then you can regulate the heat with these little holes in here as you can see. So you can open it and close it. And also with the set you want to get some forks. I mean you could use regular forks but the fondue forks are longer so that you can stir really well without getting cheese all over your hands. And the next most important thing is obviously the cheese. Now here in Switzerland you can go into any grocery store or any like cheese store and ask for a fondue mix. Basically it's just the cheese that they grate and you want to calculate about 200 grams for each person. It's not great, it's super fine, it's kind of chunky and then we're going to be using this cheese to make the fondue. And you want to use specific types of cheeses. Now Swiss cheese comes in many many varieties. There's no such thing as Swiss cheese. It doesn't exist. I'm going to list the different varieties right now. Some of the more popular blends are Gruyère, Up & Cella, Vachra, M-Ementala. If you live in North America or any other kind of place outside of Europe it might be a little bit harder to find these cheeses so make sure to head up to a really good cheese specialty store. What you want to do is you want to take a clove of garlic and just cut in half. And what you're going to do is you're going to take your fondue dish and you're going to rub the whole inside of that pot or the dish that you're using. So you just really want to rub that kind of garlic juice, kind of the garlic slime all over the pot. And this is going to give a really really good flavor to the cheese. Now we always just leave the little bits of garlic that are left over. I just leave it in there because I personally like the taste of garlic. Next you're going to need some dry white wine. I am using a recycling. So if you're making fondue for two people you want to have about 400 grams of cheese. And for 400 grams of cheese you're going to need about 150 milliliters of white wine. So I'm going to measure that out. And now to this I'm going to add two tablespoons of just regular cornstarch. Just two, sorry not tablespoons, two teaspoons. And also to this you're going to add a little bit of cherry schnups. So the absolute traditional thing is the cherry one. But I personally like to add some pear schnups. But like I said the very traditional thing is cherry. But I personally think that pear goes really well with cheese. And sometimes pears are served along with the fondue. And I'm going to just add maybe two teaspoons. So you've got the cornstarch nice and dissolved with all the liquid so that there's no clumps in here as you can see. And next I'm going to make the bread cubes which you're going to need for dipping up the cheese fondue. So what I like to get is a really nice kind of country bread. It was a nice crust on it. Don't use like toast or stuff like that. You want something that's a little bit more of a solid type of bread. And what you're going to do is you're just going to cut bite-sized cubes out of that. So you don't want to cut it too thin but not too big either. Because the problem is if you cut it too thin then sometimes the bread falls apart. So you should be about this big. So I've got my bread cubes ready. So now I'm going to heat up the liquid in the pot. And this is just right on my element. So it doesn't have to be boiling just a little bit hot. And now I'm going to add the entire cheese. And then you want to put it on a medium heat and just let the cheese melt stirring occasionally. So you don't want the cheese to burn on the bottom or anything like that. And then just start stirring and mixing that up. Now the cheese is almost melted or it's pretty much melted so we can just kind of check the consistency. You can see it should be you know runny but not too runny. I'm just going to add a little bit more wine. It's a little bit too thick for me. Mix it well. Just at the very end I'm going to add a little bit of freshly grated nutmeg because that goes really well with the cheese. And then I think we're ready to eat. I have lit the fondue ré show as you can see the flame is going. I like to serve it with some pears and I also really like cherry tomatoes for dipping. And to drink I'm just serving white wine the same white wine that I used in the fondue. And then to eat it you just take your bread cube, pierce it onto the fork. And then you just swirl. And then it should look like that perfectly cheesy and gooey. It's pretty hot. Mmm. So I hope you guys try out this recipe. You can also get the full recipe with instructions on my website, Mr.Mistjimist.tv, which I will link below. If you like this video please give it a thumbs up. So thank you guys so much for watching and I will see you soon. Bye!