 Taste tours how we all doing Good, good Touring tastes. I don't think this is good. Feeling good? Yeah, well that's good Let's give this Elliot and that's another shot. What do you think? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It wasn't fair It wasn't fair It just wasn't fair. That is good. I mean They have one called Not like a rich and I would like but it's good. It's not great, but it's they have one called Chill wave. I think I would use it. Yeah, I forget what it used to be called, but There's a change the name because some copyright thing But it's pretty good It's funny how it's funny how the more you drink yeah It's funny how the more you drink the less like It's It's funny how the more you drink like when I first tasted this it was definitely like holy shit The more you drink though, it's kind of like Yeah Then you're like oh, I'm feeling this look. Yeah Best out ever. Oh my god. I don't like stouts and that's really good. I mean I like stouts So but not like I'm not crazy But I do the angle She's good at it. He's not sad. It makes my eyes kind of heard after a while I'm literally like down here. Did you watch the No, there when there are nannies back and he zoomed in on my face Eric the whole time he was like oh my god Yeah I got my Virginia license my license Like I'm looking up or something and the angle is like That guy You see you see you live on that high anyway anyway Here's the pay store. Thanks for joining us world the beer. We'll do that All right, we are doing little shooter thingies here. So we've got one of just about every one of them We've got a cool Kalata which is There's a cool Kalata which Daniel has it's a pineapple vodka coconut vodka pineapple juice There's a San Mato's crunch Heather has that fireball and rum chata There's Irish breakfast. That's mine. James and butter Scott Schnaps and orange juice and a duck fart crown loyal Bailey's Irish cream and Kaluah all right. Kukalata it up. All right Taste like a peanut Kalata pretty much they say a big a lot of people out of shop There you go. Kukalata over here. Let's do it. All right, so it's Heather's got probably the most Yeah, cinnamon toast crunch as soon as I sell this on the menu Smell it Cheese it doesn't it doesn't necessarily taste like cinnamon toast crunch, but man It's cinnamon. Yeah, you're just the duck fart Crème Royale Bailey's Irish cream and Kaluah That's pretty good. Yeah, let's see here. It's a little bit That's pretty good What is this one? Oh, that sounds good Kind of smells like butter Scotch Nothing wrong with that It does oh my gosh The orange is seriously made like the black corn juicy drink after you to ban That's pretty I don't know that way that wasn't really set up nice Yeah Thank you Was ain't it? Huh closing come get out of here with the What a woman so yeah, so it was crunch Irish breakfast Kukalata duck fart They so we'll be back Thanks for joining us. They got a lot of stuff here. Perfect stormy. I mean, I'm interested in that the strong very kind of rosca I would like a mixed drink cocktail like we're gonna do some mixed drinks next Taste one will be back. Thank you for joining us. You cocktail next we're gonna do after the mix drinks We're gonna do the two-wheel taste or cigarette edition. We're gonna go outside Yeah, we're gonna buy a pack of cigarettes and we're all gonna smoke Let's do it. Let's do it. We'll be back. We're good