 There you guys thanks for stopping by my YouTube channel, that guy again. In this video I want to go over something that's a huge pet peeve of mine and a couple options and solutions for dealing with it. Pet peeves is these loose straps. I can't stand having all these loose straps. I've got my Moab, 511 Moab 10 and this bag alone has 1, 2, 3, 4, at least right now. Wow, loose webbing tails I guess you might call them, that we're just dangling around and I couldn't take it in the morning. I had to find a better way. So this is what I come up with. I have to plan around with it. Now my 511 Moab 10 has got these kind of elastic keepers on them. The work okay depending on how you use them. I see a lot of guys with this bag. I'll just take these keepers, slide it right down and then good with that. Keeps the cord secured. I guess okay. But you can see right here just by playing around with a little bit. It starts bunching up on you and then you catch it but lifts up more and that's just as much as a annoyance to me as it hang and loosen dangling. What I've seen, one option now if your bag has these or similar you can do this trick. If not I'd say a trick this is actually probably the way it's supposed to be done. I don't really even know. But if your bag has these you can do the same thing. If not I'll show you a couple other options. But what I like to do is take it, well one thing you can do is just take it roll it up. I'm actually going to pull this off so you can see a little bit of it. Take this loose tail, roll it up. Roll it up as far as you'd like and then take this elastic. It's elastic, I just call it a keeper. Elastic web keeper and pull it right up over that. So now you have a nice secured little roll of webbing. It's not dangling, it's not in the way. And that works pretty good, it's not the best way but that works pretty good. I mean you can still get caught, it still pops out on me. So I took a step further. In this way with this bag, well this brand even five lovin' uses these on a lot of their bags. What I found for me to be the best is you get your elastic back on and you want to roll the elastic up in it. I'll show you. Now the first one is the trickiest. You can see I just put the elastic back on, slid it back over how it was originally. My roll, pinch it and roll. The first one is the trickiest. And you want to make sure you get everything nice and flat. Alright, so I got the first one and you could stop there if you want because that's still going to be pretty good. You're going to pull up on you still but you won't have to worry about throwing out as much. But I like to keep rolling it. So keep rolling it, work your elastic. And it's by no means the easiest way to do it but you'll see it's going to be the more secure method and I'll give it one more roll. So we can go, can keep it nice and flat. There you go. So now if you look, the webbing retainer is inside, I'll see the green up a little closer. It's inside the middle of the roll. So it comes out the minute, it doesn't wrap all the way around the top. And that, with for this bag, definitely seems to be the best solution. It's very difficult to unroll. It's very difficult to get a cut on something and it's definitely the most secure way I've got so far. So what do you do if you don't have these little elastic retainers or something similar to that on your bag? Well, you can get some zip ties, you can get black zip ties, some natural bag, you can get white green, red, purple, whatever. Roll it up, zip tie it, good to go. The problem is you have to cut the zip tie off and you risk cutting your webbing or even damaging your bag or whatever else you're working on. So I don't like that myself. You can go online by some web dominators. I think they're about five bucks a piece, roughly. And what it is, it's a plastic, I guess a plastic keeper that you need to roll up in your webbing and there's got a piece of shock cord that you wrap around it and that'll secure it. That's about five bucks, roughly. Or you can get this. This is just something I made. I had some loose paracode kicking around, scrap piece. If you're watching this video, I'd venture to bet that you've got some paracode pie within 10 feet, but it's about an eight inch piece of paracode and then I got cord stop. I think I got a box of four or five of these or something like that at Walmart for under a buck. And what you want to do is take your cord, a loop, stick it through the hole. There you go. Now you can either wrap it up with the elastic, like we did with the elastic, wrap it up and then secure it. Or because you can get this a lot tighter than the elastic comes, you don't have to worry about getting caught as much. I simply just roll it up because this particular webbing doesn't have one of those elastics on it. Roll it up. Take this, feed it through the loop. Oops, I do. Try again, feed it through the loop. It's like so. So wrap it completely around. Just snug it up nice and tight. And then lock it in. And again, you can pull this and get it a lot tighter than you can with the elastics that come in the bag. So you can still get it caught if you do it like this and it still will enrol. It's a lot more difficult to do it though. And if you want, you can cut these tails off or leave them, I like to leave them on. And there are probably a dozen or so other options out there that you'll easily come up in a quick web search on how to do it. Loose webbing on backpacks or pouches or bags or whatever you got. Like I said, it's just how I like to do them. This works really well. This works fantastic doing it like that. I haven't had any problems so far. But I'm not saying my way is the right way, I'm not saying it's the wrong way. It's just a way. If you have a way that you use, you know, put it out down in the comments, we'll try and get some dialogue going. I love the different you guys. Tell me what you think what I'm doing here. Like I say, I don't know if this is the right way, but it's the way that's been working for me. Thanks for watching. That's my pet peeve 101 for this bag. We're just bags in general. Thanks a lot.