 So there's spider mites in this general area. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to harvest the stuff that's ready to harvest. And now we're going to deal with this. We're going to kill these guys. I'll be very careful. Try not to get these plants to grow too much up against me. I'm going to harvest this. I'm going to harvest everything because I'm going to use the name oil. And it's going to get on the food. And it's going to make it taste very gross. I'm going to be very self aware of what I'm doing this. There's some serious webbing going on. At the time, I'm going to get these guys off. And the sucks is that now this is going to have a brilliant deal with this. You see now we have this song. Let's go have it. Fire until you're fine. And it's super alive. Luckily the soil on this plant here is very old and it's super alive. So it's not really killing the plant. It even looks all webbed up. I mean there's parts of it that are sad, but it's alive. I'm going to spray that guy down. I'm going to touch these guys and check it out. See if they're any webbed on it. Yeah, there it is. Let's go back. This guy seems to be affected too much. There is some webbing though. I'm going to do it this time. I'm going to switch up gloves. Bring back a couple of gloves. I'm going to get a run. I like to harvest wherever is harvest for my plant down in the oil. If you spray during the summer months every two weeks alternating between the heat spray and the compost tea spray. You'll pretty much prevent this from even being a possibility. It's not too bad because we have leg swings. So outside it can bounce itself out. If you're going indoors it gets a little bit more complicated. This is a spider mite. There's all kinds of different types of spider mites. They eat plants and they can kill your plants. There are so many products that they make to deal with these guys. Some of them are synthetic. Some of them are organic. Obviously go with the organic solutions. I found this recipe to work. I'm not sure if you guys know it. It's a word for mites, scale, and your bark. This stuff will take care of the three main garden pests. The base of this recipe is meme oil. So we have two different kinds of meme oil right here. What is meme oil? Neme oil is an effective fungus site for the prevention and control of various fungal diseases including powdery milled oil, black spot, downy milled dew, antireknoes, rust, leaf spot, bull tritus, needle rust, scab, scab and flower, twig, tip light. And a terranaria. As a preventive, a plain meme oil on a 7 to 14 day schedule until diseases development is no longer present. You're basically an alternate every week. You want to do this spray and then a compost tea follow up. You don't want this stuff to build up on the leaves of your plant. So the first application that we're going to do here, we're going to use the meme oil. And then 7 days from that, we're going to hit with compost tea. Another 7 days, we're going to hit it with this combo until there's no more mites. We're going to destroy these guys. And we're going to continue doing this basically until they're gone. So this is simple, effective, it's relatively cheap. This stuff also works for powdery milled oil. You can apply it at first sign and pretty much continue the same process of alternating one week IPM. This IPM spray I'm going to show you guys. And then the following week with some compost tea. And the reason you want to do the compost tea is because this stuff will build up on your leaves. And it's not good. So you kind of want to follow it up in between with my microbial spray to keep the plant healthy. And you'll see the difference in your plant. It will be very healthy. So not all meme oil is made this thing. These are two different meme oils. And this one is cold pressed. This is pretty much 100% pure neem oil. This one is made using a alcohol extraction. So right here it says 70% neem oil. You do some of the active compounds when you extract it with alcohol. We're looking for 100% pure cold pressed neem oil. So the main difference between these guys is the way they're processed to get the neem oil. So the hydrofolbic means that the neem oil was made using alcohol extraction. And this process, you're only getting the oil. But now the beneficial chemicals that the neem oil offers. You'll still get the smothering effects of the oil. We're going to be missing the benefit of the as a directin and nimbin. And that's what they have. So this is a more effective neem oil. It's also more expensive. You can find this one at big box stores. And this one's going to be in specialty hydro stores. But they make so many different kinds. Just make sure that it's a cold pressed neem oil. So we're going to use neem oil. And then we're going to use this South Suds. This is Dr. Baudner South Suds. And this is for serious cleaning. Let's see. It has so many good ingredients in here. We have coconut derived ingredient. So it's a great emulsifier. It's a great wedding agent. Once we add it to our solution, great spreader. It's going to help spread the neem oil. It's going to help them ulcerify it. It's also going to help penetrate. If we're trying to kill fungus, natural something on top of this oil. It also has essential oils. It has spruce oil and it has pine needle oil. And that's going to pine needles and spruce oil, essential oil. It's going to help kill the eggs. So this is where I recommend in terms of the soak. We're going to add five to ten drops of these essential oils of each one. This is an ecolictus. Not all these organic. A lot of these would give to me. So the ones that are not organic are done by... And it's interesting because, for example, we have within the same brand. This is the same brand. They'll make an organic, essential oil and organic. The same plant. And you can tell the difference in the size of the bottle. So when I'm making medicinal products, I'm almost exclusively using this stuff. For sour and mesmic. But when I'm using the IPM, I'm going to go with this guy. Because it's going to stretch further and already have it. And people are constantly giving us these essential oils. These brand right here keeps making it to our house for free. So you don't need all these essential oils. What I would do is, if you can't get a couple, go for the peppermint, the clove bud, the rosemary and the tea tree. And we're only going to use about 5 or 10 drops. So what I use is lemon, peppermint, orange, cinnamon, you clip this coriander, tea tree, rosemary, clove bud. That's what we're going to use. You want to use a sprayer that has this kind of nozzle. This is a 365 degree spray nozzle. That means I'm going to be able to get good coverage in a very dead full canopy. If the plants are veggie now, it's real good. And they're very dense. They're going to be able to get good leaf coverage. So you want a good sprayer. You want to label it. I'm using a core in here so it's 32 ounces. And this is warm, warm water. You need warm water for the need oil so it can not emulsify. So we're going to do a 4 teaspoon of the name oil and soap. I think this stuff is like 20 bucks. This is much cheaper. This other guy. And it lasts a long time. I've had this for years and I've used a tiny dent. And then when I figured out the cold process that's better, I invested in this stuff. And I remember this was like around 20 bucks. So now I'm going to do the south side. So that's coconut fatty acid. Great for pan trading. It's a fructing. It's a great spreader sticker. You can use this for a lot of different foliar spray. So that's 1 to 1. Now we start painting in the essential oil in here. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. I'm going to shoot for around 6 of each. 1, 2, 4, 5, 6. The clove. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. I got 7 of that one. The rosemary. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. Coriander. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. I've had this one for years. Specifically, the only reason I got it was for IPN. Integrated test management, the kill bugs. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. And this is the lemon. I'm going to do the wild orange. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. Now we're going to put our top on. And now we're going to shoot it. Okay, kill the bugs. Look at all this webbing. So as you notice, the sun is going down. I waited for the evening. If you're doing this inside in the indoor grill, you want to do it right before the lights turn off. Turn on, I mean, you don't want to do that night. It's going to get, you're going to run to the chance of doing calorie melting. So for inside, you want to do this right before the lights turn on. You want to do it during the light cycle. It's going to hurt your plants and they're going to... It's going to throw everything off. Basically, if they get all hot, they're going to be respirating. So you see that spray? You know, I'm getting up through 60 spray. So what I'm going to do is we're just going to cover this, like, get it all in there, get it all in there. I'm going to tack it really well. I'm going to come back here. I'm going to rub it with my fingers. If it falls off, it's going to float into a slantier. It's going to get super well coverage here. So I'm going to try to get this hoping real quick. So that was really good. If you're indoors too, you want to wear a mask. You can't be bringing this stuff in. It's going to be crazy. And you're going to enjoy yourself. The world side. And I'm at the ticket shop. I'm being covered in my... I'm going to spread it everywhere. My hairy man. I'm going to wash my hands really well. Okay. Okay, so getting a really nice color, coloring everything. I'm going to make sure you get both sides of the leaves. And this is about to flower about to bud out. This is the bunny knot right now. I'm just going to cover it in little flowers. So this is the perfect time to do the color right in time. It's fine if this looks good to the potting mix because there's mites in there. So that's totally fine. You want them in the eye. I would spray it on the potting mix if it didn't get on there. I'm going to just spray the area here. This is what I mean with the good sprayer that does this 360 thing. I can just hold it. And then I'm going to put it on the potting mix. I'm going to put it on the potting mix. I'm going to put it on the potting mix. I can just hold it and get it flat. See this can penetrate the canopy really well. And I'll have to clutch them off because I just been touching the plasma in the back of the mic. So I'm going to just hit it off like this. I'm going to spray this guy on with the fun mix. I'm going to keep the rest of this guy. Oh, the wind is blowing right to me. You can check the camera. Oh, I can't. You can't see the antenna. I can't see them. I know they're there because I've done this a bunch of times. I can take these poles off right away. I can't be walking around all kinds. I'm going to walk myself down from the f***ing thing you say everywhere. I'm going to spray this soil right here. Get these, get the eggs. Okay, get the clutch here. Okay. Okay. Okay. So I'm going to do some more dump. This stuff right here. Normally I would, but this is pretty bad at this stage. And they're in this tiny thing. There we go. You want to have a dedicated sprayer. I'm not going to spray them with compost tea in this guy. I'm going to spray this one because you're going to kill all the microbes. What's the soap and the new one? Okay. I'm going to spray this one. I'm going to spray this one. What are those? Those are the ones that went out. And there's a tiny box. A little tiny box in there. A little tiny box in there. Here's another box that killed the bad bugs. Here's another box that killed the bad bugs. And there's another one that killed the bad bugs that he doesn't like. You're not going to be able to see them. You're not going to be able to see them. You're not going to be able to see them. You weren't being cut spider-mite because... Those are the little bugs that were moving in here. The farm got spider-mites. I'm going to put that in there. Yeah, but the other spider-mites was fine. Yeah, that it is.