 Hey everyone, it's Elizabeth and I have two crochet projects that I'm here to show you. Newman is also here. Thank you. So this first one is a little pet bed that I made. I'm really happy with it, but my cats aren't as happy with it. So that's kind of disappointing. I'll probably rip out some of it and kind of remake it. So the idea was I wanted like a little place where they could go inside and get cozy, you know, it's getting colder outside. So I thought they would like that a lot. Plus I had this like really nice flush yarn that I just had some scraps of it. So I used that up. It's the Bernat blankets yarn. I really like it. I've made a blanket and also a couple pillows, several pillows out of it. So what I did was these are actually, these are both my patterns, which is kind of cool. I just did a single crochet in the round base using one of the colors up and then I went up the sides also with a single crochet using the other color up. And then this top part, this is kind of cool because I offset the opening just because I thought it would look cool. And so how I did that was I did, I worked in the round with this blue and I did single crochets on one side, double crochets on these two sides and triple crochet. I guess that's what it's all on this side. And so the whole thing instead of forming evenly, formed off to the side. And that's how I used up this blue. And then this is not a Bernat, well it might be, but it's not the blanket. It's a little bit of wool is in there. And in my experience cats kind of like the feel of wool. So I thought they would like that. And I just went around the opening to make it a little bit smaller. So the whole cat bed is a little bit too small. Plus I guess, well, I mean this is all they do is just kind of look in there. I'll put like treats and toys in there and they'll just kind of stick their head in and then take it out and leave. But they don't even sit on it or anything. So I think what I'm going to do is take it out down to the blue and then just have it be a little dead. I mean, I might use the blue to, well, we'll see. But they don't like this. And so I'm going to make it into something else. But yeah, this was my own design. I really liked the offset opening that I did. I felt pretty clever. So anyway, that's that. And my second thing is also a pet item. This is a little sweater for my dog Chico. Chico does not like wearing sweaters. However, it's like I said, getting cold, it's going to be in the teens, even in the single digits. When I walk him, you know, at 3.45 AM on some days, because I get to work super early. So on some days, he's not going to have a choice. He's going to have to suck it up and wear a sweater because his mommy says so. So how I did this was I made one piece for the top and then one piece for the chest part here. You can see the seams here, here, here and here. And then at the end, I just went around and did this colorful border. How I designed this was that I took sweaters that I bought that already fit him. And I took the measurements of those sweaters and used those as a guide for making this new one. And then I took what I didn't like about those sweaters and kind of fixed it for this one. So there's three things that I didn't like about those sweaters. The first thing was the placement of the leg holes on those sweaters that I bought, the leg holes were pretty widely spaced. And so what that did was rubbed against Chico's little armpits here and here. And sometimes it did make his skin kind of red and he didn't like that too much. And then it would, since the arm holes would be higher up, this is hard to explain with one hand. They'd be higher up here and would kind of like pull upwards. So my point is they were too wide. I put the leg holes a little bit closer together. That way I wouldn't rub on his little armpits. The second thing was I took this hem here and I brought it up closer to his head because he's a boy. And so when he pees, sometimes it would, well, often it would get on here and then I would have to wash it all the time. So with this, I brought the hem up closer to his head and so hopefully he won't pee on it whenever he goes to the bathroom. And the third thing is the sweaters that I bought were pretty short here and Chico's a little bit longer. He's a mixed breed but yeah, the sweaters that I bought were probably made for shorter dogs than he is. And so I just brought this hem a little bit longer and it's still not quite long enough. And I'll make, I think I'll make more sweaters. Again, he doesn't like wearing them but they're small, they're easy to, well, this one wasn't easy to make because it was a very trial and error sort of thing. But now that I have the pattern down, they'll be easy to make. So yeah, those are the three things that I kind of fixed, the armholes, the length of this hem and the length of this hem. And I took, like I said, I took measurements of the other sweaters and I kind of made like several trial and error ones. This one, I made completely and then I fixed the things that I messed up on. So like this is kind of going up and back down and then I fixed it. So it, you can see this one like has several corners and this one just goes over and down. And also this one is too wide in the chest area. So I made that narrower here and also because I worked in double crochet, it's very stretchy and so it ended up being a little bit too big. So this one I just made a little bit smaller. I'm afraid it's still a tiny bit too small. So when I make another one, I'll make it maybe like one stitch or two stitches bigger. And then something that I did, which I thought was pretty clever, was. So on this one, let me kind of put it sideways to show you. So on here, this length was the right length but then up here it was too long because, you know, the top of his neck is shorter than the bottom of his neck. So what I did in the final one was I used single crochet just from here and up on three rows to kind of bring this together more and then kept these, the rows on this side in double crochet. So it'd be longer along here and shorter along here. So that was a little bit of shaping that I did. And then so I finished it. I made, I feel like I made about four of these in the amount of crocheting that I did and ripping it out and making it again and ripping it out and making it again. But I'm super happy with how it turned out. I like the fall colors that I chose. I definitely want to make like a Christmasy one. Yeah, anyway, those are my two pet projects. And thank you for watching.