 Hi guys, here's today's dinner at the Harry Biker's Cookbook game. Quite like the look of this one. It's never bacon with onion gravy. There you go, does that look nice, don't it? We're going to have it though with mashed potato and peas. We've got lamb's liver, plain flour, tomato ketchup, bacon, cut the onions, ground pepper and sea salt. That's all the ingredients for this. It's a quite a nice easy one. We'll start it off guys and let you have a look how I'm going. Nice I've started to cook it off now for a couple of minutes. I added the liver to two tablespoons of flour, season with salt and ground pepper. We've got a right off now for a couple of minutes. Use a bit of butter and a bit of oil. Just to cook it off. Let's go over both sides. We've cut the minutes just browned it. I've now added the onions and bacon and the remaining flour. I'm just cooking them off. Let's see what it looks lovely. I thought even the animals must think it's lovely. Charlie's here and Rex's here waiting for some. Charlie, he says I'll have some of that for dinner tonight. Alright so I'll carry on guys so they're so it looks at the moment. We're getting there. I've added the liver back to the onion and bacon. 500ml beef stock and two teaspoons of tomato ketchup. I'm just waiting for it to sort of cook now. I'm going to simmer it over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over. What it looks like when it's finished. It's thickened up quite nicely. It has many curses, bit of lamb and sliver, bacon and onion. It looks nice. The proof will be when we have a taste of it in the minute guys. Oh my god, just what I've got is eating her dinner. What did you think to that curse? So let's have your opinion. Don't like the liver. I like the recipe. I don't like the liver. It was quite nice though, weren't it? Yeah, not the liver mate. There you go guys. There's my gorgeous wife giving you the info on the recipe. Do you want something tonight or something? Yes I do. I think it's a better way to lose weight than having low calorie dinners. Oh guys, thanks for watching. Like the video and be back to you tomorrow for another recipe. Bye.