 Hey guys, I wanted to talk about purpline care today and also ferns because the way I've been seeing it ferns in your purpline are really requiring the same exact care. I have a lot of ferns. I brought all of my ferns over into one area, well not all of them, I saw some of my plant room. This is my Boston fern. I've had her for, she's about three years old. My little truffle fern down there. I have a maiden hair fern over here hiding. I can't go root pawn fern. Down here I have a silver lace fern and then I have two ferns. This one is about two years old and that one is, I just got her in like maybe November. And then I have my purplines. I have my little Rosie and she's doing really well since they brought her home. She was in a really bad shape when I got her. My lemon lime purpline, she is gorgeous. She just grows and grows and grows and grows. She's always got new leaves coming out and falling constantly. I have my medallion colletia. I have my little reddle snake colletia. So what I want to talk about today is the care between the ferns and our purplines. Now I have found that they all want the same things. They want warmer tops. They want moisture in their pots and they want moisture in the air. So I guess the first thing that is very important is light. Now this is a west corner. I have one west window. The last few days have been very sunny. I have not had to use my grow light. Today I have to put my grow light on because of this cloudy. It's getting ready to rain and I also have my lamp on for the video. But in the winter we bring our plants in. We've got our heat on. It's dry. And the most important thing for my ferns, I've always had ferns. I've always, I just like ferns. There are a lot easier to take care of than what you would really think. If you just follow a few simple rules. Light, moist soil, humidity. I think it's very important when you have plants in your home that you have a humidifier. I've always had a humidifier for my plants in the house. And they thrive from it. They don't ferns do not like to dry out. I mean when you stop and think about a fern, we'll just go with a silver lace fern. And you know, their stems are very thin and narrow. Their leaves are very thin. They have flow of water through their leaves. They have humidity, rainwater. You think about a per plant or a maranta. They do the same things. They live in the same environment. They live on a forest floor under trees where they're getting dapple light. The soil is usually always at least damp because that heat's not coming through. The forest, the trees. So it's keeping them a little bit cooler in the summertime. It's keeping them a little damper. So you want to remember that. So I have found the cure for the ferns and the per plants exactly the same. Keep your soil moist. Keep humidity in the air. Keep it warm. You should have, honestly, you know, you should have a humidifier in every room of your house that you have plants or any room of your house that you spend a lot of time in. Humidity is great for our plants. Humidity is great for us. It helps keep our skin and our hair in better condition during the winter in those dry houses that we live in in the winter time. Our plants are the same. Yeah, keeping them all grouped together is great. You know, it provides some humidity. But when you have per plants and ferns, and there's a lot of other plants that I could talk about, but I'm not, I'm just kind of sticking into per plants and ferns today. And also another important thing is air movement. Your plants don't want to live in stagnant air. You don't want to live in stagnant air. I mean, yeah, your air moves around when you keep kicks on maybe. You know, but you still want to have a little air movement. Now I do not have, if you look over here, I do not have a ceiling fan in this room. And I have a lot of plants in this room. Now I do have a ceiling fan in my dining room, and I do get a little bit of air that pushes in here, but not much. I see my plants just moving a little bit from that ceiling fan. But it's still not enough. It reaches like these here plants that I have sitting. My bird and a spring goes there. Like I said, I move my plants around. And these plants over here get a little bit of air. But these plants over here in the corner don't get air. And these plants over here don't get air. So I have a little fan over here. It's not a clip fans, just like I think they call it a dust fan or something. But I am going to get another clip fan. Like what I have over here. I'll show you. It's just a clip fan. It has a, mine has a low and a high setting and a off. Ooh, we're getting messed up. I keep that fan on all the time. You know, and like my Boston Fern, she takes a lot of water. And I don't care if it's summer or winter, summer, just phones. The summer out of a Northeastern front porch. She, I have to water her almost every day. She is a big girl. So in the house, I keep this bowl under her. And I keep about an inch of water in that bowl for her at all times. Because she is thirsty. I have found my trouble Fern. And my main hair Fern, that main hair Fern is a Fussy World Fern. Can't grew Pau Fern. She's not fussy at all. You can give her water or don't give her water. She's fine. She seems to deal with that. With the main hair Fern. Cool. You forget the water of that thing, you know, crunch up at a moment. My silver lace Fern, she likes a lot of water. Now my birdnest Ferns, they are different kinds of Ferns. They are thicker, leafed. And they don't need to have as much water as they are more frillier little Ferns. It need to have all the time. Now I take my bigger Ferns and I'll take them in and put them in the bath bath. And give them a drenching shower. Just drench them. As you can see, I mean, I've got all kinds of new little pups coming up, new leaves coming up. That's how the birds nest grow. Now if you get water down in there, you want to make sure that you dump it out. But that is another important reason to have some air flow around your plants. It's going to dry things out better for you. It is going to keep your air from getting stagnant. Now I have a little mist bottle. I just miss. I've heard a lot of people complain me. Well that's not a Fern. That's my blue. But I hear a lot of people complaining that if they miss their pair plants, that they have some kind of a fit and they don't like it, line love it. But that misting problem could be because you don't have any air flow. So the water is laying and laying and laying and laying on your plants. And maybe it's either like riding the leaves or you know, I don't know. But just that little clip thing. Now if you have a ceiling fan in your room, and you keep it going all the time, that will be plenty. I don't have a ceiling fan. So I had to compromise and get me a little clip plant. And it is work great. I feel like the humidifier is your best friend when you have plants for your plants and for you. I keep my, now with this humidifier, I got a lot of Amazon. And it's worked really great for me. I think I'm going into your two or three with this here if you need a fire. I keep it like right now. It's almost out of water. I need to refill it again. But I keep it about on the half setting. And the reason I have this on here, it's just a solo cup that I put a hole in because the top that come with it, whoops, is this here top. And I have wood floors and it was falling. See how it shoots out. It was falling down onto my floor and getting my floor wet. So I just re-rigged it, put this cup on here. So that way it's shooting up. Let me turn it up a little because it is about out of water. But it shoots up. And then my fan catches it and blows it around. So I'm getting humidity all throughout my room. I keep my humidifier or I mean my temperature and humidity gauge right there. So that I know that humidity is getting all throughout this room. And it is with that fan. It's great. I do miss all of my plants. I don't do it every single day. But my friends love it. And I have wall water. So yeah, I get a little bit of, you know, a little bit of like deposits on my plant. But I also, for you, look, for your or feed. I like to use kelp or seaweed as the for your or feed for my house plants. Now I don't do that every time I miss them. I do it with my orchids also. But I got to turn this baby down. But if your plants are growing, I don't care if it's a winner or not. I don't care if your plants are growing, you need to feed them. Like the seaboo blue. She is growing like a little weed. I can't hardly keep up with her. But I feed her. I feed my ferns. I feed my clay thios. And I feed my marrantos because they are growing. I mean, look at all this new growth. Yeah, it's winter, but they're growing. Look at the new leaves on my marrantos. I mean, my medallion. She's got new leaves popping up. She was just tiny when I got her. Just a tiny little thing. My red snake plant was just tiny. And she is just recently losing some of her baby leaves. Like when I got her. And I think that might be another thing that people are spouting. Let me bring her out. But these are all new leaves. I'm sorry. These are all new leaves in here. Just beautiful. But I've had a couple that I've had to pick off that have turned yellow. But I really honestly think that these were the baby leaves. Like when I first got her. And all I do is I don't want the plant to focus on this leaf. I want her to focus on the other leaves and the new leaves coming. So I just go down, pick my leaf that I want the chialine. And, I can't sure with my nail are usually little scissors. I usually just use my nail. Which this plant is really tough. Hold on, let me get my little scissors. Okay, I got my little scissors. I like these little tiny scissors for my plants. But you just want to go down in there. Snip that off. That is the new leaf. See this one here? I think that was a leaf from when I first got her. You can see the ones that I've cut off. But you know, that's normal for any plant. When you first get them, especially like mine were really little. And they have all grown a lot. But you bring them home and they're in a totally different environment. Especially when you're buying plants in the fall and the winter. Especially the winter. You know, they have to get readjusted to a whole new environment from what they were living in. Which is probably more than likely a greenhouse. Where the temperatures were warm and moist and they had great airflow. You know, when you walk into a greenhouse, they have fans everywhere. Airflow, humidity, and light. So if you treat, if you grow ferns, then you have good luck. Treat your prayer plants the same way you do your ferns. Or vice versa. If you have a prayer plant and you have pretty good luck with it. You know, and you want to get a fern. But you've never really had great luck with fern. You want to treat your ferns the same exact way as you would for any of your prayer plants. So that's just my tips. That's what I have found. I've never had any prayer plants before. I've only had my prayer plants for a couple of months. So, you know, but like I said, this one was really tiny when I got her. She has grown like a little weed. This one was really tiny when I got her. She's grown like a little weed. I have not had any issues with this one. This one I have had a few yolling leaves. But I just cut them off. I want my plant to focus on generating new healthy leaves. My one-in-line prayer plant. I have not had any yolling leaves issues with this prayer plant. So she's done pretty good for me. All of my friends, I mean just kind of give them all of the same requirements. And get a humidifier. It will really, really help your plants, all of your plants. And if you don't have an overhead sailing fan, get a little clip on a fan. You can get those off me when you find two. They're not that much. Okay, so those are my tips. I want to keep this short. But I hope you enjoyed it. And if you have any questions, give me a holler. You guys have a great day and I will talk to you later. Bye.