 Welcome to my 2018 Holiday Buffet setup. If you've been with me for a while, you may have seen my seasonal buffets in the past. And if you missed it, I'll provide a link down below in my description box. You guys already know my routine for how I set up my buffets. And you can do this too. Start pulling out your key pieces, be creative, and use pieces that you normally wouldn't use on your buffet. And that's what makes it unique and very different. I'm so excited to do this buffet this year because everything looks so different in my mail over kitchen, the white backdrops makes everything pop. Before I get started, I wanted to thank you all for coming out to my meet and greet at Pier 1. You all were so amazing and so sweet. And it really was emotional for me because I really felt the love. You guys are so wonderful. Thank you so much. I hope to do more in the future. It really was a lot of fun. And the Pier 1 team was just amazing as well. These ladies made it all happen and I'm so very blessed to say the least. Here's a glimpse of what I created at the meet and greet and I'm going to do something similar on my very own buffet. I'm starting with Pineapple Garland that I already had and I'm using it in place of a fabric runner. Next I'm adding my DIY table riser that many of you have seen and placing it in the middle. Next I'm adding a few festive holiday picks into the Pineapple Garland to break up some of the hard edges and add that pop of white makes it a beautiful backdrop. Here's where you release your creative juices on top of the table riser. You can place your food of course. But in my case I'm adding Christmas decor and I'm adding food around it. I've placed this beautiful acrylic deer that I got last year on top of the riser and then I placed two trees. Once I got my placement of how I wanted it I used Museum Putty on the bottom to secure my beauties in place just in case. You already knew this was coming using a teared sand helps with elevating your food and breeze up space for your other dishes that you want to place. If you were at my meet and greet you have seen where I took martini glasses and used them on a teared tray. My plan is to use them for desserts. You can get double duty uses from these beautiful glasses that you can use all around and you can put parfays, cheesecake, fruit, anything you want and it also provides portion control. One thing I know for me I could never have enough cake stands and cake domes like this one it's very special because it's large and wide perfect for when I make my seven layer cakes. Your fanaties are always a great choice to use replacing many tasting goods and you can find them at any home decor store. If you are on my Instagram at Bmyguest with Denise you may have seen where I partnered with TJ Maxx and they wanted me to participate in their Max 50 challenge to see what all I can get for $50 for my buffet and these stands were calling me with the bling on the lid and the silver pedestal any dessert will be a hit on these stands and it just so happens that the stands match my martini glasses perfectly. On the other two counters hot food will be placed in shaping dishes on this side and over by my cooktop on the back side of this island there's still room for food bread and more desserts. These frosted dishes was a part of my Max 50 challenge I set up four for $7.99 and I think they fit the ice cream for my buffet and if you're serving a cold dessert place the dishes in the fridge before serving to keep it cold. The marble churn is on the rise they are so useful I've always wanted a large beautiful lazy season and I finally got one. When my buffet isn't in use I leave it on the island or I'll place it on our kitchen table to serve food or placing condiments on it for now I just added a few Christmas trees I've had them for a few years and my little blingy cake stand with the cake that I made. I've added little touches of Christmas around my kitchen but hanging this drift with decor in the wall where my coffee station used to be. As far as my coffee station you guys may have seen my latest setup, simply easy my canisters were a DIY they were bathroom storage using them for cotton balls and q-tips and I added decorative knobs on the top and my thrifted salt shaker that has cinnamon inside and the other container has cocoa. I grabbed some seasonal coffee while at TG Maxx they have the best gourmet foods by the way maple nut crunch and french almond macaron and ground coffee and I added some chocolates chocolate lovers who love chocolate will appreciate this and some Christmas shortbread cookies to go with their coffee. Why buy more Christmas decor when you can add Christmas touches to your existing kitchen decor and that's what I did using this black velvet ribbon with rhinestones on the edges. Reuse what you love just use it in a different way it will save you time from shopping and overspending. I've been doing buffets for years and I've always focused my party decor around the dessert or buffets station and if you're anything like me and you love your guests to feel extra special especially around the holidays take the time to add special touches with great food presentation and styling they may forget what they eat but they will never forget the decor and how special they felt at your home so I hope you all have enjoyed today's video and I want to thank you all for watching.