 Hey cookies! Today I'm going to teach you how to make my easy and pretty quick chicken spaghetti. Let's cook. Alright, you know I always start with chicken. You can use any part of the chicken you want, even the whole bird. If you prefer, I'm using two chicken thighs and two legs and I'm going to season them as usual, how I normally season chicken, but make sure you add in cumin. Now at the stove, I'm going to add in some peppers, onion and celery, because we're going to boil this chicken until it falls off the bone. So that's what I'm going to do, just adding some water and we're going to boil it, let it take its time. My chicken is done and it's falling off the bone. You see that honey? So we're going to save that water and add in some thin spaghetti. I'm using one pound. I use that same water and once it's done, go ahead and drain it and put it to the side. Now I have some chopped onions, bell peppers and a little bit of celery. I'm going to saute that in that same pot with a little bit of butter. And I saute them for about five minutes to make sure they're good and tender. Next, one can of rotel and make sure you drain them well, add it in. Now to soup, two creme of chicken and one creme of mushroom, add it in. Now some milk, want to know how much? Click that link in my description box, the full recipe will be there. And of course I have to taste it and adjust the seasoning as some cajun spices you know. You all know what I do. And here's some shredded American cheese. Grab those noodles and toss them in now. Using this tongue makes it a lot easier. Because stirring with that spoon, it's kind of tough. And once my chicken cooled, I plucked it off the bone and I'm going to add that in now. Stir it well. Time to bake. I have my oven set at 350 degrees. So I'm going to pour this into my greased baking dish. Now on sprinkling on some Kobe and Monterey Jack cheese. Get it on there evenly. Now we're going to bake uncovered for 10 to 15 minutes. Just a melt that cheese. Let's go. And then, shall, look at that. Ain't nobody going to be mad about the devil. Serve it up with some peas or some green beans or salad. You got yourself a quick meal and it is delicious. So thank you guys. As always for watching, check that link in the description box for the full recipe. I got to eat. We'll chat later babes. Be blessed. Bye.