 Hi everyone, thank you for watching this video on my YouTube channel. Today I'm gonna show you mini chocolate fountain that I bought on AliExpress. You probably ask yourself who buys this kind of thing. I think that everyone should have one. So this is the outside box that it came with. It's very nice, not something special. It just shows exactly what's inside. The measurements, as you can see less than 24 centimeters height and wide it's about 15 centimeters. So this is the outside box. Now it came in this package which is very nice because it kept very well over the product itself. You can see that it's very soft. So I guess it's supposed to work when I'm gonna use it. Now let's check what's inside the box. Okay so inside the box we're gonna find three different parts which assemble the chocolate fountain. The big one, it's the base of the fountain. It has motor inside. It looks like a plant. It has two buttons. One is for the motor on and off and the other one is to hit the chocolate. The second one looks like a trailer. It sits right over here. Very easy to plug it. And the third one it's the fountain itself. It's right over here and voila the chocolate fountain is ready to use. Now I'm gonna show you that it works. I'm gonna press the more button. It rotates as you look at it you realize how it works. You know comes from here the chocolate over here. It spills and that's it. I'm not gonna use real chocolate this time because if I do that I have to clean the machine and I don't want to clean it right now so please forgive me. Also inside the box you're gonna find English manual which is very easy to read. I don't think it's rocket science to use this machine and overall it looks very nice. The only thing I recommend you is to use quality chocolate in order to really enjoy that. And another thing which comes to mind is not to eat so much chocolate because then you have to buy something from Alex press to do sports. Okay so I hope you like this video and see you soon bye bye.