 Hi guys, welcome back to my channel. Head Chef Mom, I'm Kendall Lawrence, and I'm so happy that you're here with me again today. And today, what we're going to do is some awesome easy side dish. We're going to do some glazed roasted carrots. So easy, so delicious. So come on, let's take a look at our ingredients. Okay, so here are our ingredients. I have a pound of baby carrots. I have some butter. I'm going to use about three tablespoons of that. I've got a tablespoon and a quarter of brown sugar. I've got some balsamic vinegar, some olive oil, pepper, salt, and orange. We'll use half the juice of this orange and some parsley. So let's start putting this together. So I've got my carrot carrots rinsed off, and I'm going to put in two tablespoons of balsamic vinegar and two tablespoons of olive oil and salt and pepper to taste. And I'm going to give this a toss. And after I toss it, I'm going to put it in the oven on a lined baking sheet. And I'm going to always have so much trouble with this salt deal. But anyway, I'm going to put the salt in it to taste. Then I'm going to put it in the oven on 350 for 20 minutes. After 20 minutes, I'm going to turn the carrots over and go another 20 minutes, and then we'll come back. Okay. So it's been 20 minutes, and I'm just going to give the carrots a toss. And I'm going to put them back in the oven for another 20 minutes, and then we'll come back and finish up with the sauce. Taking my carrots out of the oven, and in the same bowl that I used that I mixed my carrots up in, I didn't even wash it. I'm going to add my brown sugar, three tablespoons of butter, and the juice of half an orange. And I'm going to stick this in the microwave for one minute and be right back. Okay. So I've got my butter and my orange juice and my sugar all done up in here. And now I'm just going to take my carrots and dump them right in. And then toss them around and add a little bit of parsley, plain them up and taste them. So here are our beautiful glaze roasted carrots. These things are phenomenal. I've eaten them several times. I'm going to taste one for you. Amazing. The hand of sweetness from that tablespoon and a quarter of brown sugar, the orange juice, even people who don't like carrots will eat these carrots. The butteriness. Beautiful. Hey guys, comment, like, subscribe, share, and go feed your family. Bye bye.