 There it is there. Let's cut to how it was at the start of the video. Here we have a headlight which is indeed need up some attention and that's how it is now. So I'd say it's not a bad product. I think it's pretty good. These were really terrible in the headlight. Hey how is everyone. Today something a bit different. I was in my local paint shop. I noticed this was for sale. It's a new white new headlight restore. I thought I'd pick this up, give it a try. I've never used it before. It comes with everything you need. So we're going to see if this product actually works. It's $25, so it's pretty expensive. Let's just crack it open and see if it actually works. There's nothing else in the box. I just need to get a wipe some instructions. I'm not sure how clear that is. Well, here's the kit. It comes with one precision wipe it infused with white new one professional lens polishing pad, one pair of gloves and one microfiber towel. Here's the polishing kit. Here's the gloves. Here's the towel. Let's get these gloves on. So I'll be really surprised if I'll be really satisfied actually if we can get these up to brand new. This is what it says. Let's say actually with a lens like this you can actually file an inspection. So that wouldn't be good. Let's see what we have to do. Okay, it's ready to be cleaned. It's pretty clean. Not really. But we're just going to skip the cleaning bit. To determine whether you need this, you're going to pour water onto your headlight and the way the lens looks when it's wet is the way it will appear once it's treated with white new. If the lens appears crystal clear when wet, it's hazy when dry, then you do not need to use the lens polishing pad. Well, we're going to use it. Alright, so we're going to wet the headlight lens with water and use the green side of the lens polishing pad to wet the headlight. We're going to wet it and use that. Alright, let's wet it. We'll give it a scrub. It's only doing in one direction, they say. Make sure the lens is wet. Pretty wet. You can see the off-station coming off the lens will appear brownish, but share this true. Do not let it go into the paint. Get a bit more water on there. Not sure how long it meant to do it, but we want to give it a good one. And then use the grey as well. Use the grey side. Alright, that's what we're going to do. We're going to wet it. Get a bit more water clean. 100 cents dry. Alright, so we're meant to prep both at the same time, so we're just going to prep the other one. So, yeah, pick this up at my local paint shop for $25. If it works, it's worth it. If not, it's not. Give that a little wash off. So, we're meant to get them both ready at the same time. Once again, give it a good wipe. Still looks foggy. I'm going to give that a good scrub. Make sure it's definitely not me. This one's still not that good, so what I'm going to do, I'm going to give it another good scrub. Once again, let's scrub. Alright, wet them both. Alright, now we're going to get a full dry. Let's put it work. Give me out here, making a video, spending $25 for no reason. Some say that toothpaste also works, which would be a lot cheaper. So, comment below if you know of anything else that works. So, you can help out other people in this video who are looking to make their headlights clear again and restore them. Alright, so, for this next part, put on a gloves. Sure, you're in a well ventilated area. The headlights are completely dry. They're ready to apply at the same time. Make sure your wipe it before this gets dry. Just hold the wipe it. Who would smell? What the lens one time? I'm sure it's got some kind of chemicals in it and then it's got some kind of fragrance as well. What I have to say, already I can see that it works quite well. Really well. Give that a bit more of a wipe, that's good. That works well. So, there it is. I must say it looks clearer and it's taken a lot of that yellowing away. So, there it is there. Let's cut to how it was at the start of the video. Here we have a headlight which is indeed in need of some attention. And that's how it is now. So, I'd say it's not a bad product. I'm sure what's in it. Definitely got fragrances in it. But check it out. See if we can see it for yourself. I think it goes pretty good. These were really terrible these headlamps. I think it's a pretty good product. It definitely does the job. What do you think? It's watching. Share, like and subscribe to my channel. I do a couple of videos every week. And see you next time. Peace. Peace.