 Hi guys, I'm Laura Vitale and on this episode of Laura in the Kitchen I'm going to show you how to make a wonderful hot drink my white chocolate mocha. It's easy and simple, requires just four ingredients which are some heavy cream, whole milk, and good quality white chocolate and some strong brood coffee. That's it. Now I know this recipe is very simple and I did debate whether I should share this recipe with you or not, but I figure since this is such a craze in all over fancy coffee shops I figured I'd share with you my version that I make at home because I don't have a fancy coffee shop anywhere around me so this is what I make whenever I want some white chocolate hot mocha and this is how simple it is. I'm going to put in my cream and milk and then wait for that to come to a very gentle boil. In the meantime I'm just taking my white chocolate and I just chopped some small little pieces and then putting that in this container and I'm going to leave that there and wait for that to come to a slight boil and I'll show you the next step. My milk mixture is ready so I'm just going to pour it over my chocolate and I'm just going to let that sit there for a few minutes. I'm not going to do anything else to it. I'm just going to let it sit there for three minutes and then we'll move on to the next step which is pretty much kind of putting the whole thing together. That should be ready. I'm just going to give this a whisk because that should melt the chocolate really, really easy and you could sweeten this up with some sugar if you wanted to. I'm not going to because I think that white chocolate does provide a nice bit of sweetness as it is. So this is how easy it is. Just pour some, I pour about halfway up my mug and then I continue halfway up with my coffee. Now this makes a great hot drink all year long but if you want to feel a little bit festive and if you want to feel a little more in the holiday spirit this is what you do. You take a candy cane on rapid obviously. A couple of marshmallows because one fine, two is better. Put them right on there and that can be a stir and it adds flavor obviously it's going to add sweetness from the marshmallow and a little bit of that mint kind of goes through it and it's fantastic. You've got to just try it. Look at that. It starts to melt it and you could also top this with a bunch of marshmallows if you wanted to but I'm going to give this a try. That is so, so good and I'm making a mess. That's great. It's my house, my kitchen, my master clean. I hope that you do give this a try because it is really really good. It's really easy to do. It's in green so you might already have one hand and this is a really cool trick. That's really good. Wow. Mmm. Go to the line and you should have a hand with the recipe. Make yourself a cup. Enjoy with a nice movie and I'll see you guys next time. Bye bye.