 Hi, my name is Cameron Boag. Earl's beverage director and today I'm going to make for you the most popular drink in Canada, the Caesar. When creating our signature Caesar, I wanted to stay as true to the traditional flavors as possible. We didn't want to make a Greek Caesar, didn't want to make a German Caesar, not a Mexican, or a Thai, just the best Canadian Caesar we possibly could. So we're doing that by elevating all the traditional flavors with a bit of a kick, a bit more of a boldness to them. So we're starting with a mason jar that we've rinsed with celery salt, black pepper, roasted garlic, and roasted red peppers. We're going to pack this glass full of ice to properly chill the drink itself, before adding the magic's part. This is our secret sauce that makes our drinks so unique. In here we have a mixture of warchester, HP, we also have some soy sauce, whole green and red and Tabasco, as well as a little bit of pickle brine, which adds a bit of brightness in the city to the drink. On top of that there's three more secret ingredients that I can't quite tell you right now. So we'll add our spice mix before adding one more ounce of Smirnaf Bodka. Smirnaf is the perfect vodka for this extremely neutral, has the backbone to stand up to the drink itself. Finally we will add our Cometo. And we always add Cometo that's out of the bottle itself, opposed using anything off of a gun that the mix could not be cracked to be too sweet or maybe a little bit under-deluted. Next we're going to do the most important part is just stir everything. You notice all of our spice mix is settled on the bottom of the drink. We want to make sure we get underneath there and stir it thoroughly so it's completely consistent and you're not just getting a mouthful of our spice mix. Next we're going to add a straw, and now to the best part, the garnishes. So we're going to start by putting on the traditional lime wedge. For the snacks though we're going to add a wedge of pickle and then a piece of beef jerky. This beef jerky is the coolest part of the whole drink. It's been made for us by a local beef jerky purveyor, and it's super neat because it incorporates all the same spices that we've used in the Caesar itself. So it compliments and rounds out the entire drink. Here you have Earl's signature Caesar, perhaps the best Caesar in Canada. Cheers!