 We will introduce you to the Japanese Mandolin Ben-Riener. Operating Ben-Riener is so easy, just turn the screw to adjust the level of the cutting surface. Ben-Riener comes with a finger guard for your protection. You can use these three types of interchangeable blades, a fine blade, medium blade and of course blade as you like. Placing the interchangeable blade is easy, insert the blade from the back and tighten the screw. Now, let us introduce you to a garnishing sample using the fine blade. Radishes or carrots can be sliced as thin as 1mm. It gives a delicate look to your dish. Next, is a sample using the medium blade. You can slice cucumbers or carrots within a second. With Ben-Riener, making sandwiches is so easy. Next, are the samples using the coarse blade. With Ben-Riener, you can make beautiful and identical slices. A chunky salad is ready in minutes with Ben-Riener like this. With our coarse blade, making fried potatoes is easy. For chopped onion, cut both ends of the onion and slice it on the coarse blade. Ben-Riener can make chopped onions instantly. Our smooth blade cuts very well. You can use Ben-Riener with only the smooth blade if you remove the interchangeable blade. The smooth blade can cut radish into paper thin slices like this. Slice the apple as you like. Apple chips or apple pie is easy to make. Beaker vegetable, such as cabbage, should be cut in half before slicing. Cabbage salad is ready in a minute. Potato slices are beautifully cut like this. Ben-Riener gives your dish a professional meal. We also have Ben-Riener with a catch-treat. The catch-treat comes with a grater. With Ben-Riener, you can cut various fresh vegetables or fruits quickly and beautifully. It makes your cooking even more fun. Ben-Riener is a must-have in your kitchen. Ben-Riener is made in Japan. Ben-Riener is a very good dish. You can use a large bowl of Ben-Riener. We would like to introduce you to our Jembo Ben-Riener. Ben-Riener, Jembo Ben-Riener can slice small to even larger vegetables. You can control the thickness of the cut as you like, as thin as 0.3 millimeters and as thick as 8 millimeters. Jembo Ben-Riener comes with a finger guard for your safety. Its blade cuts very well. Radishes are now turned into very thin slices like this. Larger vegetables, such as cabbage, should be cut in half before slicing. With Jembo Ben-Riener, salad making is now fun and easy. Here is Super Ben-Riener. Super Ben-Riener is a larger size than our Ben-Riener. Super Ben-Riener also has interchangeable blades. It also comes with a finger guard for your safety. You can control the thickness of vegetables by turning the spoons on the back. Here is some thick slices of potatoes. Same for zucchini. Now your cooking preparation is so quick and easy. Red paprika is cut easily and beautifully. Lemon slices are done within a few seconds. Super Ben-Riener will make your cooking so fun. Super Ben-Riener comes with three interchangeable blades. You can use a fine blade, medium blade and coarse blade as you like. Setting the interchangeable blade is easy. Just insert the blade and tighten it with screws. Here are the sample dishes using our fine blade. With the fine blade, you can make beautiful thin slices of vegetables. This oriental style dish is decorated with beautiful vegetable garnish. Now let's try the medium blade. With our Super Ben-Riener, time consuming cooking preparation is easy and fun. Vegetable fry is made easy at home. Lastly, we will present a dish sample using our coarse blade. Make some thick cuts of zucchini. It's so easy to cut hard carrots with Super Ben-Riener. Here we have stir fry vegetables. Cut both ends of the onions. Here's how to make chopped onion instantly. Chop onion is ready in seconds. Chefs all over the world love our Super Ben-Riener. Super Ben-Riener can handle all kinds of vegetables. We guarantee you will love it. Super Ben-Riener is made in Japan. Super Ben-Riener cannot meanwhile can fight another Baku'sленce with...... The juice of vegetable ... May of thee next week will be the apparent final result of our sore throat. The idea of mixing the vegetable before vino is much better ... Now master it! This is appetizing and fresh ... For that, it is too secret to hammerbeard. With pret ус and beer!