 Hello, I like to make today Deadpool chimichangas. What we need for this recipe? First of all, we need a soft toothpick in water. We need one pound of ground beef or 450g. You can use a beef or you can use chicken, it's up to you. Chimichangas can be also vegetarian, I just simply skip it the meat and make it cheesy type of chimichangas. So we have six tablespoons of tomato paste, one medium onion, chopped, two cloves of garlic, a means, one teaspoon of cumin and one teaspoon of oregano. Follow by half a teaspoon of celery salt, half a teaspoon, just a plain regular salt, one cup of moderate jack cheese, it's hot cheese if you like it to have less hot just extra with less hot type of cheese and we need eight flour, 30 less, about seven to eight inches. So first of all, we need purple-boiling oil, so we need a place in the deep frying pan with about one inch deep. It's about 2.5 centimeters deep. So I'll place it to heat enough, this oil and we start cooking. So, well oil is heating up for frying. What we do is we prepare our beef. So we prepare another frying pan, we heat it up another frying pan. So we heat it up a frying pan, we just simply place a ground beef, still until it's nicely brown. And what we do is mix, we add a little onion and garlic. Once meat is browned, we need to drain all these delicious juices. You simply flip it off for a little bit. Once all juices are drained, we add tomato paste, salt, red pepper, and oregano. Mix it all together. Incorporate it and we start to fill up our tortillas. For this recipe we need eight tortillas. So, we're ready now to fill up tortillas. So what we do, basically, now is we topped with one eight-half a mixture because we have eight burritos. Well, it's all glad burrito, basically, eight tortillas. Top with moderate jack cheese. And what we do is we just fold as you do burritos, same way. Take a soaked in water to speak and connect edges together. Nice and secure. So now they're done. And what we do is oil is ready. Now we will fry on each side for about three, four minutes. When it's nice and brown, we just simply place it on a plate. This one is cooked. Now, as you can see, it's beautiful and brown. We just simply place it on a plate. Once you finish, simply serve chimichangas, basically on a plate of lettuce with a nice and spicy sauce and some sour cream on top. You can have them this way or you can just simply enjoy them just as it is. Zarelelele test them. Thank you very much for your time with me today and we will be in the description. A box enjoyed. Until next time, goodbye.