 What we're preparing here is a piece of braised beef. This is a top side, it's been trimmed or fact, sinew. What we're going to do now is tie it to a whole shape while it's braising. So again, into the centre, a slipknot. Secure that knot, then back to the end. Trim off at the excess string. What we have here is a beautifully rolled piece of top side. What we have here is a beautifully rolled piece of top side. What we have here is a beautifully rolled piece of top side. I'm going to season it well with salt and pepper. Next time to seal the meat. Hot pan's little oil. We're going to cook a nice coloured outside. The colouring in the browning of this meat is called the Maia reaction. The Maia reaction will afford some of the roasted juices, this real meaty deep flavour, into the braised finish dish. The Maia reaction is probably one of the most complex reactions we know about food. The reason one clear thing that we do know is that 140 degrees, as when the roasted flavours start to be released from the meat. So effectively, you could brown meat below the 140, but it will just taste like boiled meat. You need to heat this 140 degree temperature to initiate this roasted flavour. As you can see, we've finished browning the meat in the same pan. We've browned the sliced vegetables. They go into the bottom of the casserole dish. And then topped with the beef. Some stock, which has come about a third the way up the meat. And then just a couple of half tablespoons of tomato puree and a bouquet garni. Now I'm going to slowly work in the tomato puree. Bring that to a boil and place the lid on. As you can see, that's come into a simmer now. Put the lid on. Place in the oven. This is the braised beef. It's been in the oven now for about an hour and a half. So the next stage is to remove the joint, pop it onto a small salver. Add the julienne or demiglès. Back to the centre of the stove. So now the braising liquor's come up to the boil. Replace the meat. Back on with the lid. In the oven now for approximately two to two and a half hours. Now the braised beef's come out of the oven. It's been in the oven now. It's over for about three and a half, three hours, 45 minutes. So what we're doing now is we're allowing it to rest. Passing off the cooking liquor. So the chinoa. That gets returned to the stove. Just to come down, enhance the flavour. We've pasted the braising liquor. We've used it down. Check the seasoning. Slice the braised joint. Now we're just going to nap a little bit over. Beautiful sauce. This can be served with some braised root vegetables. Mash the potato with a good winter hearty dish. It's very big.