 Hi guys, this is Grandma Cheap Cheap and welcome back to my vintage kitchen. In this episode I am going to just demonstrate how I make liver and brown onion gravy. I love liver and onions, I know that it is an acquired taste. Some of you may, some of you may not know what to do with it, may not like it, but this is the way that I was taught. First of all, calf liver is the liver of choice when I am making beef liver. We also love chicken liver, it is the same method I use, but for beef liver, get the calf liver. If you also can get it sliced, skinned and devained, I remember having really tough liver at one time at home, as I said, my mom was a much of a cook, but my dad was. It had veins in it and so forth. With technology now, you can get it skinned, devained and ready to use. Here I have a, I think it is a pound, yes, one pound of sliced calf liver. I washed it, of course washed all the bloodiness off of it, sorry, it is what it is, but I put it in a pan and now I am just going to pour some milk over it. It is just a cup of rent, not very much what was that, maybe a half a cup, and I will let this sit for about half an hour. Okay guys, in this cast iron pan, I have two tablespoons of butter and two tablespoons of wet and oil, and I am just going to let that melt. I have my liver that has, that in the milk and I am going to dredge it in flour and the flour has no salt and pepper, it is just plain flour. And I will be adding this to the pan. I guess you don't need to see me doing every piece of flour. So when I get it all floured up, I will be right back with you. So it is saltier, liver and milk. Dredge it with flour, let it stand for about a half hour. Dredge it with flour, then we are going to put it in our skillet and flip it until it is done. That is a beautiful brown. Okay, while this side is browning, I am going to go ahead and cut up my onion. Okay, I am going to take it out of the pan now and prepare it to make the gravy. I have cut my onions up in half moon slices and it is about 1 half of a big onion. So this is the scraping and I think I need more butter, which is about tablespoon of butter and about a tablespoon of Western oil. Maybe two. Just giving you the way to fix it and I measure almost nothing. Okay, now here is our onion and I like them. You can chop them if you want. However you like your onion, but I am going to keep them in half moon, tight shape and we will left that wilt. So salt and pepper is not going to over season. I will have seasoning in my mashed potatoes and I will have salt and pepper in my mixed sauce as well. We are cutting down on salt so we cut down on salt. Okay, I am going to left that wilt down. So after a few minutes I will come back. Alright guys, this is about the way that I want my onions to look, have a little brown color on them. Now in the center I am going to add some all-purpose flour and that is about maybe a fourth of a cup. But I want this to brown. Not like chocolate brown but to brown brown. You also want to cook the raw taste from the flour so you need it brown. I will attach a video that I made long, long time ago about making your vegetable stock. And if you have any stock which I always have in the refrigerator and this is vegetable stock, I am going to, maybe it is not chicken stock. But I am going to use it. It gives you an added depth of flavor. And I am going to put enough in to cover my onion. And I change my mind. I will salt and pepper it again. A little salt and pepper to taste. And I love pepper. I will let this thicken up and as you can see it is thickening now. Maybe add a little bit more stock. So I will add onions. The gravy is getting too thick. I am going to put a lid on it. Turn it down a little bit. And while I make my mashed potatoes, this will be thickening up. I will add my cooked liver in the gravy and onion. And we will be ready to eat. I will see you in a little while. Okay guys, here is my liver and onions with brown onion gravy. Very simple to make, very delicious. I am sorry about the choppiness of this film, but I did want to share. Please rate, comment and subscribe. Until the next time, be blessed.