 Hello and welcome to Rajshifu. In this episode I am doing a very nice chaat recipe called the Veil Puri. This is a very famous evening snack loved all over India. So let's take a look at the ingredients. Three cups, puffed rice or kurbura, two boiled potatoes, chopped, one tomato, decedent and chopped, one onion finely chopped, coriander leaves, salt, lemon, raw mango finely chopped, red chilli powder, date and tamarind chutney and coriander mint chutney, few saipuri puris and saip. All these ingredients for Veil are generally available in all the Indian stores. Just in case you don't find the puri, you can use cracker biscuits or you can also just fry some tortillas and just break them into your veil. First I am going to heat up some puffed rice in a pan, no oil nothing, just plain puffed rice or kurbura and just keep stirring it for 2 minutes so they become nice and crunchy. The puffed rice has also changed in color a little bit and I am going to remove this from this hot pan. Let the puffed rice or kurbura cool down completely and then store it in a airtight container and you can store it for at least 15-20 days. This recipe is all about getting all the ingredients from your pantry and mixing everything together. So let's do that. So my puffed rice or my kurbura goes in, I am going to put in all my drying ingredients first, saip, puri. I am just going to break it into small pieces, some chopped onions, some chopped potatoes, coriander leaves, red chilli powder to taste, salt, just a little bit because the chutneys also have some salt, lime juice. I have used 2 kinds of chutneys, the coriander mint chutney and the date and tamarind chutney. They are a little thick so I am just going to add a little bit of water and dilute them because it needs to coat the puffed rice properly and just a little bit of salt since I have added some water and I am just going to mix this well. If you like the flavour of garlic in your pan, you can always add 1 clove of garlic in this chutney while grinding it. So it has to be this consistency. Let's add the date and tamarind chutney and the coriander mint chutney. Let's mix everything well. Don't add too much chutney from the beginning. Just add as much as you need that it coats all the puffed rice or the kurmura well. I am going to need a little more. The taste of the oil and all the flavourings that you add in is a very personal choice. So it's up to you whether you like it sweet, you like it spicy so it can alter it to your taste. So let's plate it but you have to serve this immediately because otherwise it's going to go soggy very quickly. I am going to garnish it with a little more of this same, crushed a couple of pudis, some chopped tomatoes, a little bit of coriander leaves and I have some raw mango. It's optional if you have it you can add some, it gives you a nice tiny taste and again a nice squeeze of some lemon juice. There are no rules to this recipe. You can always add anything that's handy like if you have pomegranate, you have cucumber, anything that you have you can just throw it in and mix it and enjoy it. See you next time and don't forget to subscribe. Take care, bye bye.