 Welcome to the video channel of Shakti Karola Navrin, who is an expert in the field of healing gemstones. She is a published author as well as the creator of the gemstone profile based on your horoscope. Welcome, this is Shakti, your online astrologer in gemstone lover. I have been an astrologer for 35 years now and a jeweler for 33 years. And all my life I kind of try to bring those two passions together and did pretty interesting things. So today I want to concentrate to teach you how you can clean and agetically crystal or gemstone you're working with. You might want to do the same when you buy a piece of jewelry. So gemstones and especially crystals you can imagine like empty pockets. So they pick up all kinds of frequencies and energies and sword forms and caries. So whenever you buy a crystal or a piece of jewelry you want to make sure that you clean the slate so to speak. So how you do that if you have a crystal, this is a beautiful double terminator. So what you do, you place it between your two hands. So in all hands we have a plus and a minus pole. So we're using this by interrupting the energy flow which is flowing now between the plus and the minus through the gemstone. So what I'm doing I interrupted flow and by that I will be clearing the energies out of the stone. Part of it is I'm doing it with my breath and the other part is that I focus on clearing it out. So I do it by pushing out the breath very strongly out of my nose like three times and that's a most simple way to clear something. If you have a piece of jewelry you want to clear you can put it in one hand, put your other hand over it which creates the same energy flow between plus and minus again and you do the same. It must look really funny but this is how you do it. So then of course there are other ways you can choose the energies, the cosmic energies to do that. So if you have a bigger piece like a crystal you could bury it into the ground for a while especially good to do under the form because this is when the energy of the earth is coming to the surface. You can clear it with salt water. This is a little bit tricky one. It's recommended in a lot of the literature but the thing is that salt water can be very aggressive so you don't want to have a ball and put your upper or your precious gemstones into that and let it lay there for a week because it will eat away at your precious gemstone and you don't want that. I mean I live in Maui, Hawaii close to the ocean but I think it's a little risky to take your favorite gemstones down to the beach and hold it into the water even if it might be a wonderful way to to clear the energies. So if I would want to use water I would just hold it under the tap water. It's running water, it's going to clear the energies even if it's not as fancy as bringing it down to the ocean. So we have water, we had air, fire, you could light a candle and bring the crystal or the gemstones, a piece of jewelry fast through the top of the flame. You could use incense. That's a nice way to do it. Like a smoke stick, sage stick is wonderful to clear energies and so we have earth, we have fire, we have water, we have air, so here we covered it off. So these are the basic ways to do it. I think the most important part is really your intention, your intention to clear out the energies and then they're open and receptive for you to put in programming. Well if you like my presentation make sure you sign up there for subscription so you get automatically informed when I bring up new videos. I have a main channel, Shaktikorela Neveran, where I'm working with astrology but also there are going to be some videos about the connection between astrology and healing gems and how you can use healing gems to balance different areas of challenge and friction in your chart. But on this channel I'm going to concentrate on the mysterious world of gemstones and different ways how to can use crystals and gemstones. I have developed a program called the Gemstone Profile where you can put in your astrologic and then you get your main healing stones based on all the different planet positions in your chart. So you might want to check that out if you're a gemstone lover that's next step. So you can go to my astrology site, Mauiastrologyreading.com and this is where you can find gemstone profile and a little bit more information about healing gemstones metaphysical qualities of gemstones and so on. So thank you for joining and hanging out with me. I hope you enjoyed it and subscribe so you don't miss the next videos about how you program crystals and all the specific things we can do. So see you soon. Aloha as we say here on Maui.