 Hey everyone, it's Shan here and I'm here to do another video for you guys. I'm very much requested one. It's going to be on my Spheron bebe on the straps I had made. I'll be comparing the original and the custom strap because I know a lot of people have a lot of questions, a lot of you are asking how long did I get it, how I chose it, what's the difference between the custom and the original straps. So I figured I would show you and kind of explain to you my process and how the straps are and highlight them. So let's get started. I should go ahead and introduce you this different straps that I got. So whenever you're looking at the Spheron bebe original strap, as you can see here, since it has the little holes to adjust it, this is considered an adjustable strap. And this is what the original one looks like so you can make it longer and shorter. Whereas my M-Craft strap has no adjustable holes, it just comes at a custom length. So this is considered a non-adjustable. When you're looking at the M-Craft website, you can go ahead and see that you can buy both an option for an adjustable and a non-adjustable. And I'll go ahead and show it to you guys somewhere on the screen, somewhere what their website looks like and what options you have. If you're going to look for a custom strap, you have to message M-Craft and tell them what strap you like. Or you can buy whatever pre-made ones they have. But generally, I just went with a custom strap. It was going to be about $60 per strap and that includes shipping and everything. Other than that, I will say the original strap is not as wide as my custom. As you can see here, when you have them side by side, this original one here is smaller. It's about the same wide myth as an EVA strap. Whereas my custom strap is 16 millimeters, about 4 millimeters more than this 12 millimeter one. And this is a little bit thicker. I want to say that this custom one is probably close to a speed strap. So let me go ahead and get into the rest of this video and detail you all the differences about my custom and original strap. So if you look at the hardware, I hope that it's focusing for you guys so that you can't really see. As you can tell, the hardware on my custom strap is a little bit larger than the original just because it's a larger strap. And I don't know if you can tell in the video here, but the custom strap, which is the larger strap, is actually a little bit more lighter than the original. I would say that the original LV clasp is a little bit more yellow gold, so it has a little bit tones of yellow in there. But other than that, they're just about the same. Of course, it doesn't have the LV logo. It's a little bit in all honesty in terms of the hardware. This is still quite hefty, so it doesn't feel like super duper cheap hardware, which is why I super loved getting the strap from Amcrat. Another difference that I found in these is the glazing. So if you look, really closely at the glazing, that brighter, lighter red is the Amcrat strap. I'm trying to see if I can get better lighting for you guys. Sorry, I'm going to make this as detailed as possible. So, this strap is the original LV strap. You see how it has little bits of more brown in it. Whereas when you look at this Amcrat strap, it's very bright, kind of fire engine red. So I will say the glazing is a teensy bit different. It's not as muted, but honesty when you wear it, I don't think anyone really notices. I will say also when I purchase these straps, these ones I've been using for a while, so they've kind of already patented. But when I purchased these straps, they were actually the custom ones were a little bit lighter than the regular Vichetta. So I actually had to leave them out in the sun for about a day or two so that they would match the actual Vichetta. So I will say in terms of comparing the, is it focusing? The custom straps are my lightings really bad. In terms of the custom strap, the larger strap and the original, I will say the custom straps come much lighter than the brand new Vichetta. Because I've bought, I never used my straps on a weight for my new ones. When I compared them, it ended up being that the custom straps were like white and then the original straps were a little bit more like a creamy skin color. So that's about the difference. I will say that the stitching is about the same. I think the LB stitching is a brighter yellow. I don't know if it's focusing for you guys, I can't really tell. But I will say the stitching from LB is a little bit brighter yellow. The stitching on the custom straps were a little bit lighter, so a little bit more muted. But I want to see there really isn't a big difference. So I started to focus so long on the straps but hopefully you guys can see it in the video. But for the most part, the straps feel just the same. Like exactly the same, exact same thickness, exact same quality, just doesn't have the LB stamping. So let me go ahead and put the original straps on the Sparrow BB for you guys. So I have these straps here and I guess I will show you what it looks like on me personally on the longest settings and on the shortest settings and you'll see why I decided to go with custom straps. So let me go ahead and do this and I'll remind you all the measurements and everything and I'll put it on the info box below. So let me go ahead and move this onto the shorter setting. Again, you know you can choose whichever option you like. I think personally if you're already going with the custom size, unless you intend to utilize the straps for some other purpose, I would just stick with the non-adjustable because you do save some money. But if you want to use the straps for something else, I would go ahead and buy and spend the extra money for the adjustable. I just do, I don't usually need the straps because I don't carry a lot of a shutter bags that need straps. So let me go ahead and draw you. So the straps for this from BB are like stupid long for this bag and I'm 5'6 and let me just go ahead and put this on for you guys. I mean, hopefully you can see it. I'm 5'6 and it's sitting like right over my butt which I don't think is super duper attractive for you guys. So super duper long. But that's basically what it looks like. So just now actually is the shortest setting which is 39.5. So now let's go to the longest setting. So the longest setting is like stupid, stupid long. When we do the longest setting, it's pretty ridiculous. It goes like half my butt. What do you guys want to see? Like it's pretty ridiculous. It's like, yeah, official butt. So either way, on the shortest and longest settings, I don't really particularly enjoy it on this bag. I think it is just way too much, especially for the way you want to carry it. I know a lot of people were asking me if this goes crossbody and I just go crossbody with the thing is, so there's only three hooks, right? The one in the center and the two on the bottom. So if you go ahead and hook it up here, you can go ahead and slide it over. Make sure to put it down and then this is where it ends up being. Let me go ahead. Let's keep back. So it comes at a nice area for me crossbody wise at the longest setting. And again, that longest setting is 46.5. The shortest is going to be 39.5. So if you're super duper tall, these straps work for you. Unfortunately, I am not super duper tall. So I decided to go ahead and spend the money on custom straps. Honestly, for the money, I pay for these custom straps. $60 each. So it ends up being for two straps, 120. That also included the shipping and everything. The turn around time for these straps is really quick. I got it in a week. In order to message for a custom strap, you have to send the seller a message on Etsy. And then you tell them, hey, I want a custom strap. You can tell them you want it adjustable, non-adjustable, and tell them the different widths. They come in different sizes. You can get something that is 12 mm like the Eva, or you can get something a little bit larger. And I decided to go with a little bit larger just because I think it could be more comfortable. But I did like this. So I like it actually in the larger straps just because when you look at like this handle, it's really thick. And if you look at the front here, this buckle is thick, and like these straps are thick. So I didn't want a skinny strap for this bag. I actually think it looks better with the wider straps. So my straps are the 30 and a half that I made custom. And this is what it looks like. And then let me go ahead and slip it on for you guys. So I'm going to go ahead and take a seat back here. So as you can see, it drops when a knife is like for me. It's about lower mid-back. It's right up on my bum. And I think this is like a cute length for someone that's my height. I'm about 5'6". And it's kind of a useful type. So that when I single do it, it's still cute. So I decided to do it this way. All right. So people are going to ask me, how did I choose my size? Pretty easy actually. What I did was I took one of my favorite backpacks, which is my Kate's Bay, Jess the backpack. I super duper love this from Kate's Bay. It's actually one of my favorite bags, even though it's my cheapest one. This bag had adjustable adjustments here. And I basically measured it. And I was like, OK, this is like the perfect pipe or length. And I'll just measure it. And then that's how I bought my straps. So that's how I did it. I think for people who don't have something like this to measure on, I would take one of your bags, put one of these measuring tapes. Don't use the one that's like that hard kind of metal one. Use an actual like tailor's, sorry is it, working, a tailor's measuring tape. Because this will kind of give you a more accurate view. That one is so hard and plasticky and metaly. It won't give you like the perfect thing you need. This is a great way to figure it out, in my opinion. So I took this backpack and I super love half of it. So I just went ahead and just grabbed and measured it off this. And that's what this looks like. This is like the best bag ever for the money I paid for it. Super duper worth it. This started my backpack craze. I got this, then I got my mini, and then I got this sprung. So definitely that time figured out the straps for you guys. I think if you just attach this to one of your bags, that's about the same size, even if it's just like something little and just attached and just see where you like it to drop. If you want something to sit higher, go with something lower. If you want something, sit lower than change it as you wish. But my strap is a 30.5. The original strap at the shore is a 39.5. So it's nine inches longer. It's pretty much obscene. I don't know why they did such long straps. I think so they want to be worn cross-body too. But in my opinion, it just doesn't work. You could buy the original shorter straps from Elvie, but I think they're like 180 each and three, yeah, that's just way too much money for just straps. Straps that are like gonna patina and you know, get watermarks and stuff like that. So I just went with the custom straps and I'm super duper happy. I'm really happy with the quality, the production time, the shipping was fast, all in all, really good. The only difference was that it was lighter than the original strap, which is perfect. All I did was wipe it down, put it in the sun for a day, and then I mean, I'm not a whole day. I think I did one hour on each side and was constantly flipping it over one weekend just so they would patina evenly and then I would check on it and that's about it. In terms of treatment for all my Vichetta, I use something called Big Four. It's like a leather polish. I'll link it down below for you guys. I love it. It was such a great recommendation from SoCal Mom. She basically puts it on microfiber towel and just wraps it into her Vichetta, her leather. I use it for all my bags. I use it on my Berkins. I use it on my Vichetta. It's just awesome. It replenishes the leather and it makes it almost waterproof. I wouldn't say waterproof, maybe more water repellent. I put it on there. I light dry. I had wet fingers just to test it and I wiped it across my Vichetta. You saw the mark and then once it dried, it was gone. It doesn't change the color of your Vichetta or anything like that. So in my opinion, it is an A plus product for $8 or $9. So worth the money. How's that? So now you guys are wondering. What in the world do you with my original straps? Since you can't use it for anything else, I think LV kind of gave us a favor with these straps. Even though you can't use it with a Spirone beanie, you can use it for a multitude of other things. It's an adjustable strap. And at the different lengths that it can go, it can totally work for you. So let me go ahead and readjust this. One of them to the longer strap and leave one on the shortest for you guys. And because it's the same size as the favorite and the LV EVA straps, 12 millimeters, I think you can use it. Personally, when I bought the favorite, I didn't like that it has a little twisty tabs sticking out. It would poke into me. I hated it. So if I had had this, I probably would have kept my favorite. I just didn't want to buy a new strap and I didn't know about M-Craft. So this would be awesome. So I have it on the shortest and the longest setting for you guys so you guys can see. And for those of you who have EVAs, who think the strap is super duper long, you're in for a treat. So when you compare the traditional EVA strap that is non-adjustable, it is at 48.5 inches. Whereas the Spirone beanie, the longest on its longest setting, it's at 46.5. So for those of you who haven't EVA and think it's kind of long and you're thinking about the Spirone beanie, it could totally work for you for all your other bags. So go ahead and put this up as a crossbody. You can see it sits like a perfect crossbody for me at 56. Right under so this is like my hip bone. It sits about, I want to say, 2 to 1.5 inches underneath my hip bone. It works pretty well. Right. So let's go ahead and go out of the way. Now if you want to do the longer setting and I'm going to go ahead and show it to you guys on my mini-posh set, I actually use my mini-posh set as a bag sometimes. So let me just hook it on. Do that for you guys. Sorry you guys, I'm your watchiness. I mean, so this is what it looks like if I single-strawl it, right? And then this is what it looks like crossbody. It's actually a perfect crossbody for you. My hip bone is here. It falls just right under my hip bone. And I think for this strap, it's actually perfect. Perfect for this kind of use. And then let me show you guys what it looks like on a shorter setting. Sorry, I went to go get my other potchette for you guys. This is my new giraffe Christmas animation for this year. I just got it today. So this is the short shoulder. Right? It's a cute shoulder strap. So on the short setting, it's a perfect size for just shoulder wear only. If you're really, really short, this is basically where it'd go. If you guys are familiar with the Chanel mini square, this would kind of be what you'd be working with. Personally, I mean, if I have to crossbody this way and I have no choice, sure. But this is adjustable, right? So for me at five-six, it's a perfect crossbody on its long-ish. It's still a little canon shortest. So if you're anywhere in between like my size and shorter, it is an awesome crossbody strap for you guys. And I think since it does have that versatility, it's good for you. I think these straps are with it. Could you possibly sell them for cheaper than what I'll be? Would you tell them for sure? Why not? If you want to. But let me just go ahead and show you side by side. The longest and the shortest setting you guys can see from, sorry, look, Pudgy. You guys can see here. This is what it looks like by saying it taller. See how it's like sitting differently. These are some really long straps, you guys. So this is what it would look like the long-sitting before I crossbody it. There you go. And then what I do crossbody it, oh my gosh, I'm going to hit my bun. I'm going to end up having to redo my hair. And this is what it looks like when I crossbody it. Okay? And then I'm going to show you guys my e-buff since you guys probably kind of are wondering. All right. So this is probably the best way to do it. I know I have so many things going on. But as you can see, you know, the crossbody length is perfect on the spring. Veevee strap. My e-buff sits a little bit lower than I'd like, but you know, it works for me because I'm super tall, not super tall, but tall enough. And this is a little mini one. So that's what it looks like. Let me go ahead and remove and reset so that I'm only wearing it shoulder. Okay. So as you guys can see, my e-buff sits way, way down there. Great. So I think these straps, if you think buying the custom ones aren't worth your while, I personally think they are. I think if it makes your bag a little bit more useful, more user friendly, and you're more willing to use it, buy all means, get it. I know it's not LB and everyone would say go with the original. I, you know, I like it this way. I like that I can use my bags. Why am I going to pay money to not use it? And for $300 just for a new set of straps, that's kind of obscene. They're straps. They're machete straps. I'm going to dirty them. They're going to get patented. So for me, personally, I would just do the custom. Other than that, guys, I think that about sums my video up for you guys. If you're looking into these straps, there's such a great alternative. You know, I don't really think the quality is that much different than LV. For the price, I can't complain. Very well done. The glazing is perfect. The stitching is nice. Just the quality of it is nice. And I think for the different price point, so worth it. You can get it custom. The hardware is just as good as the LV. I haven't had any major furnishing on my hardware from this bag. No major scratches. It looks, I mean, here it is on my Spheron VV. Like you guys, like I know you guys can't tell. You know, the hardware color is so close. The glazing is just a little off, but who's really paying attention? And that, I think it's great. I love the 16 mm size over the 12. I think the 12 would get annoying because it's skinny. I like the thicker strap personally because I have really long, obscene hair. But yeah, I think because the hardware on this bag is big, everything is big. The larger straps work better for the Spheron BB than getting the 12 mm. In terms of can I use this for something else? Sure, like I can loop it on my shoulder that way, but I only use this on my Spheron BB and it's been worthwhile for me. As long as you use the big four of the Shara, I am no longer fearful of it. Other than that, that about sums up my video for you guys. I hope you guys found this super duper useful and I will catch you guys next time. I'm slowly trying to get through my list of all the things you guys requested for. So please be patient and thank you guys for watching. I'll see you guys later. Bye.