 If you've allowed chocolate to solidify in the bowl of your Sefer Chocolate Fountain and need to start the fountain again, here's what to do. The following techniques will work on both Sefer's home and commercial grade chocolate fountains due to our wide heating elements and thermostats. You will need a sturdy or rigid spatula, hair dryer, and food handling gloves may be required. Sefer's dark, milk, and white chocolate melt at different rates. Start by adjusting the thermostat to a temperature suited to melt the chocolate you are using. Sefer's Belgian and premium dark chocolate can be melted at a temperature setting of 10. Milk chocolate, 7.5, white chocolate, no more than 7 to ensure that you do not scorch the dairy in the chocolate. Scorched chocolate becomes too thick to flow through the fountain. Once the heat is turned on, it may take a little time before you are able to see any change in the solidified bowl of chocolate. The first change you will see is the chocolate nearest to the outside of the bowl will lose its matte looking finish and begin to melt. The heating element will melt the chocolate in the bowl, however it will not melt the hardened chocolate inside the cylinder. To melt the chocolate inside the cylinder and allow the auger to spin freely, you will need a blow dryer. Turn the blow dryer on and heat the cylinder. There are no tricks here, it just takes time. You do not need to melt the chocolate on the tears. Once the fountain is turned on, the melted chocolate in the bowl will cascade over the tears and melt any chocolate that is not already liquid. As your chocolate continues to melt in the bowl, use the spatula to puncture holes in the top of the chocolate. The liquid chocolate that rises from those holes will assist in melting the hardened chocolate on top. Continue to stir or push any remaining solid chunks of chocolate around so they will melt faster. Be sure to stir the chocolate that is on top of the bowl as soon as you are able. When the chocolate in the bowl has melted, check that the auger spins freely by cycling the motor on and off or by lifting the auger up to see that it is loose. Next, turn the fountain on. Keep your hand on the on and off rocker switch just in case you need to turn the fountain off for any reason. If the fountain does not flow perfectly, be sure to clear any air from the center cylinder by turning the fountain off for a few seconds. You can see any air bubbles work their way out at this time.