 Sawas! Ready sa meka ! Patina na may Hi guys, welcome back to my cooking episode here in my channel. So, ay-yan, nagagas niyo ba ko nga ko yun natin for tonight. And nga ko at ayon na. Quack quack. So, for our quack quack, these are the ingredients. So, of course, we have here boiled quail eggs, or it-look bulgok. And then for the coating, we have magnolia, all-purpose flour. It's a season-long natin siya ng salt para meelasadin yung coating-ya. And para sa ating pang pinaling sa huzawan, we have here datu puti. And sarap na to guys, papurito namin to nida di. Wuh, naging kitanyu ba yung sili on top. Tasmeer, templato na siya meron siyang abawang, and onion. Pero, guys, for the sauceawan, we will level up natin siya. Lailagyan natin siya ng cucumber. Pero to islais natin siya into small pieces mamayat. And then we have here salt, sugar, and of course, pepper. And this is the coloring, put color, para meing orange yung ating quack quack. Okay. So, guys, let's get started. Let's prepare these ingredients. So, we have here salt, sugar, and salt. And then we have here salt, sugar, and salt. And then we have here salt, sugar, and salt. And then we have here salt, sugar, and salt. And then we have here salt, sugar, and salt. And then we have here salt, sugar, and salt. And then we have here salt, sugar, and salt. And then we have here salt, sugar, and salt. And then we have here salt, sugar, and salt. And then we have here salt, sugar, and salt. For Central Coronomutum, let's get to know what's his name? Is he Hunting? Is he Hunting? Yes. Is he Hunting? Is he Hunting? Yes. Is he Hunting? Yes. Are you Hunting? Yes, I am, I am Hunting. iya, si longer si si rada, kaga pa salis pa yandag dib meetsang mapping跟你 ba ang ikutan na? Pastor Yang plinearok kayo uza na snapyoti ay napina sa pathway kanger氣 May k台ownu atwan ng szerial kung bahag pula lang hold They line up ng papany拘 ng tapね misaki hayaaaa pula k llamaprofilo WOMAN ng mga ako sa papака ng ako sa nella kaama mas sepdravang ko lang nonton nanti habang at ay ang v importing malamong ko magtina mo nangita o lipatita wala! Kami mo aggravkaka ga sa ko namin lang ko ang gusto ma, mas daw its kung mito ko' pa da naman kumu было Matan yes katuku sol Teil k repeated katuku ningsang So there you have it guys! Our quick quick is ready! So this is our pinigar. Manate. Hmm. I grab the perfection. Tick manate no? Tuchaa. So, so natin shajan. Sanag hulumi yaw nasul ka. Mmm. Yes! Mmm. So, guys, don't forget to subscribe to my channel. Please comment down below. Okay, thank you so much and share like and comment down below. Bye, guys! I hope to see you all next time.