 Hi, today I'm going to show you my way of making lap joke at home. Lap joke in Chinese means cured meat. It is traditionally cured by hanging the meat in cold and dry weather, but I cannot do that because I live in a tropical country which is very hot and humid. That's why I will be using a dehydrator to dry the meat instead. I will be using pork belly. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I will be using a little bit of salt. I am mixing the ingredients for one minute. I am mixing the ingredients for one minute. I am mixing the ingredients for one minute. I am mixing the ingredients for one minute. I am mixing the ingredients for one minute. I am mixing the ingredients for one minute. I am mixing the ingredients for one minute. I am mixing the ingredients for one minute. I am mixing the ingredients for one minute. I am mixing the ingredients for one minute. I am mixing the ingredients for one minute. I am mixing the ingredients for one minute. I am mixing the ingredients for one minute. I am mixing the ingredients for one minute. I am mixing the ingredients for one minute. I am going to leave the meat in the refrigerator for 10 days. The curing process will happen during this period. I am flipping the meat once a day. So the liquid can be distributed evenly. I am going to leave the meat in the refrigerator for 10 days. I am going to leave the meat in the refrigerator for 10 days. After 10 days I can feel the particular smell of Chinese cured meats. I'm going to drain the meat before putting it in the dehydrator. The dehydrator has been set to 122 degrees Fahrenheit. I'm going to dry them for three days. You can dry it for less time if you want. I will be flipping the pieces once every 12 hours. Remember, this meat is still raw. You should not eat it before cooking it. In conclusion, I can say that this is a very good way of making lapjok if you don't have cold weather available. This is a very easy process and the results will surprise you as it has surprised me. Thanks for watching and if you found this interesting please give it a like. See you soon.