 Hi, I'm Kylie Deppin with Joyful Health and Wellness based out of New York City. And today I'm going to show you how to make traditional Ambrosia salad. Now, this is a classic Southern dish, one that's often served for holidays, but it's actually good year round, especially if you are using frozen fruit, which I am using a little bit of frozen fruit today. So we're going to start out and you're going to want to combine about three mandarin oranges, peeled and seeded and also diced into bite-sized pieces. Now if you can find seedless oranges, I highly recommend it, you're going to save yourself a lot of time and trouble. Okay, and then to that, I'm using some frozen pineapple. If you can find fresh pineapple, that's great. This is two cups of pineapple and to that I'm going to add one cup of cherries. And I'm using frozen cherries today. Please, please do not use jared maraschino cherries because those things are really terrible for you and they're full of all kinds of bad stuff and they do not even taste remotely close to what a real cherry tastes like. So if you can't find cherries or if you don't like cherries, feel free to substitute with grapes or whatever fruit you like besides that. So we've got our oranges, our pineapple and the cherries all together and let's start making our dressing. Typically my grandmother's would make this with cream cheese or sour cream and we're going to absolutely replace that with Greek yogurt. It's going to have a lot less calories and there's hardly any sugar and plain Greek yogurt. I like to use 2% because that free really doesn't have any richness to it and we're going to add one tablespoon of vanilla. It's just going to give a lot of flavor. You could add a little bit of honey or gobe if you wanted to add a little bit of sweetness but I think there's already kind of a lot of sweetness going on in the salad with all the fruit. So this is going to be a little bit of a tartness added to the salad. Okay, just make sure you incorporate the vanilla and chew the yogurt really well and you can just dump that again. It's one cup of Greek yogurt and you're saving a lot of unhealthy fat from using cream cheese and whipped cream. Okay, so that's that and then I'm going to be adding in a cup of diced pecans and that's optional but it adds a little bit of crunch and some protein and also a cup of shredded coconut. I'm using unsweetened coconut. So let's just mix that all together. So this is a great salad. It could be, I mean it's good for breakfast because it's got to gogret and all the fruit and the nuts. A great dessert. Help the air option then something rich like pound cake which is what we like to eat in the south which is okay on occasion. This is something you can serve and not feel guilty about eating because it's full of vitamins and your fruit and the healthy protein and that is how to make a healthier version of traditional Ambrosia salad. I'm Kylie Deppin with Joyful Health and Wellness. For healthy recipes please check out my website at JoyfulHealth and Wellness.com. Thanks for watching.