 How to choose balsamic vinegar, a guide for savvy shoppers. I'm Sheila May, the owner of gourmet living. Having lived in Italy, Spain, and Greece for over 10 years, I've seen firsthand the benefits of eating fresh seasonal produce, particularly vegetables and fruits. Some refer to it as the Mediterranean diet, but I prefer Mediterranean lifestyle. Substituting fresh produce for factory processed foods will do wonder for your health and your weight. I frequently use balsamic vinegar to add a distinctive Italian twist to my cooking. Balsamic vinegar can turn rather bland dishes into culinary masterpieces. Sadly, I have been very disappointed by the poor quality of balsamic vinegar at supermarkets, specialty stores, and the internet. As such, I have listed a few tips that savvy shoppers may find helpful in selecting balsamic vinegar. Number one, beware of additives and preservatives in balsamic vinegar. Authentic balsamic vinegar consists only of wine must or most doclot and wine vinegar. Consult the fine print on labels to determine if additives or preservatives are present. Number two, certified balsamic vinegar of Modena are marked with the seals of the Italian Growers Association. The distinctive blue and yellow IGP label indicates that the balsamic vinegar was sourced in Modena, Italy, but... IGP balsamic vinegar contains different concentrations of wine vinegar and the IGP balsamic vinegar may have been barreled for as little as 60 days. Here's a tip. Tilt the bottle gently to determine its viscosity. A surpee rather than thin vinegar suggests a higher quality blend and a higher percentage of barrel aged wine must to wine vinegar. Number three, traditional or DOP balsamic vinegar is sold only in distinctive 100 ml bottles that have been tested, bottled and exclusively sealed by the Italian consortium. These are the only authorized 100 ml bottles for traditional or DOP balsamic vinegar. The Amalia Romagna bottle is on the left and Modena is shown on the right. Beware of the deceptive labeling that claims to show the age of a balsamic vinegar. These claims are not supported by the Italian Growers Association. Gorme Living's DOP Afinato and Extravechio, traditional balsamic vinegar. Number four, condimento is simply an unregulated balsamic vinegar. For instance, white balsamic vinegar is actually considered a condimento. Also, balsamic vinegar is flavored with herbs or condimentos. Balsamic vinegar is with an aged printed on the label i.e. 15 or 40 years are suspect. The age cannot be verified. There are many versions of balsamic vinegar. Personally, I prefer a concentrated and viscous balsamic vinegar. It tends to be more expensive, but it is certainly worth the money. Explore the authentic taste of balsamic vinegar of Modena and see the difference it makes in your cooking.