 Upgrading your D-menifier is quick and easy. After plugging in your D-menifier, press the power button to turn it on. The digital display will show the current humidity leveling you're home. Press the plus and minus buttons to choose your preferred humidity level. You can choose between 35 and 80%. According to Energy Star, the preferred humidity level is between 30 and 50%. In colder months, it is suggested to have your humidity level between 30 and 40%. If you would like your D-menifier to run continuously, press the minus button until the display reads CO. In Continuous mode, the D-menifier will remove moisture from the air regardless of the humidity level. Press the fan speed button to change between high and medium and low fan speeds. Your D-menifier can automatically turn itself on and off using the timer function. While the unit is in the offsetting, press the timer button to automatically turn the unit on two hours. Press the timer button once more to turn the unit on four hours. Press the timer button a third time to clean the timer setting. When the unit is on, use the timer setting to automatically turn off the unit. Press the timer button once to turn off the unit in two hours. Press the timer button again to turn off the unit in four hours. Press the timer button the third time to clean the timer setting. Once the bucket is fully ready, the D-menifier will automatically shut itself off. The bucket full indicator will light up and blink. Also an audible alarm will sound for a few seconds, alerting you that the bucket needs to be empty. Your D-menifier will not remove any moisture from the air until the bucket is empty, and properly placed back in the side of the D-menifier. To remove the bucket from the D-menifier, grasp both sides and pull like this. Once it's out, grab the handle and carry it off somewhere to drop off the water. The filter indicator light will turn on when the filter needs to be cleaned. Remove the filter by pressing down on the two tabs on the top of the filter. Clean the filter with a mild detergent, let it completely dry, and then replace it back in the D-menifier. Do not operate the D-menifier without the filter. Once the filter is clean and dry, press the filter button on the control panel to reset the filter. If you don't want to empty your D-menifier bucket, you can drain the water into the nearby value drain. First, remove the bucket from the D-menifier. Now, open the drain connector door on the side of the D-menifier. Inside you will see a drain hose connector. This connector fits a standard garden hose. Take your garden hose connector and thread it inside the door and thread it onto the drain connector inside the D-menifier. Once the drain hose is connected to the drain hose connector, reinsert the bucket. The bucket must be inserted for the D-menifier work properly. The bucket ensures that any leakage caused by improperly connecting a hose will simply drain water into the bucket and not on your floor.