 So one of the things that I love having around the house is candles. I love lots of candles. I joke that it kind of looks like there should be a religious ceremony going on my house sometimes because there are so many candles but it's always beautiful to add that warmth and that light. One of the biggest directions in interior design right now is adding light in any way possible to your interior. This is a set of six beautiful mercury glass candle holders. Now these are going to be for a VOTE of a tea light. The three and a half inches tall, three inches wide. They're beautifully done with mercury glass and you're going to get all six. Now when you get them they're going to be empty. Okay they're going to look just like this and you can put whatever you like in them. It is glass. So if you wanted to try you could put a little flower in there, you could put a fresh herb with dirt in there. Whatever you want to do it's glass. You could do it whatever you want but I love a candle in them. Now if you like this candle this is a beautiful little tea light. It's a flameless tea light. This also comes in a set of six. We're going to have this available again very soon. Right now they're not available. They're sold out on our website but you're going to have these soon. So if you want to get this set of six we will have these soon to put in them if you need something to put in them. But I love these because then you're going to be able to do a few different groupings in different places in your home. You're going to arrange them with other candles. You're going to arrange them with flowers. You can put them on a nightstand. You can put them on a kitchen island. You can put them in bookshelves. You can put them on a little table on the landing of a stairway. You can put them on a beautiful table in a foyer but whatever you do with them they're gorgeous. They're understated. They're neutral. They go with everything and you're getting all six of them for I believe double check me Katie. $39 which is pretty darn amazing. It was just so low. I kept checking. They're like how can that be $39? But that's what it says. So $39 and you're going to get all six. It's also a great way by the way if you want to one of the things that I think is a good idea. You can put you can put a little piece of organza fabric tied up the top with satin like a little satin ribbon and that's a beautiful gift. So there's a lot of different things that you can do with them but all six $39.3 and a half inches tall and if you want these little tea lights they also come in a set of six and they're going to be back on our website soon. Those are awesome.