 Hi guys! Welcome back to my channel. Today I'm going to show you how I make a super easy and delicious green bozoli with chicken. In case you guys want to learn how I make it, just stay tuned and I'll show you how. Alright you guys so let's get started with our ingredients. So here we're going to use 50 ounces of harmony. Here I took out one cup because this is what we're going to use to thicken out our sauce. We're also going to need two pounds of chicken breast, one onion, two garlic cloves, two bay leaves. You're going to need one teaspoon of oregano, one teaspoon of cumin, one teaspoon of black pepper and of course your salt. You're also going to need two garlic cloves, one chicken bouillon. You're going to need three jalapeno peppers, two anaheim peppers, a of this tomato, one cup of cilantro and of course half of an onion. So these are our ingredients you guys and now let's get started. Alright you guys so first we're going to start by boiling our chicken. So I'm just going to fill up with water a little bit over half. And I'm going to add the onion, the two garlic cloves, two bay leaves and of course some salt. Okay so now I'm just going to put it on my stove, on medium high. Alright you guys and while our chicken is boiling we are going to start working on our salsa because the chicken is only going to boil for about 35 minutes. You know we're just going to wait for that to finish cooking. So we can start working with our tomatoes and I'm just going to wash them and we're going to boil them. Alright you guys so after I got down my tomatoes and I'm just going to place them in a pot and we're going to boil them and we're just going to boil them until they start turning a little bit yellow. That takes around 10 minutes. Alright you guys so the same time that that's going we are going to start to roast our peppers. Alright you guys so now we're just roasting our peppers, we're boiling our tomatoes and as well as our chicken. Alright so it's been them around 20 minutes and we're going to start to remove all this foam from the chicken. Alright we're going to start to remove as much as you can. Alright you guys so on this time your tomato should be already done. Let's turn that off and I'm just going to start to put them in my blender. So this is what they look like. So we're just going to let them cool down in my blender while my chillis finish cooking roasting over there. And then I'm going to use about one cup of the water that we used for the tomato so I'm just going to leave my water there. And the chillis just make sure you're constantly turning them. So our chicken has about 10 more minutes until it's done and then we are going to take it out of the pot and start shredding it and then we can go from there. Told you guys it's super easy. Alright you guys so once your chillis are fully roasted we're going to place them in a bag. Just like that our chillis can get on soft. So we're just going to put them in the bag for about 5 to 7 minutes and then let us steam you know finish cooking them and then we can start working on our salsa. Okay and by now our chicken it's done cooking so we're going to turn off the stove and then start placing the, start taking out the chicken because we're going to start shredding it. So just take out all your chicken and just keep your pot you guys because this is where we're going to place all over chicken in the hamni and the chile oil in the same pot. So I'm just going to place it up to the side and let my chicken cool down a little bit so we can start shredding it. Alright so now we're going to start working on our salsa. I'm going to start peeling out my chillis and then if you guys want your supposed to be spicy you guys can leave the seeds but me I'm just going to take them out and these sit them so that it won't be too spicy because my kids don't like spicy. Alright guys so after we have our chillis ready we are going to turn our stove back on and we are going to put our hamni back into the pot. So like that I can start cooking while we work on our salsa. Okay so let's go back to our salsa. Okay so here we are we are going to put our cilantro, our piece of onion, two garlic cloves, our chicken bouillon, our cumin oregano and black pepper and of course a hamni and two cups of water and I'm just using the same water that we boil our tomatoes. And then we are going to mix it. Alright guys so now I'm just going to strain my salsa with a little bit of olive oil here and we are going to bring it to a boil. So just wait for the oil to heat up a little. We are going to strain it here. Alright guys so once you have it in your pot just taste it for salt. Just add some more of the needs. And then we can take our chicken and put it back into our tikka chicken and put it back with the hamni. And then you can take your onion out if you want to. Just waiting for this to come to a boil. Okay so once you start seeing the little bubbles we are going to transfer our chile it, our sauce to our pasta oil over here. Alright so now we can just transfer it. I'm going to take the onion out. Now we are just going to put it on low heat you guys and then leave it for 20 minutes so like that all the flavors can come together and then that's basically it for our psole. Let me put the lid. So just cover it up. You're going to a little bit of open and just let it cook for 20 minutes and that's it. Alrighty guys and there you have it super easy and delicious psole. I added some oregano flakes to make it. I don't know so I don't want to let salt play in the boring. And then I also like to add some cabbage. Some onion. Because I love onion. Some serrano pepper because you know I like spicy. And some, what is it radishes? To add some color. You're going to melt this so watery right now. And then of course some avocado. And it's all going to get mixed up so. And of course you can have for get your line. And there you have it super delicious. I'm not this super watery right now. Make sure we get a bite of everything. And chips. It's so good. Everything is perfect you guys. And it's super easy. I hope you guys really give this recipe a try. Because it's perfect for the upcoming holidays. And it's not going to take that much time in the kitchen you know so. So good. Alrighty guys and there you have it. I hope you guys had enjoyed watching this video. And if you did, please don't forget to give me a big thumbs up. Comment down below what you think. And also if you give this recipe a try, please don't forget to send me your pictures through Snapchat, Instagram, Facebook, you name it. I enjoyed watching you guys pictures. And it makes me so happy when you guys recreate my recipes. Thank you so much for watching you guys. And if you're new to my channel, please don't forget to hit that subscribe button. So you guys can be part of our family. We can continue growing. And you guys can continue watching my recipes. Thank you so much for watching. And I'll see you guys on my next video.