 In order to achieve professional results on your painting, you just first have to know a little bit about the physics behind the actual cage and rolling. Now, since the handle is connected up over to this side, that's where most of your pressure is going to be. So, that's where you're going to leave a line if anything. This side is the side you want to use to blend. Now, since I'm going to left the eye like moving in this direction, so I'll keep it. I'll start here and then I'll just overlap, overlap, overlap. So, I'm always evening up that this side before the line would be. So, that's the physics behind it and then I'll show you the other techniques. So, how to do it? This will tie in with the basics behind painting or at least the basics that I use. It's always be yourself enough room to blend it out. You never want lines because they never actually fade away. You have to just blend everything whether you're brushing or rolling like this. And how the thresholds do it is just work in straight lines. Don't just do a rather rolling. Just apply it. Now, I'm not going as high as I can. I'm living myself room to blend it. And I'm just now on a fully covered, same thing on the left side here. I don't want to get too close because I need blending room. Now, let's maybe a little bit dry because it's some of the paint goes on the sleeve in the first time and it never really soaks in as well. But this is just to show you how to do it. Now, I'll just move my sleeve and my cage over to the left. Get a little higher and then you just do a nice light roll downward to even it all out. Same here. Now, since it's pretty much all paints are latex, you don't want to wait around. You just want to keep going so that the paint always blends. You don't want to overwork it and you don't want it to dry because it dries at all. It'll actually start. It'll actually take this paint and just quite start peeling it back off. So now I'll just basically, I try to keep in mind to put, start in the middle so the head east among the paint is in the middle and then I can just spread it up and down. So I'll do that. I'll get some decent coverage. I'm going to go as high as I can and eat blending room. Then I'll overlap this in a couple inches and then I'll just, one merges, I'm going to spread that out and then I'm going to move it yet again over to the left and just lightly even out of any lines. Now as it's drying, don't ever look at your paint job as it's dry because you'll see lines that will look weird and it'll look like a bad paint job. But just let it cure and it'll look really good. That's it for now. Thanks for watching. If you enjoyed the video, please subscribe to our YouTube channel or check us out on some of the following.