 Hi, I'm Kelly from UnderAtexasGuys.com and today I am going to show you another type of a wreath. It's the spiral wreath and what I've noticed is a lot of wreaths for the spring and summer that are kind of casual. This is a technique that people use for those. It's not really a very formal wreath. I haven't seen very many of them with lots of flowers and bows and such as that on there, but they're super cute. And I thought it'd be fun to do one for the Fourth of July. So I've got some red, white and blue things, some stars, some things like that to make this wreath. To make this wreath, I'm going to be using the 21-inch rolls of mesh. And I have used three of these. Now it does take quite a bit of mesh to make these. Each twist for your wreath is going to have three different colors or three different spirals, which is basically this. It's just a tube that's made out of the 21-inch mesh. And what I have done is I have cut them all to 12-inch lengths. It's a little bit, and really, especially when you start getting down to the end. I've gone ahead and I've cut most all of them. I just have a few more to cut. I just wanted to show you how I do it. Another thing I wanted to talk to you about or mention to you is the cutting mat. The cutting mat is really important. If you work on your kitchen counter or your kitchen table, you can buy a small cutting mat to just set on your counter or table so you don't mess it up when you cut, because I like to use the rotary cutter. This one is Ulfah OLFA 4.5mm. Sometimes I get questions on which tools that I use, and this is one that I do use when I'm doing cutting. I've got a couple of rolls of ribbon that I've used in a 2.5 inch and it looks like a 1.5 inch or 1 inch roll. I'm not 100% sure what I'm going to be putting on this. I've got some embellishments for 4th of July. Honestly, we're going to be making this week together for the first time. I've never made this bottle of wreath. If I run into any trouble, it's probably going to be helpful to you in case you run into any of the same kind of trouble. I'm also filming without the 8-Eveganee Mandate. I'm doing it on my own. I'm going to have to be mindful of what I'm doing here so you can be sure and see everything that I want to show you. We're going to go ahead and I'm going to cut the remainder. I've got three more cuts that I need to make and I'm going to go ahead and make those cuts now. I'm going to take my mesh and you may have something that can hold it down because it's going to roll up. Clearly, honestly, the closer you get to the end of the roll, the better because it rolls up nice and tight and that's what you're going to want each of these to do. I'm going to go ahead and cut this 12-12 inches over and that's another good thing with the cutting mat because you've got a ruler that's right there and you can see what you're doing. Honestly, I've got a big huge pile of these next to me that you can't see. I didn't want to waste your time by watching Make Cut endless amounts of these strips. 12 inches. I think I've got one more to cut. Okay. Like I said, these just look great for summertime. I love the little whimsical reads that I've seen some are down with flip flops and embers and shells and things like that which all look really cool. I'm going to use a white work read. Now I've seen a lot of people who make these. They go ahead and just use the regular flat wire weave and they use their own twist ties, their pipe cleaners or chanille stands to do it. I just like it already done for me. I don't want to have to deal with all of that. So what you're going to do is just kind of flip it up. This is a 24 inch work read which actually it's like 15 inches in diameter but when you stretch out the sides I think it goes 24 inches from tip to tip. Once you have your step on it it really comes out to be a big read. I'm going to take my first spiral and I'm going to kind of make it tight. This one's already tight. You're going to do three of these. Since I'm doing kind of worth of July I've got three different colors. Then I'm going to take my first twist. I'm just going to come to this inside twist, no particular reason why. And you go with the don't do it opposite of the direction of the read to go with the width of the read and go ahead and twist that in. And the center. And it looks really, it looks kind of weird. It looks kind of like seeing in these or whatever. But we're going to go ahead and go to the next one. This is not difficult clearly. Go ahead and make that. As far as how does you can get it the same with this one. I'm going to make that tight. I'm going to add and I'm not going in any particular order here because they're all going to get together. I'm going to give it a little pull. I'm coming to the next tie. And I'm going to slip this in here. Give it a couple of twists. I'm going to the next one. And as you can see what I'm saying now this really doesn't have a formal look. Everything's kind of going crazy this way and that it looks like. I'm going to reach down here and grab another twist that already have. And another. Make that a little bit tighter. I'm going to grab onto that. And then again of course make sure you're getting it centered pretty well. You can kind of eyeball that you see. I'm going to come to the next twist and go in the direction of the reef, not the opposite direction. Go ahead and twist that in. I'm going to continue that around. Now as you can see when it's all said and done this makes a gigantic reef. Now I have seen some places where they use the teninch mesh and they gather them up just the same way. What I did here is three spirals per twist tie. They're 18 twist ties so that's a lot of cutting. I have seen them if you want them fuller. You can put four different spirals in each twist as well. I would encourage you to try it with the teninch meshes at the 21 inch if you don't want to have it so huge. Now this would be great on a front door to make a huge impact. It's super cute. You can see what I mean that it's not a formal reef. It really is whimsical and it's fun and it is super super easy to do. The thing that takes the most time is cutting your spirals. Which again we're 21 inch rolls of mesh cut into 12 inch strips. And then just spirals them up and be sure and kind of get them tight when you put them into each one of your twists. I did add a little bit of ribbon. It's not the easiest thing to do and you'll just have to play with it. Like I said this is actually the first one of these that I made and I think it is super super cute. I hope that you try it as well. I also hope that you will stop by my website underatexasky.com. I've totally revamped the website. There are a lot of different elements that are on there. All sorts of humming permit projects. We've recently moved into a new house. We built a new house and I'm kind of taking you step by step through what we went through when we chose the decor for the house and how we're doing some different things to the house from landscaping the yard to doing a gallery wall in the living room. Next to our decor, everyday decor, I also have the old stuff on there when we renovate our kitchen at our old house, how we got it that kitchen and totally remodeled it. Step by step we show you how we did that. And I'm also starting to blog. It's just kind of an inspirational thing. Some health tips, things that just in my everyday life kind of inspire me and I want to do the same for you. So I hope that you do check out underatexasky.com. I'm going to be doing some things in the future, some giveaways and so forth. So I do hope that you stop by and see what we have going there. I hope that you try to spiral reathe. It's not for everyone and it's certainly not for every occasion but it really is fun if you want something that's quick and easy and cute. You certainly can do this. You can see I added a little bit of elements in here for Fourth of July, just a real patriotic reathe. Thank you so much for stopping by. I really appreciate it and I hope to see you again real soon. Thanks so much.