 Hi everyone, I'm very happy that you can join me again for another DIY. Thanks for tuning in. If you haven't subscribed while we're already be sure to do so because we do a lot of awesome DIYs in this channel. For today I have a very easy homemade idea that you can all use, especially this upcoming summertime. We're going to be having a lot of people over but there's always that uninvited guests that we don't want to have there with us. Yes, I'm talking about those mosquitoes and other bugs that we just don't want crashing our summer barbecue or summer parties. These homemade bug repellents are super easy and they also make for great centerpieces for your table. So let's get started to this video. For our first bug repellent we are using a used candle jar and we are just going to reuse this by melting off the wax that's inside already and also taking off the attached wick. So we're doing this by basically putting that in boiling water and waiting for all that solid to become liquid like this and you can just throw all of that in the garbage. Next we're going to take some soy wax. I just got some from Michael's. They are very cheap, especially with your 40 or 50% off coupon. And then we're just going to take this and put it in the microwave until it is all fully melted. While that's melting away we are just going to take our wicks which I got from the dollar store and we are going to take a glue gun and glue that right in the center of our jar that we had from before. I'm also taking some lavender and gluing that on the side just for an added design. So now your wax should be melted by this time and we're just going to take any of our essential oils that you want to use. I'm using lavender, rosemary and citronella because those are great for repelling bugs. A few drops of each is good and then we are just going to pour that in our jar and take two chopsticks or even two pencils to hold the wick up in place. In about four hours later it looks just like this. Now the lavender that we put on the side didn't exactly peek through so I'm putting an additional design by frapping this juke twine around the bottom of the jar and also taking some lavender and baby spreath and just putting that in between the twine. Now we're making an herbal bug repellent which you can definitely find all of these items from your local grocery store. We're using lavender, cement, rosemary and some time. All of which make great bug repellents. Also we're cutting up some limes and lemons because mosquitoes hate the smell of these citrices. These floating candles are for Michaels and they come in a variety of different sizes and this container was also for Michaels which I purchased for about $18. I'm going to pour a little bit of water in there and then putting our essential oils that you want and then you're just going to basically place everything that we have. They also say that these beautiful merry gold flowers are great for repelling bugs as well. Now all you have to do is light the candles and you have a great bug repellent and also a beautiful centerpiece for your table. There you have it, too easy homemade bug repellent ideas that you can easily do at home. I hope that you liked this tutorial. If you did, comment down below and let me know what you think. Again, don't forget to subscribe and hit that notification button so that you can get all of the latest videos right away. Also, become friends with me on my social media and I'd love to hear from all of you. Thanks so much for watching and I'll see you all next time. Bye!