 How's it going everyone? I hope you're having a kick-ass week. Today I am stripping generation number three of Buck and Air Bob's Rum and I am going to make generation number four but I'm going to go bigger. Every generation up until now has been about 25 liters and today we're stepping it up to... I don't know how big we'll find out. I think you guys probably also want an update on the Dunderpits. Oh yeah there's two of them now and how I plan on using those things later on. Welcome to Stiller everyone. I'm Jesse and this is the channel all about chasing the craft of home distillation and making it a legitimate hobby. So if that's what you're into, if it rolls your wheel hit the subscribe button down below make sure you ring the notification bell and you won't miss anything. So you can probably see over here behind me that still is in operation which is always a good feeling and that is generation number three of Buck and Air Bob's Rum being stripped. As we speak, side note, side note, a huge thank you to the lazy plumber for hooking me up with that parrot. I cannot for the life of me figure out why I ever thought that doing a stripping run without a parrot was a good idea. I just don't know. So like I said, I'm not entirely sure how big I'm going to be going with the next Buck and Air Bob's recipe and that is simply because I've gotten a halfway through or roundabouts of a bucket of molasses. All my scales have died. I've got no batteries left so I don't know exactly how much molasses I've got left. So I'm not sure entirely how much Buck and Air Bob's wash to make. Now what I do know is that I was roughly reaching about 1060, 1065 before adding the sugar and before allowing it to ferment. So what I'm going to do is strip this out down to about 10% save the back set, use the back set to dissolve the molasses and water to the dissolve molasses until I get to around 1065 and about 30 degrees and whatever volume that is, that's how big my next batch of Buck and Air Bob's rum is going to be. We're down to about 25% on the stripping run I think. We have a little bit of time to kill so who wants to see my Festy Pits? I mean my Dundapits guys let's go have a look. First up is the Dundapit that I showed making on the channel a little while ago. I'll put a card up top for that. This one has been cold just that ambient temperature the whole time now. It's grown some pretty serious fluff on top and it is starting to get some funky funky smells going on. Not a baby spew or rotten. More like really funky sour beer. So I decided that it would be kind of fun to inoculate another Dundapit with pretty much the same stuff that I put in the first but to keep this one hot instead of cold and see if there's much difference you know after a while. This is the aquarium heater that I've been using in that bucket so far and the reason that I wanted to use this for two or three days leading up to this was to decide whether or not I wanted to use it for my large Buck and Air Bob's ferment and for large ferment in the future. Spoiler alert guys are not going to not yet and there's a couple of reasons why. Number one is I've got a buddy stilling in Canada who got one of these or something similar and ended up totally cooking a wash because it ran away and ended up getting insanely hot. So that kind of made me wonder whether or not it was a great idea. Second I have had it in there and had it set at 30 degrees for the last two days. It took hardly any time to get up to temperature but it's been fluctuating up and down a whole lot since sometimes being up to sort of six or seven degrees to hot and sometimes being six or seven degrees to cold. That's too much fluctuation for me. And number three is I think that I may have got one that is a little bit too energy dense. This is 200 watts. Right now it's just too much work for me so what I'm going to do as soon as I can't fit the large fermenter into the fridge is use the STC which is wired into the fridge but essentially run the thermocouple outside of the fridge. Prop the fermenter up on insulation bricks insulate the bejesus out of it and put a fan heater underneath as well on a really low setting and hopefully that will be able to hold it at 25 degrees for a good portion of the ferment. I know as well guys that I have been threatening to do a video just on the STC 1000. If you do want to see that let me know in the comments down below because there's been a few people that want it but honestly not that many. Anyway the stills off I collected down to 10% I can put the low ones away bust out the molasses and get started on the big bucket air bobs room. Like I said I wasn't exactly sure how much molasses I had but I guess it was probably about 10 11 kilos something like that. The plan was to put it into another bucket use enough hot back sets to dissolve it. Tip that into the fermenter essentially rinse and repeat until all of the molasses was gone and then sort of check in and decide exactly what to do after that. In the end I did three batches like this so three batches of molasses plus three batches of hot back sets to dissolve it and get it into the fermenter. So I have about 30 litres in the fermenter right now it's obviously pretty freaking hot and it's obviously you know really dense thick syrup. What I want to do just to see and check that I'm in the ballpark is to take 250 mills of this water it down until it gets to about 30 degrees and then see what gravity I've got. So I took 250 mills and added 750 mills to it to make one liter which gave me a solution at about 19 degrees and about 10 52. So what that tells me is that I need to use maybe a decent amount of hot water or hot back set still and I need to add probably a little less than three times what is in here already. So I guess I'm going to be adding about 80 more litres to this for a grand total of about 120 litres. Honestly I'm not too stressed about the original gravity because of it's on the lower side it doesn't matter I just don't want it too high that it's going to be stressing my yeast out too much. Speaking of yeast let me get the hot back set in here a little bit of hot water in here and top it up and get it to about 30 degrees and I'll tell you what my plan is for the yeast because I'm going to need a fair bit of it. I think it's worth noting that an easy way to get a whole lot of oxygen into your wash is to basically splash it around as you're topping up as much oxygen in there as you can so the yeast can use it while it's multiplying. But essentially all I was doing here was adding hot water or cold water taking temperature readings deciding whether I needed more hot water or more cold water and topping it up. I did also add 10 teaspoons of depth. So all in all I have 130 litres at 30 degrees and 10 55. I went a little bit higher on the volume of water overall because I'm actually going to bump it up a little with a little bit of extra sugar for this run. I also added a little bit too much hot water and I want to pitch my yeast quick so I just topped it up with extra water. Now yeast, here's the plan guys I have I saved all of the yeast from generation number three and I figure that's that's almost enough I think that's probably probably nearly a pitch and I just so happen to have the leftover yeast from generation number two which has been in the fridge for a week and a half so I'm actually going to pitch both of those. So I'll pitch the yeast now I will set up the STC 1000 now with the heater as well and I will check in with you tomorrow or the next day when fermentation has kicked off. So this is the yeast from the generation that just went through the still it should be very vibrant yeast I'm going to pitch that straight in there but because I'm stepping up quite a lot in size I am going to add the leftover yeast from the generation before as well. So here is the thermocouple from the STC 1000 going on to the barrel you do want to insulate that so that you're really reading the liquid temperature as much as possible not the air temperature on the outside. Anyway so I insulated the barrel up with a whole lot of will and blankets which are great for this. Set the heater in place make sure it wasn't touching anything diced and set the STC 1000 for 27 degrees. Alright guys it has been about 20 hours since a pitch the yeast for this and it's actually humming along pretty nicely I'm pretty happy with it it is also holding its temperature really well so the blankets the insulation and the heater and the STC are doing their job and the yeast is doing their job too. So before I go anywhere once again I need to thank the Patreons thank you so much guys and I will be finally doing the the recipe files the Excel files for you I'll put that up on Patreon for those that get them just remember that this is not my recipe it is Buckingham Bob's recipe so credit to him. Hope you've had a blast guys I certainly have thank you for watching if you liked the video make sure to give it a thumbs up if you really like the video make sure you subscribe and I'll catch you guys next time see you