 So the size of the mannequin head is a little bit smaller than the actual size of my head. The circumference is only 20 inches on the mannequin and my circumference is 23 inches. So what I'm going to have to do is make the mannequin head a little bit bigger. In order to achieve this, I'll just be using clear packing tape and a measurement tape. It doesn't take a lot of supplies. It's really easy. And let me show you guys how you can do this so you can have the perfect fit of your wig. You don't want a too tight wig and you don't want it too loose wig. You want it to fit perfect, especially when you're using things like frontos. You want it to lay closely to your scalp. So let's begin. So I just want to re-measure the mannequin head to be sure on my measurements. So I'm going to start at the nape of the neck and then bring it as if the mannequin had ears. I'm going to bring it up and around like this. Then take it down back to connect at the nape of the neck. Then I'll check my measurement. And it's actually send like 21 inches. So I'm only going to have to add two, like, two inches of tape to get it to 23. Now you just take the tape and go around and around and around. And in between then around, you should check the measurement. You don't want to add too much tape and just try to take it back off. I'm just going to put like two inches and with a tape around the mannequin head. And I do know from this particular measurement tape. Just wrap it, wrap, wrap. I've got to make this deep a little bit bigger. Oh, my poor mannequin. She's looking like she's injured. Just going to keep wrapping and wrapping and wrapping. I took the clear packing tape and I wrapped around the mannequin. I just wrapped and wrapped and wrapped. And as I was wrapping, I was checking my measurements because I did not want to go over the inches that I needed to wrap. So the last time I checked, I was exactly at 23 inches. So let's check. Again, start at the nape of the neck and go around the circumference of the mannequin's head. So you meet your beginning point and then look at you. Okay, so as you can see, I'm now at 23. Well, I'm kind of right here, so I'm going to wrap it a couple more times. Go down, wrap. From the nape of my neck to the front of my hairline, this measurement is actually 14 inches. So I'm going to keep wrapping and just keep wrapping until I fill this in. And then as I'm wrapping to fill this in, I'll be checking the measurements and make sure that it's measuring at 14 inches. So let's get wrapping. Now that the mannequin head is completely wrapped, we're going to check our measurements to make sure that it's the perfect fit for our custom wig. So again, starting from the nape of the neck, we're going to start at the low bottom. We're going to bring it around the completes the conference of the head. And then we're going to bring it to the beginning of it. And let's get the measurements. It's exactly, it's exactly 23 inches. Then we're going to tape and measure from the beginning of the hairline to the nape. So from the beginning of the hairline to the nape is exactly 14 inches. So this should be a perfect fitting. The mannequin is now complete. You should be able to make the perfect custom wig unit. If you like this tutorial, please comment, like and subscribe below. Thank you.