 Hey guys, it's Rachel and I will be showing you how to make the perfect snack, matcha muddy buddies! To start off this recipe, we are going to need 3 and a half cups of corn checks mix. Throw that cereal into a bowl and then we're going to get started in a separate bowl by combining our white chocolate butter and green tea powder or matcha powder. And if you guys aren't sure where to get matcha powder, I would definitely recommend getting in light and matcha. I will have a link to their website in the description box below and I also have a coupon code as well. So check it out down below. Melt all of those ingredients together on top of a double boiler. And once it's melted, you can layer it on top of the cereal portions at a time. So I divide it up the cereal into thirds and I added a layer of the white chocolate and then I added a layer of the cereal and then another layer of the white chocolate mixture. Just to make it easier when we fold everything together. Like I said, we're going to fold this mixture together until each piece of checks mix is covered in a little bit of that white chocolate matcha coating. Try to be gentle as you fold this mixture because you don't want to break all the little checks mix pieces. You still want some of them to be whole and intact so they taste a little bit better when you eat them. Once that's done, we are going to move on to the matcha coating for the exterior of the muddy buddies. This part is really simple. All you need is a Ziploc bag. Throw in 3-quarters cup of powdered sugar and 1-quarter cup of matcha powder. Seal the Ziploc bag and then mix it together until the white and green just kind of blend together and become one shade. Now reopen your Ziploc bag and throw in the checks mix and then now all you have to do is shake it up. Once each piece of checks mix is thoroughly coated, you are ready to serve and enjoy these delicious matcha muddy buddies. These are fantastic snack and I would highly recommend you guys try it out. It's got the perfect amount of sweetness and contrast with the bitterness of the matcha. So if you guys tried out, let me know in the comments section down below and thanks for watching.