 Hi everyone, so sometimes when I make a cocktail on this channel, I never know if I'm gonna like it or not. This one, I know I'm gonna love because it's one of my favourite drinks of all time. I am making a Moscow Mule, so you need some lime, that lime looks a bit weird, but you need some lime. You need some vodka, I'm using some rock beer. You need a Mule glass, or a Mule cup if you've got one, which is copper in the fridge, and also ginger beer, also in the fridge. Here we go, this is my first time ever making my own one, so fingers crossed I can do it justice. Let's begin. First things first, squeeze half a lime into your glass. With this drink, I don't really mind getting bits of lime in it, often you kind of want your drink to be really smooth and have no bits and bobs in it. But if it's going to be like little limey sort of segmented bit, go for it. I think it all adds to the rustic vine. Half a lime in there. Two ounces of vodka, so I've got a real kick to it this drink. That's my ounce. Oh, I haven't opened this yet, my first time with this one. Okay, two ounces. You already want three or four ice cubes in this because it is in copper, and it really conducts any temperature. So you don't want it too many. One, two, three, like so. Actually I don't want to fall. Why not? Four. And then top up with ginger beer. Simple as that. I love ginger beer, but I recently discovered it. I don't know if it's true or not, but I read online, actually ginger beer has more sugar in it than my Coca-Cola. So go easy on it, but it's delicious. That's what I do. And then garnish with a wedge of lime. That's the ugly side, so I'm going to use this bit. There we go. Super quick, super easy, hopefully, super delicious. Cheers to our Moscow Mule. Oh yeah, that's great. I've got really fiery ginger beer here as well, which I think adds an extra element to it. I love ginger beer, and I also love Moscow Mule. That's really good. Anyway, thank you very much for watching. Hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, give it a thumbs up. And I will see you very, very soon. Happy weekend. Bye!