 In today's exciting episode we tackle some rough conditions but we managed to build a fence. Alright now that one, that one is alright, we are going off a bit, that one is good, that one is going off, that one is a complete mess, this one is not so bad. When everybody has got down here we had a very good run with that drill, the ground is nice and soft, so there are bonuses when you are working in the winter. Ok so we used the auger, got down about 600mls but our holes need to be 900mls because we got a approximately 2m high fence and we have used the 300ml auger bit, the posts are 100mls, so 300mls, three times the width of the posts, plenty of clearance and yeah we are just going to dig the holes a bit deeper now. The things you find when you are digging holes, it is like a toy gun I think. When I first felt the weight I thought maybe it is a real gun but then I looked closely and I think that is his pirate, so yeah it is not a real gun. Back when they didn't have plastic to make toys with, were you reconpado with something? It is worth bringing a burn, that is for sure. You are going to take a line from this existing post which is surprisingly level, stitch the bottom of all our posts to that, now we are going to brace up this post at the end and make sure that is level as can dig. All the posts are in, brace up, pretty much ready for the concrete. We are pushing to get our concrete port earlier tomorrow, we have got the concrete port booked for 230mls, so we will get a bit earlier, so see you tomorrow. Alright, it is tomorrow and we managed to get the concrete truck earlier than we planned. Alright, let us do it. We are going to get out of here and come back tomorrow and finish this fence. We made a bit of a mess. Do Maro. So much rain and it makes it without concrete, so it looks a little bit. It does not look good, does not look good. But I will post soon, try and clean this up today. We have to leave you today, you know, we pulled the concrete and that was about it. And that was the day where we make it all happen and turn it into a fence. We are going to do like an overlapping joint here. We are going to do like an overlapping joint here. So yeah, I am going to sit before the conditions are perfect, but still getting the job done. Nice round holes. So when we put the bolts through, the bolt won't stick out if it is like a hazard. Alright, now that the string lights are set up, we can nail on all the paling. So yeah, the fence is done. We cut the other fence, so it is all one straight line. The maximum height that we are allowed to do, the council conditions, two metres. Now you have got a two metre fence all the way along. Painting that black like the rest of it. Well, we were. Hopefully the next episode will be working in better conditions. Bad weather. Can't do much about the weather. Alright, see you later. Do you like the look of the fence, Senna? Yeah, is it going to be good? You're not really sure, are you?