 Hi, this is Debbie with the Food Prepping Channel and today I'm going to make a crock crock crock pot. I'm going to put this in here because I want it to make like a gravy because I'm going to put rice in it as well. So it's kind of like chicken and rice I guess but it's going to be a gravy rice. Alright, so I've got that in there and then I'm going to put in, I don't know, I wait and see I've got one of the 32 ounce packages of reduced sodium chicken broth. I'm going to put half of that in here and see how moist it is. Alright, alright, so I'm going to stir this up and then I'm going to add a cup and a half of rice into here and let me go on and get this stirred up and the rice added and then I'll bring you back and show you what else I'm going to put in here. Okay, I'm back. Alright, you can see I've got everything stirred up and I've got a cup and a half of rice in here and I'm going to put in a teaspoon of onion powder, granulated onion powder. I'm going to put that in. I think I might put two teaspoons. I think I'm going to put two teaspoons of it in here. Alright, and then I'm going to put a teaspoon of coarse ground black pepper and a teaspoon of salt, of kosher salt in here. Alright, there's the salt. And here's the pepper. I love this coarse ground black pepper. Alright, so now I'm going to stir this up and this has got a cook. I'm going to say it may be done in four but I'm going to go on and do at least five hours and I'll check it and stir it up in probably a couple hours but I'm doing this on high because it's already 130 and I'm just now starting my slow cooker. So a crock pot, whatever you want to call it. So I'm going to pour this in and I'll bring you right back. Okay, so I've got it. I'm going to mix up my crock pot, slow cooker and I'm going to put the top on it and my locks on the top. I'm going to set the temp is on high. I'm going to go to the timer. I'm going to go on and set it for six minutes. I mean six hours. Okay, alright, so it's six hours and then about two and a half hours. I'll come back and stir it and make sure that it doesn't need anything. It may need some more chicken broth. I'm not sure but I'll bring you back. Okay, I'm back. Alright, here's the chicken and rice. It's kind of, I don't know what to say, it's kind of gummy. Maybe it looks gummy. Let me taste it. It's good. I just don't like the gummyness to it. It didn't come out like rice. It is still good, it's just really dry. Alright, and I don't know how this is going to do, this might be a fail. Anyway, if you like this video, give me a thumbs up, subscribe to my channel and you have a wonderful night. Bye. You