 What's up in the loop? Kenny here from Chicago and today I want to introduce a new series I'm going to be doing this summer at Six Flags with the season long dining best. Here you're looking at the menu for a parade America. All the locations throughout the park and what is available with your dining pass as you can see the hour has been added on here at the end of the day. It's now 830. So these are again like I said all the locations quite an extensive menu actually. Snacks 1130 30. I think you're one of those each day. So what I'm going to do is take this menu and I thought it would be fun to try as many of these as possible. There are any in particular you would like to see. Be sure to comment below where we're going to start today. In opening day they have a new restaurant called Strutters. So I am going to head in and show you this restaurant and the menu and make my selection. This new restaurant called Strutters. I apologize for forgetting up in the moment what this was. Something Aunt Martha's kitchen something or another last season. So this is all brand new new paint job new name obviously. It's like they will specialize in famous chicken sandwiches, brews and spirits. That's an interesting addition. We'll get some alcohol of this place and set in and check it out. Welcome. So we're inside Strutters. We got some TVs. It's nice. We have a bar over here. That is most definitely a good thing. We'll get a look at the menu over here. We get a look here at the bar menu. You have different draft beers. These prices are for a 22 ounce cup. A little bit stiff. They say this is the menu over here. My selection is the Galaya. It sounds pretty tasty. I'm not sure however what size that is. There's a look at a couple different drinks they offer. Also got bottled beer. Wine. So there you go. There's the Strutters bar drink menu. Take a look there. That's the walk up portion outside. That's some TVs in there. You can't see. Overall pretty nice. Plenty of seating. Plenty of televisions. Very wide open. They open the front of the building. Just out there. There's a whole outdoor patio. This is kind of similar to the JB's sports bar. Whatever the hell that place is. Followed back to the park. There's a lot of people here. I don't know if they'll stop there too. Look at guys. So the first admission to this year's dining pass review series. Going to try the Deluxe Corridor chicken sandwich with some Strutters. I will let you know how this goes. This price is out at $12.99. But I have the dining pass. So it didn't cost me anything. I have a little distance below and everywhere here. It looks like a sandwich obviously. It's a waffle prize. Little muffin. So let me dive into this and I will give you a review afterwards. So I would get the Cornbread muffin to salad. Cornbread Deluxe. It's a waffle prize. It's kind of nice season to them. We have the 90 press. It's actually a good deal. Obviously, they're in May 4, 100 percent. I was paying $12.99 I think is what this meal costs. Pretty steep, I'll be honest with you. Chicken sandwich. Not bad. A little chicken breast. It's made of lettuce and it's like it's got maybe like a Monterey jack. It's not bad. I thought I'm par with like a wet these or something. It's actually a lot of what it's like to be a wet cheese. Over all those in the back. I had to rate it. That's a bit of a trick to it. That's a cheese or seasoning on the chicken. I love my chicken sandwiches. We give it up 4 out of 5. Recommended. Got any other meals? Any more dropped parking likely to try? Suggestions. Things you'd like to see. Get a rating on. Comments below or find me on Twitter and the blue penny. My handle. All right, so here we have some more new stuff for the park. 2016. We've got the totally kicking chicken boneless wings. This is right next to the entrance to the American Eagle and exflights on the other side. We're here in the county fair section. This is more of a quick service setup than strutters the other new restaurant. Men use a little more limited. Got your dining pass options over there. Chicken fingers, mostly chicken strips. They do sell beer here. It's a lot more limited again. More of a quick service instead of a sit down situation. They only have MGD and Miller light for the cool price of $10.99. I'm just patiently waiting for 4.30. I can get my chicken fingers. Try it out with some teriyaki sauce. That's that. So, because I had the chicken sandwich earlier, I was going to go with a healthier option, because the totally kicking chicken is a new restaurant. This is why I'm going to try their chicken fingers. I'm going with a teriyaki flavor. So, I will try this and we'll come back with So, because I had the chicken sandwich earlier, I was going to go with a healthier option, but because the totally kicking chicken is a new restaurant. So I'm going to try their chicken fingers. I'm going to the Teriyaki flavor. So I will try this and we'll come back with a rating so you don't have to watch me eat. Alright, I ate most chicken strips. One of the fries, you'd be my rating, where I finish this off. Get out of here. Chicken fingers are alright, they're not bad. You like Teriyaki sauce, it's pretty tasty. They've got four other flavors. I think it was like a habanero, a barbecue, something else I can't remember. Just rewind the video and look back at the menu. It almost feels though that they would benefit slightly from having a dip on the side, instead of smothering entirely. But nonetheless, it's still pretty tasty. The fries really nothing special at all, not seasoned or anything, just regular french fries. So they're very bland. So overall, I would probably give this a two out of five. I probably wouldn't do it again. I would probably, I'm going to end up trying one of the other flavors likely. But I would not get this again. I certainly wouldn't pay the $12.99, but that's why they sell a 90 pass. That's why I've got it. So it's worth a try. So as I said before, if you've got any other recommendations, comment below or hit me up on Twitter, add in the loop Kenny and stay tuned for future dining pass rating videos.