 I'm going to demonstrate how to use a clover yo-yo maker. Now it's in two parts here. I'm going to just be aware of where the little bump is on the outside. I'm going to put my finger on that and get a scrap of fabric and place it right side to the bottom of the plate there with my finger there so I don't wear to line up this line here which I hope you can see. So that line lines up with a little bump on the underside and the hole shebang snaps into place. Grab some scissors and cut around the outside edge just using the edge of the plastic as a guide to cut against and that'll allow you to cut with exactly the same same allowance all the way around and once you've done that you need to go back to these little bumps and lines on the plate again. They'll tell you where to start and in turning over the raw edge you push the needle through the stitch hole and on the back you can see there's a little gap for where the stitch goes in and the needle goes back through and comes back into the turning around the edge and you keep stitching away like that. To save some time I've prepared one earlier and I'll just finish it off. So here we have one this is the larger extra large size which has got all the edges turned under and I've come out just the other side of the bump where I started but I'm going to go back through and stitch one more stitch just to be sure to be sure. Okay I'll pop that out now so I've pushed my finger through and popped out the plate and I'll pull the yo-yo off the yo-yo maker and pull this thread. Kids love doing this bit particularly this bit and it makes a beautiful little yo-yo. What I do is pull the needle back through to the base and that helps to anchor it on the bottom. You can pull this quite tight. You can run another stitch around and really tighten those top plates so that you can pull them in together like that or you can leave a gap and use a self- cover button sink it into that hole there and it will look really cute as a flower. I also anchor the plates through the bottom of the yo-yo with a few little stitches. You can keep stitching away as much as you like but that's your yo-yo.