 Today I want to make some sauce using our, well actually, we're going to make a frontwards pot patty using our Qtunade meat grinder. So what I want to do first is to get some pork here ready. And the first thing I need to do is to take it off the bone and I'm going to just get some nice smaller strips that are the size that can go into the, into the grinder. I want to get any obvious gristle. Oh fat's okay, gristle not so much. So I want to just get some, there's a bone in the shoulder so I'm only going to go down that far than I do the other side. I want to get out this nasty stuff in the middle, this gristly stuff in the middle. Because I don't want gristle in our sausage. Okay, here I am, I've got pork shoulder and this wasn't a whole pork shoulder, it was two thirds of a pork shoulder. I've got it all cut up into nice strips that are big enough to go into the meat grinder. I'm going to now put them back in the freezer for about a half hour to get them a little stiff so that they grind better. The remaining portion of the pork shoulder or the meat that I've left on here, I've purposely left this on here. I'm going to make a bean soup and I'm going to use this as my basis. The meat's now been in the freezer about a half hour. We're going to take the bowl and all the attachments off and they're not needed. We're going to remove the attachment screw and take out the attachment cover. The meat grinder itself comes with a few different parts. It's got to blade that goes in and then there's two grinder heads. Once large it's suggested for vegetables and cheeses. Well, the small it's suggested for grinding meat. So we're going to put it on, it snaps into two grooves and now I'm going to put the outside cover on. Put it on firmly. Once we have the head completely firmly in here and have the screw here, we're going to go shoot in until it seats into the groove, tighten the attachment screw. And we're going to want to put the lock on the side down so it's not bouncing around. So because this is going to be tough grinding. We don't want the bowl from the from the meat starts on here but we do want a bowl ad here to catch what we're going to be grinding. Now we have the bag of meat that we just took out of the freezer. It wasn't in there for a long, it was only in there about a half hour just to make it a little bit stiff. And we're going to drop it down. We're going to turn this grinder on to about five or six. It's not going to naturally go down here. So we're going to have to push it with the pusher. And you'll see I've got meat coming out. So we're just going to put another piece in. And as it gets about half way down we want to add another piece. We don't want our fingers down inside though, that would be pretty hard to reach. It takes a little pressure to get it to go out. The spices can go there. So now we want to do this with the whole four pounds of meat that I cut off with. Okay, I now have all of the meat ground. And you'll notice a distinct difference in part of the meat. It's pretty white and part of it's really red. That's because you're going to have fatter parts and leaner parts. So you're going to want to thoroughly mix it. And why you're mixing it kind of watch for any places that have some gristle maybe that you missed. Just something that was that you don't necessarily want in your sausage. But you want it all kind of an even color. Now if you're going to spice this you're going to stir it up anyhow because you want the spices in here thoroughly. If you're just going to put it away as ground pork then you just want to make sure that the fat and the lean are evenly distributed. There's lots of recipes online for how to make sausage. What to put in your sausage. Everybody has a lot of different ideas. What's in there sausage and what's not. I kind of cheat. I use I use peasant spices. Sausage mixes. This is a bratwurst mix. It's one tablespoon per pound. This is in the neighborhood of four pounds. So I'm going to put about four tablespoons of spice in here, fold it in and make myself some patties that I'm going to put in the freezer. I'll do that after a bit. Right now, the first thing we want to do here is show you how to clean. You're going to take the screw out. It rocks out pretty easily. Once the screw is loose. You're going to want to take off the head. There's going to be a certain amount of meat in here that didn't get ground. The blade comes off. The head comes off. You're just going to put it on the sink and wash it all out and get everything out. The screw body comes out the back and just thoroughly wash it. The attachment isn't necessarily attachment for everybody. If you like processed meats and you like your sausage from the grocery store, then you're probably pretty cool without it. If you're concerned about the things that are added to your sausage or just plain want to experiment with spices, then this is the attachment you want. You're going to be sure that the meat has no additives to it. It's basically spliced with the spices you've chosen. Yes, I think it's a great attachment.