 Okay, so I've seen a lot of videos online on how to pressure clean driveways. I've seen people show how to clean your driveway with chemicals, but they don't say what it is. Here's the easiest way to do it. Get yourself a $9 sprayer from Home Depot or Lowe's regular pool chlorine. A form of acid so you know suit up if you feel that's necessary. The fumes aren't that bad, you're not putting your face in them. If you have little kids or animals, I would not have them running around on the driveway while you're doing this, seeing how they're lower to the ground. But it's pretty harmless. You know, if you get on your hand, just rinse it off. So I'm going to put this in time lapse and spray the driveway and then we'll check it in a few hours and see how it looks. Okay, this is where we're at so far. Just try to apply a nice even coat. I guess lighting wise it's hard to see, but it's much cleaner than it was. And like I said, as time goes on, it'll just keep getting brighter and brighter. I'll have to go back over and hit a couple of the darker spots. But that's it so far. I probably have been out here 15 minutes. So I'll finish it up and then we'll take a look at it in an hour. Okay, so it's been an hour. You can see the driveway is way cleaner than it was. I'm just going to go over some of the dark spots because I'm watching the video where I thought I got great coverage. It looks different on the video than when I'm actually spraying. The dark spots here are still where it's wet. These later spots are where it still needs a little bit more. So I'm going to hit it again real quick. And then I'll check it again tomorrow. All right, that's it. I'm going to let it sit till tomorrow. We're back and that's pretty much the finished driveway. It has rained so I don't think it's going to get any whiter. Try to do this when it's not going to rain. And it's early. The dark spots you see are just the driveway discoloration. It's the driveway's old. This is house is 30 years old. But it looks good. The owner loves it. It only takes a few minutes to do so instead of wasting money on pressure cleaning and all that time and set up and give this a whirl. Thanks for watching.