 Hi, I'm Amy from She Cooks Sheeves and this week I'm going to show you how to make super easy puff pastry. I've never made a secret of the fact that I find pastry really easy and I get very frustrated when cooking shows like the Wraithbridge Bake Off make it seem really hard. Now there is a full way of making puff pastry which I adore doing but this way is really quick, really easy. And if you're a bit nervous about making a farane to pastry, this is a perfect way to start. So start off, 225g of flour, plain flour and half teaspoon of salt, 150ml of cold water and 250g of chilled cube butter. Take your flour and salt and sift it into a bowl. Okay, and then put everything, the flour, the water and your butter in the fridge for 10 minutes and go away. The reason I'm putting in the fridge is that pastry works best if it's really really cold. You are going to work with the pastry and you know mixing with your hands and that is immediately going to make it warm up. So for cold you can get the ingredients as you're going the better. Right, so 10 minutes have gone. I'm going to show you the rest of the video over my shoulder so you can see exactly what I'm doing with my hands and with the pastry. So I have my flour and salt here, I'm going to take my cold butter and a few cubes at a time just drop it in. Once it's in I'm just going to very gently toss so that the butter is coated in flour and repeat. A few cubes. I mean put as many in at once as you feel comfortable with. The important thing is that you don't want the butter to stick together. Until the balls you can see a bit more. Just toss them in separate them out. Obviously as you get more and more butter cubes in there it just gets slightly more difficult. That's fine, it's not hard. But I want you to be able to watch this whilst you're making pastry. See what I'm doing and feel like you can do it too. Just give it a good toss to make sure everything's really evenly distributed. But I think that looks good. There's no obvious bits of best of that I can see that haven't got a slour coating them. Grand. So, and now I'm going to tip in the water and bring everything together using a spoon. If you've got a large round-laded knife like a palette knife that might be better. Now I'm not mixing this, this is very important. You're not trying to mix the butter into the dough. The whole point where I've played to pastry is the fat doesn't get fully incorporated yet. You are literally stirring it to bring it together. I'm not trying to blend the butter in and just try and just treat the water for all the flour is together. When it gets to this point, scrape off the excess on your spoon or your knife. And then use your hands to just clump. If it's a bit wet don't worry, you're going to be flaring your work surface ever. So, now you have a big mess like that. You want to wrap it in cling film and chill it for 10 minutes. Again with the chilling I know but it really does make a difference. If you're sensible you'll done this already. If not, your boyfriend will help you do it because he's lovely. Just kind of pat it out of it. And then wrap it up. I leave you do that, can I? So, 10 minutes has gone by. You can pastry a slightly chilled. We can start the fun stuff. Now they say the pastry should have really cold hands. And I find it helps. Maybe it's just a psychological thing I don't know. So what I did is I filled my kitchen sink with really cold water and kind of submerged my hands in it until they went numb. Really cold hands. Sprinkle my work surface with flour. This is a very wet dough. So I'm using quite a lot if your dough turns out to be less wet than this. I'm pretty used a little bit less. Rolling pin. Again, very wet dough. So I'm going to cover this in flour. Here we go. Nice and floury. I'll take my dough out. Sticking quite a lot to the cling film. It's okay. So, a bit more flour over the top. Seriously, feel free to flour the heck out of this. If you feel you need to. And just going to roll it. I'm going to roll it until it's the length of the rolling pin. And also, because it is very sticky, I don't want it to stick. I'm going to flip it around a bit. So it doesn't attach itself too hard. Oh, that's disgusting. I'm not working at all. It's okay. It's fine. Just persevere. If it gets to this point, it's sticking to the rolling pin. That's fine. Flour it. Roll it some more. Don't be scared of it. It will soon start to look more doughy. So you've gone to this point. Now, you're going to fold the top third in. Look at that. On the bottom third over. You're going to seal it by pressing gently on either side. You're going to turn it. Like that. Sprinkle more flour. Just a little bit more. Go around underneath it a little bit more as well. And then you're going to roll it again. So you can already see it's starting to behave itself slightly more. That's looking lovely. Big lumps of butter, as you can see. But they're starting to get slightly longer as the pastry starts to layer up and start to mix more. So once again, fold that bit over. And that bit over there. Seal the sides by pressing down firmly. And again, it's already sticking less and less to the rolling pin. It's a bit... ...a little bit more flour underneath. Turn it so it's a book so that the open side is that way. And roll it again. So this is the second time I've turned it. Now, you just turn it four times in total. You can already see this dough becoming a lot more like a dough. It's a lot neater, a lot more together. I hope you can see I'm not looking at the camera obviously. I'm looking at what I'm doing. You can roll it out a lot more flat. And that looks lovely. Topthered over. Bottomthered over. Seal. Seal. Seal. Seal. Doesn't need any more flour on the bottom at that point, I don't think. Maybe a smidge. So this is the third time I've turned it. Roll it out. If at any point everything starts getting too sticky as the butter heats up, that's fine. Just wrap it back in the cling film and pop it back in the fridge for 10 minutes. You can see I'm can roll it out longer and longer now without fear of it just completely coming up. Topthered over. Bottomthered over. Flip. Seal. Seal. Seal. That was my fourth time. One more roll out. For luck. The more you roll it the more delicious layers you get. The layers is what we want. You can see now there's still streaks of butter just there. Knowing there as much as they used to be. So you just start to get sticky. Again. Seal. Seal. Seal. And that is super easy puff pastry. And that's that. Leave it in the fridge for half an hour before you want to use it and then use it in any recipes for say sausage rolls or some nice desserts. Whatever you like. Play time at useful. See you next time. Bye.