 Hi, I'm Randy Golden from Medical Technologies at Georgia and I'm here today to introduce everybody to our new MTG Hydrophilic Coded Intermittent Catheters. So let's take a look at what's inside each package. We have the catheter, the blue no touch sleeve, and the water sachet all packaged in a neat and completely sterile sleeve. Upon flipping the package over, you want to verify French size, length and tip style are as prescribed by your doctor. MTG Hydrophilic catheters are offered in French sizes 8 through 16. We also offer male and female length, straight or crude A tip, and for users with sensation we offer a new soft vinyl catheter that's much more comfortable to use. So let's look at each of the individual catheters we offer. First of all, the pediatric style. Our 10 inches long, with the appropriate color coded funnel, this one happens to be an 8 because again it is an international color coding. The pediatric products do come with the no touch sleeve. For ladies, we have the female length catheter which doesn't have the sleeve and the reason being that we felt like there wasn't enough room on the catheter to be able to hold the catheter and the sleeve and we thought the sleeve might just get in the way. So we offer this one without the sleeve but again as you watch the female video you see how easy this catheter is to insert. For male users we have a couple different options. The 16 inch long male catheter does come with the blue no touch sleeve. This is our firm option. We also make the exact same catheter in a softer variety. So if you have any sensation as you catheterize you may wish to try the soft variety as it is going to be more comfortable to insert again with the blue no touch sleeve. And then finally we offer the kudai variety. This happens to be a 16 again the orange tip and you see here the end of the catheter has a little bend on it and that is designed to get the catheter past any strictures along the way or in a large prostate. All of our catheters whether it be kudai, pediatric etc all have rounded fire polished islands. So they are going to be less traumatic as the catheter passes through the urethra less irritating. And all of our catheters are D.E.H.P. free. There isn't any of the D.E.H.P. carcinogen in any of our catheters. So now let's talk about the correct use of MTG hydrophilic coated catheters. In order to use the catheter what we are going to do is we are going to bend at the top where the water session is located and burst it open. Then you are going to unfold the package and slosh the package back and forth 5 or 6 times to make sure that the entire surface of the catheter is coated. And then we are going to wait 30 seconds for the coating to activate. While we are waiting 30 seconds for the catheter to hydrate, a little tip here is to remove the blue wrapper and use the sticky to adhere the catheter nearby where you are actually going to do the catheterization procedure. Hygiene is very important when you catheterize. Always remember to wash your hands and your genitalia prior to catheterization and afterwards. Alright. So to catheterize with the MTG hydrophilic catheter, pull it out of the pouch using the blue note touch sleeve. And then you want to just expose the green funnel or whichever funnel color you have got and use the blue sleeve to slide down the surface of the catheter. You notice here the catheter is very sleek. There is not any residue or any milky substance coming off the surface of the catheter. It is very very slick. I am now going to let go of the catheter with my left hand. I am also right handed. I am going to do the majority of the insertion with my right hand. I am going to hold the penis with my left. I am going to hold the penis with the last three fingers of my non-dominant hand. I am going to insert the catheter in the urethro opening just like so. Get it started. And just at the point where the blue sleeve almost reaches the urethro opening, I am going to reach back now and grab that green funnel. Again I don't want to touch the surface of the catheter. I am going to scoot back about three inches with the blue sleeve and I am going to begin insertion. Same thing, back about three inches and continue the insertion just like so. At some point I am going to see urethro. When ureth begins to fall I am going to give the catheter one more advancement to get the catheter right in the middle of the bladder and I am going to direct the fluid down into the toilet. Upon completion of the urethro, again using that blue sleeve, I am going to pull the catheter out about a half an inch to see if I have an additional fluid. And you can see here that I have like go of the tube with my left hand. Now I am going to reach back and get a tissue from the toilet paper roll and as the catheter leaves the body I am going to use that tissue to catch the eyes of the catheter so they don't have any dripping on the floor. When I am finished I am going to wrap everything up and toss everything away. Please remember that use catheters can be a potential biohazard. Please dispose of these using accepted medical practice. Thank you for watching our video today. If you would like samples please go to our website, medtechga.com. You can get samples of our uncoated catheters, a hydrophilic catheters and if you are having issues with the current urinary tract infections you can request samples of our closed system intermittent catheters which are designed to reduce the risk of UTIs.