 Hi guys, I'm Laura Vitale and on this episode of Laura in the Kitchen I'm so excited because, well, see, I love anything red velvet and brown times tears around the corner. If you're anything like me, you'll be staying in your cozy nice house because it is too cold out and then I want to deal with crowd and all that fun stuff, which is not that fun for me. So we'll be staying in, we'll be making breakfast and bed and I'm making a really lovely dinner at Joe and I. But for breakfast, I figured I wanted to share with you a great option and I'm going to share my red velvet pancakes with a lovely cream cheese drizzle. They are so good. Think red velvet cupcakes, but in a pancake form. So it's incredibly easy to do. You'll require just a few ingredients and it really is. It just feels special. It just feels like you've gone the extra length to do something really, really special for the occasion and the ingredient you'll need are basic ones. Starting with some all-purpose flour, baking powder, cocoa powder, salt and sugar, butter milk, egg, you'll need some melted unsalted butter, vanilla extract and some red food coloring. And I'll share with you the ingredients for the cream cheese drizzle and just a little bit. When you're going to get started on the actual batter, really easy, so, so easy. I'm going to mix together my dry ingredients. You can double up the recipe to feed a family of four to six. This is going to make enough for the two of us plus with some leftovers and here is a really fun thing. I don't know if I've ever shared with you before, but I love storing leftover pancakes in my freezer like I freeze them and then I just warm them up in my toaster oven. Pop. My toaster, it's not a toaster oven. See, I try to be cool and then I just, I just destroyed myself in a toaster. I like reheating them in a toaster. So and now I'm just going to take my butter milk. It's really nice and thick. My egg butter and then just a splash of vanilla and I'm going to give these just a little mix before I add them to my dry ingredients. Can I get this vanilla open? Yes, I can. A nice little drizzle of vanilla and then just give this a nice whisk to combine. Add the wet into your dry. Now all you're going to do is mix this together to combine and once you have your batter pretty much together, we're going to start adding some of the red food coloring, but I want to get this mixed up really well first. Okay, you can see that there's a few lumps in there, but this is the thing. A few lumps in a pancake batter is not a bad thing. You don't want to over mix this because otherwise your pancakes won't be really fluffy and delicious. And now I'm going to add in a little bit of food coloring. These are red velvet after all. If you don't want to bother with a red food coloring, you don't have to, they will taste exactly the same, but again, we're going for that red velvet vibe. So I'm going to red velvet vibe. That's pretty cool. I'm going to add some red, some red food coloring to my red velvet pancakes. It's like my excitement has taken over here. And then I just start with a little bit and get that mixed in. And then you just keep adding until you get the intense color that you desire. Okay, this looks great. Now I've got my griddle here preheating. Now I have a nonstick griddle pan. So that means I don't have to grease my griddle pan to make my pancakes. And should be told, sometimes I like cooking my pancakes in a little bit of butter, but most of the time I like cooking them with just my nonstick griddle because they come out perfect and fluffy, not, they don't over, they don't, they're not overly brown. So I prefer cooking them on this. If you don't have a nonstick one, you must grease your skillet or your pan because the batter will stick to whatever you're cooking it on. I'm preheating this over about medium heat. I'm going to let my batter sit for about five minutes while this is preheating and then we'll cook up our pancakes. My pan is ready. My batter has rested and now I'm just going to put little dollops and just let them cook for a couple of minutes on each side. You know what pancakes look like when they're ready to be flipped. They'll start to form bubbles kind of all around the top and then you just flip them, let them cook for a couple more minutes and you're done. Keep an eye on them and I'll show you what they look like once we're all done and then once they cool a bit we can start making, can I make more of a mess by the way? We can start making our glaze. All my pancakes are done. Like I said, you can add more red food coloring to get them really, really red or you can even do green for the same Patrick's Day. You can do whatever you want. Think about this as far as food coloring goes. What are they? Yellow and yellow. It's completely up to you. This is the right color for me. The world is my pickle. This is how I'm digging it today. Now I'm going to work on the glaze. Now I really like a glaze. Meat frosting I suppose. It is delicious. You can serve these with maple syrup and they would be fabulous but why not go all the way? I've got a little bit of cream cheese in my bowl. Really important that you cream cheese is at room temperature and as you can see I'm kind of just mixing it around to make sure it's really soft and I want this to be hard because then it won't incorporate everything well. I'm going to add just a teeny tiny bit of vanilla more than a teeny tiny bit but hey I like vanilla so I am okay with a little extra drop. And then of course we need some confectioners sugar because this needs to be sweetened. What I do is I kind of just work with my spatula and just work to mix in my confectioners sugar and then I start adding a little bit of milk at a time once my sugar is incorporated and just mix until I get the desired consistency that I'm looking for. Some people want this to be like a frosting. Some people want it to be really thin like a syrup but you do and add as much or as little as you want. I'm going to add a little bit more. I'm going to keep on mixing until I've got the bright consistency. This is perfect for me as you can see. I got a little plate ready for myself priorities. Of course I need some ready and now I'm just going to add a little drizzle of this gorgeousness and you can make it thinner if you want to but I like it quite a little thick side because I really am treating this almost like a frosting. I know I'm so bad. I mean who does that for breakfast? I do! Not embarrassed either because you know what? It's a treat and once in a while you have to treat yourself otherwise you go nuts. That's what my mother says and then as a rule I have been following my whole life clearly. Look at that. They are just so perfectly cooked. Haha. Mmm. Not as good as you would. No. You could make regular pancakes and that's perfectly acceptable but when something special as red velvet pancakes are so easy, why not go through the extra step and make something really special for your romantic breakfast. Laura in the kitchen on calm has the recipe waiting for you. If you make these please make sure you send a social media, a picture on social media so that I can see your recreation. Hope you enjoy spending time with me and I'll see you next time. Bye!