 Welcome to our super funky doll. This is what we are cooking today. As Super tasty dinner, you know, takes about 40 minutes to make. I think she's blowing calories high in fiber. Feels you're grateful, is it? Like a hug. Like a hug. I think it's so good and healthy, and particularly in winter nights, cold nights, any night you're feeling knackered, and you feel like you need a hug. This recipe is for you. So first step we're going to do is dice up our garlic, so slice up nice and finely. We're going to grate our ginger. Beautiful looking ginger. Great idea, right? Yeah, great knife, it's fine, easier. And if you've got using organic ginger, I never really feel it, because a lot of the nutrition is in the skin of it. And now I'm just going to dice up, chop up my onion, nice and finely. So we use two red onions, and most because there's, you know, the look a little more interesting. I'm going to add a little bit of water. And the, in the, that mean bright colors. Now that that's all diced, I'm just going to get my harbond. So I'm going to add in a little bit of water. Wow, why are you frying a water, Dave? Well, Steve, I just want to keep your super low in calories. And I don't really want any oil. And so I'm going to keep it really, you know, low in calories and high in nutrition, high in vitamins and minerals and fiber. And also it's a wonderful good step. So next up I'm just going to do is chop up my tomatoes. I'm going to roughly chop them. You know, I've got four tomatoes, fresh tomatoes. But if you want, you can just use, Tim tomato, just use a tin of tomatoes instead. It's roughly the same. Four tomatoes is about one tin. So now I'll just add the tomatoes as I'm cutting them. And I'm just going to add in a pinch of salt, a teaspoon of salt. I don't actually have a pinch of salt, too, Dave. Salt just helps it take some of the moisture to the tomatoes. OK, so now I'm just going to dice up the courgette. I have selected one fine, beautiful courgette. So courgette's a very watery. The water will help kind of boil our dish up, but it'll also kind of add a nice green color. Now I'm going to add my georgette. And as they go, welcome to the party courgette. I love the color. I have a lovely steak. So the colors are looking really good now. It's looking a little more interesting. And there's a nice pang, a ginger off. They can really get that. So when you cook that in a high heat for about another three, minutes, three, four minutes, until it kind of starts to come together a little bit. And the tomatoes start to release their sauces, the juices of it. The longer you can leave this, the better. The more it's going to kind of boil it in and kind of concentrate. So if you had kind of half an hour, you could put it down in a low heat, put the lid on and leave it to simmer away. That's what I go off and do. But right now we're just going to knock it out, put it in a pointy and quick. OK, so now I'm just going to add my lentils. I've got some split red lentils. Really fantastic, super high in protein and fiber and full in nutrition. And they really make things taste super good. So in they go, I've got 500 grams of red lentils. Dave, will they not take ages to cook? No, not really. Split red lentils take about half an hour to cook. I always find onion add in three tablespoons of tamarind. So what's tamarind, Dave? It's just a weekly soy sauce, Steve. So if you didn't have tamarind, what else could you use? You could just use soy sauce. There it goes. I always find tamarind has kind of like a lovely age, kind of more complete and well-rounded flavor. So I'm going to add in two liters of water. In you go water. That's kind of what the red lentils are going to boil in. It goes a line, juice of one line. The only reason I'm using a line, if you've got a lemon, just use that. I just find them lacing, lines down the seeds. So there's no risk of seeds getting in my dinner. And now I've got lots of different spices. Here they are. Beautiful little spices. I've got some prairie powder. I've got some cumin. I've got black pepper. I've got turmeric. And I've got a pinch of cayenne just to give it a little bit of white. That's a really good idea. In you go, welcome to the party. Enjoy your stay. Make my dish taste fantastic. Please, thank you. So it's probably going to take about 40 minutes to boil away now. And the thing with red lentils is they love to stick to the bottom of the pot. So you don't want to be stirring all the time, but occasionally every few minutes, you want to give it a quick stir. OK, so while that's boiling away, as I said, that's going to take about half an hour. I'm going to make a simple little salad to go with it. So I've got, ah, that's one red onion. So it's a simple little salad of red onion, cucumber, tomato. I'm going to add a little bit of coriander and a little bit of lemon. It's just a simple little thing. I'm going to dice it really, really fine. The slice it really, really fine. And I'll just serve it on top of my towel. Real fresh and zingy. Go right where I go. We're going to serve this towel with homemade pitas, some of the towel. I just absolutely don't know how you should fresh by towel or it's all good. So now that she's cooked away and she's all cooked together. How do you know? How do you know if she's cooked? If she's ready to go. She starts smelling lovely, starts taste and goods. Usually the lentils are break up. Sometimes they won't. In this context, they haven't broken up. So it's kind of more like super rather than one kind of consistent body. It'll start tasting really good, smelling really good. You know, usually it takes about 20 to 40 minutes. That's sort of time. And you also notice a lot of the water is boiled away. So first thing I would say is season it. Just taste it. Let your spoon get in there and try it. And decide if it needs more salt or not or pepper. You know, the way you know, if it needs more salt, it just lacks cohesion. The salt will help you bring the flavors together. Buined at all. So again, I feel this needs more salt from my palate. So I'm going to add in a couple of pinchers of salt in it goes. And it'll just, that'll just try to balance, that'll help balance the dish and just help marry the flavors together. Okay, good one. There we go, enough. I do like salt, sorry. Okay, and she goes. Okay, you didn't. Should I put a bit of coriander to her? Yeah, I'd love to. So again, we're just going to put a bit of coriander to, you know, I'm ripping up a bit loosely because it's nice getting just big chunks of coriander leaves. And so here we are, that's our super tasty, Dow, really simple to cook. You know, I think it's a really universally enjoyed dish. It's not too spicy, it's more savory and tasty. Really low in calories, it's about four to five hundred. Super calories per serving. It's just so lovely and comfy and it's a great one, like, to cook, kind of in bulk and put in the freezer and half of those nights when you come home and you just, you don't want to knock it in your knackered and you're kind of brave and something crap. Which just means you're going to eat something nice and healthy. Yeah, really holds some super-hulsome and tasty. And the whole meal of pita's grow a grain of it. They're nice like that they're toasted soldiers. So there you are. If you like what you saw, please subscribe and thanks a million.