 Hi my name is Paige and today I'm going to show you how to wash your face. This is shadow. You're going to show how to wash your face. You're going to do my eye. So you'll need a halter, a lever, a body brush, a toothpick, and a sweat scrubber. Now first of all you want to put the halter on which you've already done, then you want to go into the wash face. Okay, so you want to tie your horse up in a quick relation. This is so I think it's good. You can let them go really quickly. This feels amazing. Okay. Now you want the temperature of the water quite a one day's day so we'll have it cool but not cold. I suggest you go one with another that's got some changes to fresh up. Have it a little bit wide. Now what do you want to do? Make your room sticky. Why do you want the water right? You want to get your room sticky? Okay. Try your horse. Well actually you don't really need the room sticky so just be able to be a regular life free. I think that has been on the trial of life. Use the room sticky for dropping the stuff. Okay. So why don't you go out the wall of the earth then under the earth to pass through the window of the world and that's why I want the sand to go up. Go on the hill. Can you come up the leg? Now it's cool. Okay. Then you want to come up towards the other side. And you can have the water which not going to get wet as three of this way. You want to do it like this way you're going to be able to do it like after body or the water coming down to the other side. So you want to try and pick it up and get wet. You want to get wet the leg? The wall is here. Hop in. Don't get frightened getting there. It's better than having the clay in the end. Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? First floor is here. Come up with a tile in the face. And then always point the board towards the back and then before you start like the area especially this one. Add two towels. You want to point the wall and you can see where it is. As you can see the back of your bubble. You come up and that's the way. But there's more bubbles in the water too. Then you know you're sitting one and five. And the closest is this. The time the egg come on you're going to be one and five. Let's do the whole thing down. You can put the water in the back of your back. Are you going to do the same thing? Then you want to put the tile in one of these. Before we take this clean too, I want you to go see the water. So that's the one side that had water more. Now what I do is come forth and don't lie from you water the hose. So by the way, I actually put it in the back because it doesn't really like it. So what I suggest you do is the body wrap. They still might think all of these are scary. But it's going to be better than leaving all of the floating marks on them. They just show the water they just don't go at full on at their head. Then do behind the ears where the crown pieces, then the brow band, the brow band, I recognize it's the most important because they get really sweaty there. Then where the cheek pieces are practically all over their face, come to their eyes as well. Throw it large. Try and get the nose. Some also want to let you do it. That's fine. Just if you want to see your hands. And then you want to do the other side exactly the same. Then what you want to do is you just press right back and point it towards the horses tail. You want to guide the rubber band down with the horses back. Now make sure you don't go on least body parts because it'll hurt them because the skin's really thin. So with the legs, you don't want to do the legs. You can maybe just do the upper legs because it's muscle. And then the under. Her arm. Then you want to do the same thing on the other side. When you finish the other side, you want to do one big sweep on the bottom. A sweat scraper isn't usually enough to completely drench them. So if you get back to the stable or the bar and just run a towel over them, now come a bit better. Thanks for watching and I hope you enjoyed. Bye.