 I've got a little tip for you when it comes to making Pavlova that gives you the perfect fluffy marshmallow centre crispy on the outside Pav. This is how you do it. I've already put together my egg whites, look at that. Beautiful, big ribbons and then make sure you don't go and bang the side of the bowl because you'll knock more air out. I've got my egg whites, some sugar, a little vanilla, but here's the important part. A little corn flour and what we're going to do is pop that in there and then sift it through. So you sort of just distribute it evenly over the top and then you're going to gently, gently fold it. Now this is the important part of the process because you don't want to knock any of that beautiful air that you've gone to all that effort of incorporating into your egg whites out. So once you've incorporated that corn flour through your meringue, the next thing that we're going to do is shape our Pavlova. So I've got a little trick for that as well. Take a baking sheet and a piece of parchment paper, get yourself a marker pen and just go around the outside of a cake tin. That's going to give you a nice circle. Turn your paper over and I just take just the tiniest bit of meringue and make sure that I stick down all four corners of my paper. The reason for doing this is because you're going to probably put it in a fan-forced oven and you don't want that paper to flap up and hit the side of your meringue. So stick it all down and then once you've done that, you're actually going to get a beautiful shape to your Pav because you're going to be able to keep it within sort of the confines of that circle. Then you can kind of shape it a little. I like to sort of get a few peaks in there and then that's going to give you some texture once the Pav's actually made. So the Pav was in the oven at 105 degrees. In fact, I turned the oven right up to 150 when I put the Pav in, I turned it right down to 105. I leave it in for an hour until it's beautiful and dried out on the outside. You just got to be pretty dry to touch. I've let it cool down and now I'm going to show you what we do next. What you want to do is get it off the paper first and foremost. So you can just peel that paper off and you can see how you can sort of move that around. You can get your hand underneath there. Just kind of peel the paper back just like that. Over the cake dish or the plate that I'm going to put it on, just in case it cracks and falls like that. You can just scoots your paper out. Lovely. So now you've got it on your cake plate or your cake stand, you're ready to go. There's a couple of things left to do. We've got some beautiful whipped cream. Now I never sweeten my cream because the Pav over itself is of course extremely sweet. The fruit you want to have a little bit of tartness to it. So I've got that beautiful natural flavour of the strawberries. I've added just a little amaretto. Big tip, if you're taking this as a gift to somebody's barbecue, bring the fruits separately and put the fruit on once you arrive at the party. Otherwise, you're in massive danger of the big pev slide. It's not what you want. A little pistachio over the top. If you want to use a little bit of icing sugar, you can do that as well. What a Pav over. Take that, honey, March.