 Hi guys, West Coast React has to an update on the the mites. I've taken a good look at them underneath the microscope and they are what I believe to be just flower mites or crane mites. So what I'm doing is they need 55% moisture to survive or better or higher I should say. So what I'm doing is I'm putting two of these a carton pieces down and then one on top that's completely dry and I'm gonna leave this on top there. I'm just staying out with one hand. There we go. So the bottom two I mean they can get moist all they want. The mites will only stay around the moist area. They won't climb up onto the dry unless it's a live animal and they're this whole thing would have to be completely dry and then it would they would hit the ride on whatever they could see if you had a big trenchland there they would hop on and they would go into a phase and then this phase it's it's almost like they're an egg. They develop a suction cup and they suction onto whatever they're gonna get onto and then when they get to an area where there's humidity and food they'll drop off and that's where they'll recolonize but for now I'm gonna keep the substrate moist. These little crickets are hatching out. I've looked at three or four of them underneath the microscope. There's no mites on them at all. I doubt that mites are gonna even get on these. I mean they're the mites are half the size of the crickets are and if they do get on I'll see them. So what I'm doing is I'm gonna collect any of them that go on underneath this dry one. I'm gonna collect them into here which I've already collected a bunch and I've taken a look at these with magnifying glasses and with the microscope as well. Of course the ones on in the microscope were now dead so if you got harmed in this video ha ha. Anyway these ones seem pretty safe. I'm just gonna keep an eye on them and use them as feeders. A worse comes to worse. I have to clean mites off my trancheless. I may have to do so anyway because I have been feeding them the mealworms. I did go through the one with the beetles in it quite thoroughly and all this food is really dry. The substates really dry. There's beetles. There's a few mealworms in there so but absolutely could not find any mites which is awesome. So that one I'm keeping I still have to go through that one. I'm just gonna apologize for the mess. I got everything all over the place with this mite thing. I just everything's got its place and it's staying there until I I know for sure but nothing's gonna get near the trancheless and this is all gonna get disinfected right after I remove this. This is only been up this container with the crickets. This has only been here a few minutes. So I'm going to cover this up, take it off, put it in its own little spot, weigh you away from here and then get as many crickets out of there as possible and then turf the substrate, everything in it and sterilize that a lot of it. Now the best way to get rid of mites is you could simply I mean a flower mitre green mite you could simply put this whole thing if this was a say a tranchilla enclosure you leave the hide in it you leave everything in it you take the tranchilla out put the tranchilla in ICU just like this you know a little bit of paper towel on the bottom. When you put the paper towel in you want to try to get a dark paper towel not a brown not a white you want to get either black or an orange like a Halloween type napkin would be awesome black would be preferable then you could actually see the mites on it so you put that in there you know give it a little bit of moisture and put your spider in there and that's as I see you until you deal with this enclosure now with this enclosure like I said you can just leave everything in there put the lid back on it throw it into a garbage bag and seal it or some type of bag that you know is not going to nothing's gonna be able to get out mice cannot get out of it that's important and then or I mean depends stuff it into a deep freeze leave it there for four to seven days if you really want to feel comfortable leave it there for seven days take it out let it off for a day get to room temperature all the mites and all the eggs will be dead and you can just put your tranchilla straight back into it as long as he's Mike freaks oops I think I plug in the mic on this I don't even know where it is but yeah as long as the spiders might free he can then go back into the enclosure and everything's good if you don't want to go that route you just turf the substrate if he's got like a wooden hide you can take any wood and throw it in the oven at 200 to 250 degrees and leave it in there for two to three hours depending on the temperature you put it on the lower you want it have it on the hot longer you want to leave it in there it won't burn the wood it won't catch on fire keep an eye on it though you don't want to leave the house you know you are putting wood into your oven and all ovens tend to vary in temperature so you really need to keep an eye on it and be there but yeah that that will kill any mites on it freezing them will kill any mites on it so anyway you want to go there's perfectly fine to clean out your enclosure basically anything like this something plastic I mean you can't put it in the oven obviously you can freeze it's gonna take you four to seven days but what you can do is you can just run it under hot hot hot hot tap water and depending on the thickness of the plastic you could even pour boiling water into it but I got to warn you that may warp your enclosure because plastic does not tend to take the heat too well but I'm pretty sure that if you just run it under hot hot water hot hot water it's gonna get rid of any mites and then you can wipe it out with a bittinger water solution that'll help and then make sure it's dry completely dry if you want you leave it for 24 hours check it out make sure that all the cracks and crevices don't have any mites in it I mean mine they're gonna be completely submerged in hot water and left there overnight and then all rinse it out and do a vinegar bath with it and then probably I'll let it dry and let it sit for a month I don't care I'm gonna get I've got a bunch of other ones over there that I can use that are might free and I'll just use them that's another way you can go just let it sit somewhere for a long period of time gestation period for or the the life cycle of a flower might is about 28 days to 30 days depending on the heat the temperature and whatnot and humidity so you say 30 days is safe so if you leave it for a month and a half you're pretty much guaranteed there's gonna be no mites and it as long as it's dry and in a cool place you're good you don't want to leave it in a nice moist place that's warm because well it can be infested with mites again thing with green and flower mites if they get into your kitchen that's where the problems begin you've got to get rid of everything pasta anything with that's made with a grain or wheat or flour or anything pasta nuts seeds berries raisins anything like that these things are just gonna glom onto it you're basically gonna have to turf them out they won't hurt you to eat them they may make your flower tastes kind of funny if you squish them they kind of got a minty smell to them but they're not gonna hurt you to eat them unless you're allergic to them you could actually go into anaphylactic shock by eating grain flower mites if you have a high allergy to them so always better to be safe than sorry in my opinion but yet getting a amount of your coverage and stuff like said the gestation or the life cycle period is 30 days so you may want to I mean your past and stuff you could just freeze it stick it in the freezer for a week put it in an airtight container freeze it for a week when you take it out leave it airtight for a day until it comes to room temperature before you remove the lid because obviously the second you do that electrolysis takes place and the warm hits the cold and condensation builds up and then your past is just a gooey mess things like that I mean it's stuff stuff you have to think about flower things like that let them sit in the containers don't open them up don't let air get to them right away it'll just become a huge breeding ground for mites if you did that so anyway just quick update and a kind of a how to get rid of mites anyway I've got my work cut out for me and I've got some rehousing to do so I will get on that thanks for watching please comment like and subscribe if you have not already bye for now