 What is up y'all, welcome back to my channel. Nickelodeon's Kids Choice Awards are coming up soon. Today I partnered with Nickelodeon to make this video. They have the biggest athletes, they have the craziest competitions, and most importantly, they have tons and tons of slime. This year's superstar quarterback Russell Wilson will be hosting. superstar athlete Michael Phelps is receiving the Kids Choice Sports Legend Award. Not only does the Legend Award come with its own gold Nickelodeon blip, the winner also gets gold slime. Nickelodeon will cover Michael Phelps with hundreds and hundreds and gallons of gold slime. Some of the past winners are Covey Bryant, Derek Jeter and David Beckham. Here are some clips from past winners of the Legend Award. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. So in honor of the Legend Award Nickelodeon asked me to try and make my own version of gold slime. Though with our brother, do let's try to make some Nickelodeon gold slime. To make some gold Nickelodeon slime, I'm starting off with clear glue. If you use white glue, your gold slime is honestly just going to look like peanut butter. Y'all also know I love jumbo batches of slime, so we're adding lots and lots of glue into our mixing bowl. Also a quick tip for making clear slime is adding water and mixing it in. The more clear we can keep this, the more the gold is going to shine through our slime. I'm adding about two cups of water to this because it's a big batch. Water also helps your slime be soft and stretchier, so that's what I want. Now it's time to add our slime activity. We're going to use baking soda and contact lens solution. I usually just eyeball everything, but this time I'm making sure to add less baking soda than I usually do to get a softer, looser consistency than usual. Now it's time for the fun part. Let's make this slime gold. I have two different shades of gold and I'm going to start off by pouring this really pretty loose pigment. Now it's time for some contact lens solution. This is when the magic happens. Hello slime. Keep adding this in slowly and mix it until you get the consistency that you want. Now this right here is what I would call Nickelodeon slime. It's super loose and sticky. It's so relaxing. I can literally bathe in this and be so happy. So I feel like the gold sign from the Kids Choice Sports Awards is darker gold. This is more of a yellow gold. So I'm mixing in another shade of gold. There you go. Now it's looking more like the Kids Choice Sports Awards Nickelodeon gold slime. This slime is really cool, but honestly though I can't really play with it as much as I want to, it's way too messy, so sorry, Nick. But your girl's going to add more contact lens solution. Now it's coming together. Look how pretty this looks. And there is my version of gold slime. This here Kids Choice Sports Awards will be bigger, better and slimy than ever so you don't want to miss it. It's the summer slimeiest showdown and it's going to be lit. Kids Choice Sports premieres on July 16th to 8 p.m. 7th Central on Nickelodeon. Stay tuned. So I'm on my way right now to the Kids Choice Sports Slime Slime rehearsal or whatever. I think I might be getting slimed. I hope I get slimed. I don't really care about my makeup on my hair. My hair actually didn't really do much to it. But what does it look like to that? I'll try to have the natural summer vibe. I got my jersey on. Yeah, I'll put it on my pants. It's pretty lit. I'm ready to fly. I'm ready to fly. I'm ready to fly. 4, 3, 2, 1, go. 3, 4, 3, 2, 1, go. Yeah. Everyone say good-muffled. Yeah. I just got slime right now. I couldn't even hear because my ears are falling off slime. That was so much fun. You got it all in here. This is so messy. It's a day. You guys are slime everywhere. Like this is the slimeiest thing ever. They gave me like five towels. I feel like I was like the messiest one to everybody with the condos. And I'm just like, oh gosh. That was so cool to get slime by like Nickelodeon slime. I never knew what the texture was like. I didn't know what it would feel like. It was really like cool. Really refreshing since it's summer. It was a lot of slime. It doesn't look like that much slime. But you are literally showering inside like so, so much slime. It was amazing. I feel like I just accomplished one of my childhood goals. This year's Kids Choice Force Awards is gonna be bigger than ever. That was so cool to just see like everything being put together. What an awesome day. My slime dreams have come true. A tune is gonna be so lit.