 Ok familiar, we're gonna go ahead and today we're gonna make some shimishangas. I'm gonna be using my leftover takumiida made yesterday. So if you need to know how to make this meat going to my Takutus Day Sanchez style video. And this is the same meat I'm using. So since I had plenty, that's what I'm making today. So I'm gonna go ahead and deep fry those shimishangas. And some canola oil. I got that ready to go. I'm gonna use the large burrito, flour tortillas. It's easier for me to fold them up. So let's get started. Ok, we got my tortilla warmed up in the microwave for about 30 seconds. Also we warmed up the takumi, the leftover takumi. So now what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna go ahead and put some meat over the center of the tortilla. You're not gonna make a burrito. So it's gonna be about a couple of spoonfuls. I always had one of those cameras that I can use both hands. Because this is gonna be hard to fold this tortilla. Alright, what you gonna do is you're gonna fold your tortilla like a blanket. This is just a... It's gonna look like this. It's like folding. Nice blanket. You can see I'm using just one hand. Ok, turn it over. This is what you're gonna fry. Alright. That's one. I got my oil heating up right now. It's not quite there yet. So let me start making some more. While the oil gets hot, and then we'll start deep frying. Ok, so this is what they look like when you fold them up. You got that leftover takumi in there. They're ready to fry up. You can see how I fold them. The oil is about ready. I'm gonna go ahead and start. It's kinda hard doing this. I'm not burning myself. Right here I go. I'm gonna get this... I got my oil at about 20-50 degrees. I want it too hot because it's gonna burn the tortilla really quick. I'm gonna throw it in my second one. I'm gonna use my spoon. You can see it's not too hot. You don't want to burn. You want to get the oil too hot because it's going to cook up this tortilla like really quick. What I want to do is brown it. You see? You see it? Brown it on both sides. Turn it off. If you're meat-free cooked, so you don't get cooked much. Get it out of the oil. And then put it into the plate so the oil will soak up into the pepper towel. That's it. Careful where your oil is. It's still hot. Just remember the trick is I learned that don't heat up your oil too much because it's gonna burn them up. So all you want to do is you just want to lightly brown both sides. Take them out and they're ready to eat. So this dish, I made some Spanish rice. Got that steamed them up. And then I'm gonna make some cheese dip which I'm gonna pour over them. With your rice you see it. I'm gonna show you how I do my chili con queso for dish in Michangas. And it's gonna be Sanchezita. I'm gonna make the chili con queso. It's gonna go on top of those that are in Michangas. Just right up. So I'm gonna be using some Belvira. And a lot of people do this. This is the simplest chili con queso. Got some Belvira. I cut it up in cubes. Put a little bit of milk. And I got some homemade green chili. There's gonna throw in some of it. That or you can throw some of the diced tomatoes with green chili in it. Whichever you prefer to throw in your chili con queso. But this is the simplest way. So let me cut up a cube of some of these Belvira. So I can throw it up in the microwave. I got my Belvira cubed up. Cut up. Put a little bit of milk in it. I mean, I prefer throwing it in the microwave. But if you wanna put in a nice little saucepan. And put it over the stove to melt the cheese up. And this, that's your preference. But this is what I do. The quicker the better. Okay, I got my cheese dip already melted up. I'm gonna go ahead and add a little bit of green chili. This is just a homemade from jalapenos. But you can prefer. You can use the diced tomatoes and green chilis to throw in there as well. That's your preference. But this is sunshine style. So I'm gonna use the homemade jalapenos sauce that we made earlier. Mix it up with the cheese dip. This is gonna go over our chimichangas. Which we're done. Okay, one more time in the microwave. Okay, everything's ready. I'm gonna spend the rice on the side. I'm gonna cheese dip. We're going to pour. See how good they come out? You heard the taste they would be like trying to eat over this video. There you go, family. This is my chimichangas. With the leftover takami that I made. And some Spanish rice. Enjoy.