 Coming up on the hardest eating, I'll show you my Orzo pasta with roasted red peppers, parsley, capers, and borscht and cheese. This is not rice. That's the first thing you need to know. People confuse Orzo pasta for rice all the time. First step is your mason plus. That means everything in its place. Very important for the recipe to go well. First up, Italian flat leaf parsley. Very simply just minced up on your cutting board. You're going to use some of this to garnish and also to season the Orzo while it's cooking. So just get that minced up and set that aside. Next is going to be a shallot. This is one medium, actually small to medium shallot. I just want to peel off that crispy crackly paper. In this case, I just use my paring knife to peel it. These can be a little challenging to peel sometimes when they cure a little long. That skin can get pretty tough. So you have to pull it right off and that lets you get out the inside. Now what I like to do with these when you're mincing is make little teeny batons like that. Of course, keeping your fingers safe people. And once you do that, you turn it sideways and just use a sawing motion like that. Make some slits in it. And then you have a nice fine mits. Next up is going to be the roasted peppers. If you watch this channel for any length of time, you know that I love roasted peppers. And these are simply just whacked up a bit. You don't want perfect diced, nothing super fancy. Just chop the darn things up and keep moving along with your mason plus. Here are the capers. These are brined capers. And capers are the bud of a bush from the Mediterranean. Now there's also salted capers which I find to be a little higher quality. It can be a little more difficult for the average person to get in your supermarket. Near the mustards and the vinegars and all that, you'll find brined capers. And this is what you're seeing here. They're very unique in flavor. Now what a pain in the rump. This is so tired of peeling garlic. I've been doing it since I was 14 years old. It's a pain in the neck. Sometimes I buy California grown garlic cloves that are already peeled and those are lovely. Anyway, mince the garlic up and this will complete your aromatics. And that's going to be the shallots, the garlic, and also the capers are what lend the majority of the flavor to this dish. But let's not forget the borsan cheese. And this is flavored borsan. It's a shallot and chive version. This stuff is heavenly. Fire up your burner. And in this case, I've got just a, I don't know, about a five-court little pot there. In goes your extra virgin olive oil. Let that heat up a bit. And then you add in your aromatics. So this is a bit of a process here. We just want to sweat these out initially. Not for very long. I would say no more than a minute. And that's going to start to release some of the flavors and aromas. And help them go from being raw to somewhat cooked. Then in goes your orzo pasta. Not rice. You put in the orzo. And now you want to mix it around. And this is a technique you see with a lot of rice cookery, incidentally, stuff like Mexican rice, Spanish rice. They will put it in. And then with oil and toss it around. You see I season it up with salt and pepper. Now you just want to keep moving it around until it starts to get a nutty, golden brown. And that can burn easily, so be careful. Now you can see it's gotten brown. In goes the roasted pepper juice that's been reserved. My roasted peppers. And then I throw in the capers. Now you just want to stir this through just for a minute. And then you need to get your stock or broth. You can use vegetable broth if you want to keep it vegan. Or you can use chicken broth like I did in this case. Stir it around, cover it. The heat needs to go down to low. 10 to 12 minutes later, it will be cooked. And if you've done it right, you should have a lot of individual grains. So here you go. Partsly goes in. And then there's the borsan cheese. You just need to add that at the end. The heat from the orzo will kind of melt that. And just do take a little time to stir it all through. Nobody really wants at least I don't think a big giant chunk of borsan cheese. Because it's rather not strong. It's very flavorful. And there you can see a lot of beautiful individual grains. See other, they're not. It's not like a big clump. They move around quite easily. They fall apart. That is some really delicious food. Now just garnish that with some of your parsley. And the next step here is just to give it a taste. Right off the bat, it tastes nutty. The texture is very interesting with orzo. It's got that nutty flavor. And it's just got a really interesting texture. It's very kind of flaky, if you could imagine that. But the flavor of that roasted pepper and those pungent capers in there. The cheese gives it a really nice note. And it's a beautiful dish. Simple ingredients that anybody can find. But it's something that isn't cooked a lot, but I think you really love it. So go ahead and get you some and make some delicious orzo pasta. And folks, if you liked this video, I want to ask you to subscribe. Right there. Also, leave me a thumbs up that really helps. I do appreciate your time. And I hope to see you again soon on the next video. Take care folks. This is beautiful for children.