 Hey everyone and welcome back to Woodshop junkies. One of the things I've learned to taking up woodworking as a hobby is that there's no substitute for shop equipment and then every woodworking should have a set of woodstones in their workshop. To demonstrate this I'm going to take this brand new chisel and show you the difference between a seemingly shop edge and a razor shop one. Okay so this is a brand new chisel I purchased a couple of hours ago. It's not the most expensive one but even if you purchase expensive chisel chisels eventually they are going to get blunt or dull and you are going to need to sharpen them again. As you can see that it's got a bit of a matte like finish there and ideally we would want a mirror finish on the edge here. So even though this chisel might seem sharp it is not as sharp as it should be. Just to show you more or less why this chisel would not be sharp enough for to make fine joints or fine woodworking is generally how you would test to see if my chisel is sharp is to see if it can shave here and this obviously can't or just use a piece of paper and try and run it through it. Obviously you don't want to force it into the paper that defeats the purpose. So what I'm going to do first I've got two weights that's three actually but because I already have an edge on the chisel I'm not going to be worrying about the 250 grit I've got a thousand grit here and there's six thousand so with the thousand I'm going to try and get a rid of this this dull finish here first and then I'll polish it with the six thousand and we can taste it again then. Okay so what we want to do is we just want to run the chisel up and down along the width stone keeping that angle. Okay so now I've got a bit of a more shiny finish there now I'm just going to finish it off with a with a six thousand. I think it's ready. So that took me about five minutes as you can see we've got a nice mer like finish on the chisel there and now we're going to check it out and test it. Okay so it passed the paper test. That's indeed. And that's it guys using my two weight stones that took me about five minutes to put a razor shop H on this cheap chisel which is the couple hours ago and put it into a tool that I actually might or actually would want to have or use in my shop for my older chisels to shop in there maybe if they're better I would use start off with the two fifty just to level out the edge before I go over to the thousand. I might not mean to expert I've watched a couple of videos myself on shopening tools both the both the weight stones on Amazon that's that's how easy it is to have shop chisels and shop equipment in your shop and that's it if you enjoyed the video remember to subscribe if you have anything to add leave it in the comment section below and I will see you guys soon.