 Hello everyone, today we're going to fire through the wrist of the paint on this Honda Civic. The paint is really faded here, clear colors come away and a bit of oxidation here as well. Instead of respiring the whole bonnet, we'll try to take a shortcut and see what sort of result we get. I've already got everything I need to show you. So obviously first we need some water to clean it up before you apply any buffing compound or any cutting compound. You have to make sure that the bonnet and the paint surface is actually free of any dust. I've got some sponge here, but I've got some duct tape. I'll put around there just here, I think as a surface that I don't want the compound to get in contact with. I've got some cutting compounds here. I've got an electric buffer, I've got some semi-striker, I've got some microfiber cloth and once I'm done I've got some wax to put on as well. Let's get started and see how good it goes. We're going to give this bonnet a quick clean. You can see it's like looking bright so, but not like this is much watered right so it'll look dull again. I've cleaned up the bonnet and now I am actually drying it off with a chamois as well. You don't really need to use a chamois, you can use just a normal cloth but I just have more fun using it. I'm just going to show you guys something here. I've got it off and I've put masking tape. As I told you earlier it has dried off and it looks faded again. Alright, I'm going to start putting some of the compound area by area, small area. So basically I'm trying to do this section here. Now I think I'm letting it out. I'll try to be careful to do this section because whenever there is an edge you can't really even bust it up with the electric buffer properly so those sort of edge I will do it all together in a one go. Alright, I'll start buffing up and I've already applied few sections here and this section is almost done as well. I'll do one or two passes first and see if you have to do this up and if not then we'll apply a few more passes. Alright, we have done few passes. It came out good but you can't really see it now as you can see it's really smudgy but with your other finger you see it's tiny red. How good is that? So basically I'm going to take this microfiber clip and I'm just going to do it all this pain area. Well I've got also the compound off with the microfiber clip. Now I am just trying it out with the chamois. It'll obviously get a little bit of shiny white so it dries up but I'm going to do it up with some wax. I'm going to see what I'm going to do. Alright, it's all dry now. I'm going to do some waxing up. Change the pad as well. The polish pad and the buffer. And you can start it. I'm going to do some waxing up. I'm going to start it. I'm just finishing up with the waxing up. It came out better. This section I have done. This section I still haven't done with the waxing. It's not the best job but it looks a lot better than before. Thanks for watching the video.