 Okay, I'm going to show you the proper way to sew and tie your ballet technique shoes. First of all, if you notice with this ballet shoe, it has a split sole and this is what we recommend with all of our dancers in order for them to point their toes more easily in their shoes. In this shoe, first of all, you will have these cinch strings and these strings are really important with the younger dancers to tie and then cut because we will spend a lot of time tying these strings. So with these strings, what you'll want to do is tie a double knot. Before you do that, however, you will put the shoe on the dancer's foot and cinch comfortably the strings so that the foot or excuse me, the shoe is fitting the foot nice and snug. And then with these strings, you'll want to tie a double knot which is over and under with the first tie and then under and over with the second tie and you'll want to tie that one time so it's secure. You will take these strings and stretch them as far as the toe goes on the shoe and then you will snip that with scissors. You never want to snip the shoe right up by the knot or it will not come undone and then you will be buying a new pair of ballet shoes. So you'll want to stretch it as far as the toes and snip that. And the kids are dancing, they tuck those strings underneath the shoe so that they are not seen and they're under the shoe. So here we have the shoe on. Once the knot is tied and the strings are under, they will of course stay under throughout the dance class. These elastics, the most important thing is that they are sewn where the arch of the foot is so that it's pulling up the slipper where the arch is. You take these elastics and you stretch it across and make sure that you're sewing it in that key spot, of course, on the inside of the shoe and then the other elastic does the same. You take it across and sew it on the inside of the slipper. Make sure that it's not pulled down too far as it won't be pulling up the shoe where the arch is. Just with this shoe, you can see you want to make sure that you're sewing that on the inside of the slipper instead of the outside of the slipper. And that is how you sew a proper ballet shoe.