 Hey everyone, peace out here. Today we're going to be trying Starbucks via instant medium roast coffee. Columbia coffee. So this is a hundred percent of the rabbica instant and micro ground coffee. Balanced and nutty, grown on some of the highest coffee farms in the Majestic Andes mountain range. Our medium roasted Columbia is well rounded with a juicy mouth feel and signature nutty finish. So the instructions are pouring to a cup and a flue on the hot water, stir and enjoy. So let's try it. Okay, open it up. Grab one of the packets. Oh, that's cute. All right, so we're going to open this up. Oh, opens up really easy. They're right about nutty. Smells very good. And I happen to have eight flue ounces of hot water. Oh gosh, I didn't think about pouring this. All right, let's try. All right, awesome. All right, let's stir it up for a little bit and test her out. Wow. It's completely dissolved already. That is really cool. And it smells amazing. I don't know how you guys like your coffee, but most of the time I like it black or maybe with a little bit of cream. But for taste testing purposes, I'll leave this black so that I can truly give you my true opinion of the actual coffee. I was expecting a more bold flavor, but it certainly is nutty and I do like the flavor. Yeah, I mean, it's slightly above average cup of Joe, but still I was expecting more from it. But then again, it is just micro round coffee. But with the flavor and the easiness of preparing it, I don't have to like put it in a coffee maker or anything like that. I would I'm going to have to give this product all together at least a seven out of 10. It could be a tastier, but I am glad that it's just the micro round coffee and it's not anything added. Like you can just dress this up however you want. It's super easy to prep and it's very tasty for a micro ground coffee. It didn't wow me though. So yeah, I hope you guys enjoyed the video and I will have to see you guys in the next one. So make sure you subscribe so you can get the next videos, okay? Alright, see ya.