 Okay so we got runny in here. I've already got my water temperature done. It feels good, not too cold, not too hot. You can see I got the drain plugs but I'm also going to towel in here for her so she doesn't feel like she's slipping. And just so you know this is runny's first bath so we'll see how it goes. I always let the sink fill up just a little bit to let her feet soak. I use a flea and take shampoo first just for her to cough. This is a cheer list for her head and then this is a whitening shampoo. Some people don't like to use the whitening shampoo because it tends to turn them purple but I like purple chickens so always put a little bit of whitening in the bottom to let her feet soak in it. They're usually gnarly and I don't ever let the water get more than about an inch deep because when you go to do her head the first thing is for them to drop their head down and I don't want her whole feet to go underwater. So that's pretty good and deep there so then I get my sprayer. Make sure it's very tense. And then go to spray them and surprisingly they usually like it okay. You fall again aren't ya? And now you just have to see my water getting a little bit too deep and it doesn't take long with this whitening shampoo so I'm going to go ahead and under my brain before I head down this chair. Okay. And get her all right so we're good. Okay. I'm gonna head yet because we're gonna tear it off a few minutes later. And then we just start washing. Oh you got it already bottom. So I'm just gonna sit here and scrub. Okay so when you put the shampoo on and sometimes it'll get a little bit too goofy and you can just take some water and that'll be a little bit. Now I'm gonna just have it gotten to your head yet. I'm working on our bottom. How are you supposed to be me? Okay. Now I'm gonna let that circle like my head and basically what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna pull her head straight up to the air and right before she's cracked off. I haven't put shampoo in there yet. There you see I didn't even get near her nostril. Oh I got on me though. And you're fearless. I know. Sorry didn't like isn't it? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. So this is not a season back chicken so if she can do it, if you can do it. And I just used careless hair so it's not gonna hurt her eyes. And then we're gonna rinse her off completely. And she's done with the bathroom art and then we go to play drag. And sometimes the soap will get down here on the towel and I have to move her to the other part of the sink. To get her hot water. She wanted to take white. Alright, we're prepared. We're prepared. I also wanted to tell you I always have everything ready so I've got my towel right there when we're done. And unfortunately I have to rinse her crust out which is the part she doesn't seem to like so much. Okay one more time on her crust. She's just drunk on me. And the vines make sure to stay away from her nostrils. Okay now you can see how to stope this water is down in here. So I'm gonna move her over to the other side so I can get her feet. But I'm holding her just in case she were to split. Okay. Once I get used to it that doesn't happen. Alright so look. Oh man I see a bubble on your face. Okay so she's done with that. Now you got a nice wet, a bad wet, so feet. I'm gonna wrap her up in a towel so she doesn't get cold. And then we're gonna blow dry. Okay so now we're gonna go into blow drying. I've got a drum roll, I've got a little razor in case I wanted to trim around her eyes which she's fine. And then I've got my flea comb which I used to brush. And anyway so I'm on my own recording this part so we'll see how it goes here. But normally it feels good because it's warming her up. And basically you just heat blow dry until they're dry. If you have any clumpy parts you can use your flea comb. Underneath their wings tends to stay wet so make sure you lift up their wings. Of course they have they don't like but this is the easy part. And you can put it on warm or even cool. I usually stay away from hot. And surprisingly I get in turn her purple. Don't need. So anyway that's pretty much it. Not much else to it. Hopefully that's helpful. Sorry she was a little bit bad maybe I showed you with Ellie but at least you can see how it might go. I've already flipped her nails. So that is that. And you have a clean soak.