 One, two, three, rev up your engines! It's time for the Scotty Kilber Channel! Today I'm going to show you how to fix a leaking transmission in your car. Now in this case it was easy to figure out what was going on because it was losing transmission fluid and leaking on the bottom. So we'll jack it up and check where the leak is. Now transmission is generally leaking one of three places. Either the pan is leaking the gasket in which case it's dry, it's not that. Or the front main seal of the transmission which is a real job because you have to pull the transmission off the car. But that's still dry. And the third place where they often leak are the seals where the axle shaft goes into the side of the transmission which is the case here. We can see it's all wet. Now the seal itself is no big deal. There's one on each side. But we've got to take all this stuff apart in order to get the seal off so let's get going. First we take off the wheel and we have to take the tire rod, we'll take the nut off. And here's a trick. You get a big slide hammer like this and whack it. Off it comes. Then we take off the nut that holds the axle shaft in place. Off it comes. Then we take off the nuts and bolts and hold the hub onto the strut. Then the axle wiggles out. We got to go behind and pry it out. You just get a good pry bar, stick it up against the inner axle shaft and pull. And after a little waggling, ah! Got it comes. Then you got the other side and just finish pulling it out. Now it comes. And here's the seal right here. We'll just pop it out with a seal puller. Very handy tool. Just fits right in there and pops it out. And here's the old seal and the seal puller tool. You can get it in the auto part store. Then you get the new seal. Get yourself a little extension for a socket and you can hammer it in all the way around the edge with a hammer. First you place the seal in the hole so it's flush. Then you tap it in, working the hole around until it's sealed the hole in. And here's a trick I learned years ago. There's a little clip on the end of here and have a tendency of falling down to getting stuck. So you get a tube of grease, then you stick it on the end and pull it off. The grease will now hold the clip in place. So when you put it in a transmission, the clip won't get stuck and break. Then you just place it in the hole and tap it in. So it snaps in place. Then you just assemble it all back together again, put the shaft in the hub and bolt the strut back on. Now of course I'm going to put a seal on the other side too because it was starting to drip. They're both going to wear about the same but I'm not going to show that because it's just the same thing only on the other side. And of course remember to check the transmission and fill it up for the fluid that was lost. So the next time your transmission seal starts leaking, why not replace them yourself. And remember if you have any God questions just visit the Scotty Kilver channel. And I'll answer them as soon as I get back from paradise. Assume when I come back.