 So we're going to cast the build up in the jacuzzi here on the tile line that's right above the water line which is right top call in your pool. I have a piece of 220 wet and dry sand paper. I'll scan how to take it right off to that scrap in the tile. Grab it again there. See that's gone right there in that tile. So I'm going to go ahead and do all the tiles around here and then show you what it looks like when it's finished here. You can see over here also. I'm going to take your sweat and you want to just scrub it all the way around. And if you send it to where is that, just switch the proportion of it. You can see the tile line is really clean right there with the wet and dry sand paper here along this edge also. Here's the spot that I miss. So highly effective method to remove calcium build up from your tile line. Back here a week later, I have to using the wet and dry sand paper on this tile here. You can see that the calcium line that was here is still gone. Here's another good example of the wet and dry sand paper work. It's just followed a lot of build up right here around the water feature. I'm drain down the water right now. I'm going to have to down sufficiently like the standard here. I'm going to get a wall pin here. Put it over here. Make it way around. I'm afraid it is open. I can't get it here. I'm going to get the whole wall here. I'm going to get it after the process after it's dried for a while. Probably need one more treatment, but you can see that the build up has faded here. It's looking pretty good. Back here after one week you can see there's a dramatic improvement on the scaling that was there. There probably need one more treatment with the wet and dry sand paper. The sand paper I've been using in my demonstration is the wet or dry P220. Here's a different type of tile. This is a different type of tile. It's not the standard tile. More of a hard rock like tile. The paper right off there. So I wouldn't go with anything less than 220 or anything higher. If you go any higher it's not going to have any effect. If you go to 320 or 400 it's not going to take any of that calcium off. If you go lower the sand paper will be too rough. You have a chance of scratching tile. I'll show you how it came out. There I did the left side with the wet and dry P220 sand paper. In the right side I didn't clean. You can see the difference. I'm going to use another pool of calcium buildup on the tile line here. I'm going to go ahead and use the wet and dry sand paper to take it right off. You can see it took it right off there. I skipped this spot here so you can see the difference. That's still there but this came right off. You can see the tile line looks really nice around the whole pool now.