 What do you think about the cafe? Is your ballet shoes? No worries. In this video, I'm going to review the famous Romeo Ballet shoes by Capicio. Coming up. Welcome back. My name is Ibra Imperes. And my name is Maria Gupari. And here in Ballet Popular, we're helping you build your passion and influence through dance. So guys, if you're new here, please consider subscribing. Here you will find a lot of tips to totally out reviews and original choreography. Okay, guys, so let me talk about the Capicio shoes. These are very good recognized brands. So a lot of dancers were this. These are the famous Romeo by Capicio. So if you notice, it's super cool. The way they do the stitching is great. It's fantastic. And let me show you aesthetically how that looks. I have my beautiful assistant here, Maria Gupari. And she's going to show everyone how this should look like. So please, give me your beautiful demonstration. I'm not going to cut this. You almost hit me in the face. But it's okay. So look guys. So the shoes actually pretty good. See when she points, she enhanced a little bit the arch. The sole in the front is good because it makes you create that kind of beautiful arch. So the shoes be okay. It's pre-sign. Already, but we talk about this team. Pre-sign shoes for some people are grace, for some people are not. So, this shoe feels okay. Take a look. You see it's pretty nice. They come nine regular American size. Nine double-view and medium. So seven, so the American size double-view stands for wide. Medium, it's starting for a medium width in the front of your foot. If you happen, so this is the width. So if you're going to buy this shoe, you say I can have a nine medium. So they're going to refer to this. If you want to say why, it's a little bit wider, bigger. So let's talk about this shoe. It's canvas. The canvas is a little bit thin, but now I'm going to bring back my model. So my model is back. So now that she's here, so let's ask her. I have worse tissues before, so I have my own opinion about it. But what do you think about the shoes so far? They look pretty okay, but they functionally it's so, so and so. But my question is what do you think about it? How does it feel? Inside, it feels like a weird, this foam thing that has inside. It looks like inside. So it's like a little foam. You see that? But it comes off like, it looks like it's kind of come off right away. Because when I'm moving, when I'm pointing my toes, it feels like it's like moving with me. I can't see already. I have any way. Why are tissues you see? And the glue comes out very easily. I don't even need to pull, look, look. This is horrible. Anyway, so another thing I want to say about this shoe. They're coming pink. They come in white and black. So the flush skin colors option, you don't have it. Oh, if you have it, I haven't seen them. So I don't want to say something that I'm not sure. Anyway, that's from us, though guys. Yeah, you can feel free to try them out for you. Anyway, I put the link there if you like the shoes because we like them. We don't like them. It doesn't mean you shouldn't. So you can feel free to try. But look, this is horrible because it's right here. I don't know if you can see them. I mean, just. Yeah, it's over there. Okay, this right here. Does this teaching come enough people? So this is already bad. Like, we haven't wear them. And it's already coming off. As soon as you do some dancing with this, you're going to burn that and it's going to come off. So it's not worth it for the price in my opinion. So that was my quick review of the Capissi O'Romeo Ballet shoes. I hope you liked this video. And if you like it, please. Yes, leave us a comment, like, thumbs up, share. So anyway, guys, here in Ballet Popular. Helping you build your passion and interest through dancing. So keep dancing and we'll see you very soon. We're ready. She's crazy. Like, we're waiting for you. What do you think about the Capissi O'Romeo Ballet shoes? What do you think about the Capissi O'Romeo Ballet shoes? No worries. In this video, I'm going to show you how to review a ballet shoes.