 Hi, I'm Kathy Guns. Welcome to my kitchen in Maine. Today we're going to butterfly a chicken, and that might sound a little scary, but it's not. You've probably had butterfly lamb where they take the bone out of a leg of lamb and open it up. I'm going to show you how to do it with a chicken. It's very simple and quick, or you can simply ask your butcher to butterfly it for you. I asked a nurse friend to give me some of these gloves so I can pretend I'm in the medical profession. If you can find them, they're really inexpensive and they're great because then you don't have to have raw poultry all over you. So I have a whole three pound roasting chicken here. I'm going to flip it. Oh, I did flip it. I'm going to flip it this way, and we're going to look for this piece here because this is the spine of the chicken. You want some good sharp kitchen shears, if not a small sharp knife, and we're going to simply cut alongside the backbone. That's right here just so you know you flip the chicken over. We're going to cut alongside the bone here. If you have sharp kitchen scissors, which is a great investment, this will take you about five minutes. Okay? Easy? Other side. And I really like how in these gloves because it gets kind of gooey. I guess unless you're a butcher, most people don't like the feel. So I'm cutting through the skin and I'm cutting through the bone. I'm going to flip this around and just show you here. So this is the spine we're just lifting this up. There we go. Right through to the end. Okay? And we're going to use our fingers here and just lift that out. I know this part looks kind of funky, but trust me, having a butterfly chicken, the reason we do this is that it's all going to be flattened. See what happens here? We're going to lift this off. Cut off the excess fat here because who needs it? And fat is what makes a chicken flare up if you're cooking it on a grill. So we've taken these two pieces out. It's going to cut a little bit more here. That's it. We're going to have a butterfly chicken. As I said, two quick easy steps. Just pull that out. I'm pulling the rest of the spine off right there. And what we have now is a chicken that's completely flat and will cook really evenly. This is ideal for grilling season, but you can use it for roasting also. That's how you butterfly a chicken.