 It's like they just put a watermelon flavored piece of bubbleicious into my suproble alcohol. Bubbleicious one. And they were like drink it. What's up guys? I am Noah Galutne. The person to my right is named T. She drinks all the stupid alcohol we have on this show. And today, that means watermelon flavored vodka. It's racial. Yet again, the offenders today are the three olives vodka company with their watermelon flavored vodka. Watermelon heaven. A delicious blend of imported English vodka and the tiny taste of mouthwatering watermelons. Because everyone, when they think of really high quality vodka, they think of England. And of course, with three olives, you have the customary tramp stamp on the back. How's the nose? Oh, it smells like watermelon candy. It's like the fake like like bubbleicious watermelon. Of course. That tastes exactly like watermelon artificial flavoring. It's like the bubbleicious watermelon gum. I don't love it, but as usual, I'm going to drink it. Let's do this cocktail. The watermelon splash. The watermelon flavored vodka mixed with lemon lime soda of your choice. Down the hatch. If you call it like the Gallagher. That's not better. I mean, it's still mostly watermelon-y. It just tastes even sweeter now. Does it taste watermelon-ignant? Well, it reminds me of what it feels like to get a tumor. So I'm going to say yes. Oh. So sorry you got a tumor. Well, I'm getting one right now. Like, I can feel it happening. And this is real time. So the watermelon vodka, you had another mess unless you're like a serastitute and you're like, having, this is how they dance, right? I don't know who this is for as usual, but it's not for me. It's certainly not for black people. If I ever saw another black person buying this, I have to bring them to one of our secret meetings and have a stern talk to you. Don't even bring racing if I see a human being drinking this. I don't care what you guys do. Well, we got a lot of vodka left. Do you want to drink it all yourself? Not publicly. All right, so let's feed the office. Well, I should preface I like everything except the melon family. So I don't like watermelon. I don't like caneloap and I don't like honeydew. I'm more like honeydoned. Watermelon flavoring is my least favorite thing in the world. I don't like watermelon candy. So watermelon flavoring and then like the holocaust. Yes, tastes like a paint thinner and somebody like dropped this slice of watermelon in it accidentally. Feel the pain in your throat. The melted jolly rancher that's been sitting on my dashboard for a while, I think is what I'm tasting. Would you describe this as a holocaust in your mouth? Mate, I'm going to fling out. You're f***ing trickered. Yes, this vodka is a genocide of my taste buds. It makes you like want to talk a lot with your mouth. I don't know what it is. Like you know what I think is really good. That sounds yeah, I'll say. It seems like you're ready for the cocktail. Oh, cocktail me up. Now, should we give him the real cocktail or alternative cocktail? We do happen to have some leftover. Mountain Dew kickstart. The more you drink it, the easier it gets. The more you drink it, the easier you get. I just love how the traditional cocktail is like one thing. Yeah, normally you think of like a couple things. Be watermelon. So basically it's like you know, put some spray in that b****. Watermelon flavoring doesn't taste like watermelon. I love real watermelon, but watermelon flavoring doesn't taste like anything, but watermelon flavoring and it's not good. The really bad thing is there's a really, this stuff has a terrible aftertaste, which you know people have been making soda pop for. It also has a really bad during taste. This is uh, this is better because it tastes like spray. Yeah. If you love watermelon flavoring, this will make your orgasm in your pants. For the rest of us that have taste, I want to kill myself. What do you think? I think this is just yet another way. Why would you drink that where I'm asking myself why the f*** did I drink that? Seems like nobody really loved this, which is good because nobody should love this. It makes me feel better about our office that everyone was like, oh this is kind of s***ly and I hate it. And why would you make me drink this? Well that's only because Philium hates watermelon. Otherwise you would have loved it. He would have been the one to like it. I don't hate it enough to be like don't ever drink this, but if someone has it around and you're curious like go for it, I don't give a s*** you do. I'm Noah Galuen. This is tea and this is s***ly watermelon vodka. Subscribe to Taste It and find out that we're going to do something else very similar soon and it's going to be back. We do this all the time and it's going to end up exactly the same way, but you guys keep watching so we'll keep doing it.