 Hi, I'm Gail and welcome back to Low-Carb Recipe Idea. Today we're going to make cooked cabbage, low-carb red cabbage, so let's get started. The first thing we're going to do is we're going to take a quarter cup of water and we're going to put in the frying pan and I'll turn it on to get started and two tablespoons of red wine vinegar. We're going to do a chopped up half of a red cabbage and it's not finely chopped. Just kind of chopped and we're going to take a half a red cabbage and put it in the frying pan and it works out to be about five cups. We're going to stir this around. We'll get it mixed up a little bit and then what we're going to do is we're going to put the lid on it and let it cook for about 15 minutes because you want it to be soft. Once that's cooked, we'll come back and we'll tell you what else to do with the recipe. We're going to check this out. I cooked it on medium heat for about 15 minutes. Looks like it's all nice and ready to continue here. So now I'm going to put in two tablespoons of butter. I'm just going to melt that up. I'm going to add in two teaspoons of splendid brown sugar and a teaspoon of vestivia. And we're just going to stir it all up and get the flavor going through all of the cabbage. Get my butter all melted. Now I have my homemade bacon bits. I'm just going to take a handful and I'm going to sprinkle it in a little bit more. Bacon bits and bacon and red cabbage is very good together. So that can just simmer for another five minutes. So we've let this simmer for another five minutes to get the flavor of the bacon going through the red cabbage. And then I have a quarter cup of feta cheese. This feta cheese I get at Costco. It's a dry feta and it's absolutely delicious. I also use this on my green bean delight recipe also, the very good feta. So that's our recipe. We're going to just put it in a dish and then show you the final result. Okay, we're all finished here. Now I just take another quarter of a cup of dry feta and sprinkle on top. And we're ready to go. So this is my low-carb red cabbage with bacon in it and I'm sure you'll really enjoy it. Take care and I'll see you in the next video. Bye now.