 Hey guys, I'm gonna teach you how to set up a fish bowl for your goldfish. So as most of you probably already know, fish bowls are perfect for goldfish because goldfish have a very short memory so they don't realize that their environment is so small anyways and they also stay very tiny and they don't live very long. They live for a month at most so what does it matter if you cram them into a tiny bowl anyways, right? So first of all, you get your bowl. This one gallon bowl is really, really huge and that's more than enough. You can even get away with a tiny smaller bowl if you want but I'm gonna spoil my goldfish and use this huge bowl. So to get started, pick out some decorations. It's best to pick out as many decorations as you can and even huge decorations that really fit in the bowl are just fine. Your goldfish won't care. So first thing I'm gonna put this plant in, oh yeah, it takes up lots of sleep so that's perfect. And then I also got these big river rocks that are gonna be perfect for a substrate. So just make sure you have a nice deep layer of rocks just like that so plenty of fish poop and stuff and get stuck in there. And then I'm also gonna add this big rock just because it's pretty and I want to take away as much swimming space for my fish as I can. So just shove that plant in there and voila, it's perfect. Gorgeous. Isn't that beautiful? One lucky fish is gonna live in there. So now the only other thing you have to do is add water because as we all know fish, all they need to live is water. It doesn't matter what the water quality is, where the water comes from as long as there's water they can survive. Make sure you fill it all the way to the top so that the water line is at the narrowest part of the bowl. So there's less surface area because we all know that oxygen enters the water through the surface area and oxygen isn't important at all for fish since they live underwater anyways, right? So there you go. So there you have it. Our goldfish bowl is all done and this is gonna be a lovely home for about 10 gold fish. Enjoy.