 Hey folks, it's my 20 gallon aquarium. Today I have not forgotten about, well sort of, here in my fish, there's still a lot. So I've been getting lazy and I haven't been keeping up on my aquarium. As you can see the rocks, they've all got some sort of brown algae on it. Because they haven't been doing the water changes, water levels getting low. I've got some brown algae stuff on it, so what is that? So today I'm cleaning it up. And yeah, I don't know what else I'm going to do, but I'm going to clean it up. And you guys can watch me first thing I'm going to do. I'm going to tighten out some of this water. I'm going to put it in here and put my fish in there. That's clean so. I'm tightening out some of the water so I can put it inside this temporary bucket. So I can put the fish in here while I clean the aquarium. Okay, bucket full of water, aquarium water. And now my fishies are going to go in the bucket. Got my net. Got the black one. Got gold thines going in with blacky-chan. This is my favorite fish right here. His name is Kyle. Hey Kyle. He's like the smartest one. He's the one's your kind of dumb. Oh, got him. Got him. Oh, he's very strong and very healthy. I'm letting my cat shinks, she got the fish. This aquarium is very dirty. I'm going to take all this gravel and put it in a bucket and try to clean it off with some non-bleach bleach. Take out the air stone. I'm going to take this background here and flip it. Take out the filter. I'm going to take this one out. I'm going to take this one out. I'm going to take this one out. I'm going to take this water out. Now I'm stuffing it out the water. This thing is pretty dirty so it needed it because I'd been lazy. I don't suck in all the water, but I sort of have to reset up this tank. It's thanks to him. I pulled the one out from the back and it's got roots on it. Pretty good roots. You get some good roots too. There's roots on that one. And a little baby one in the corner. Got roots too. So there we're growing. I've got a product called Nine Bleach Bleach and I'm going to use it to clean my aquarium growling. I'm going to use it to clean my aquarium. I'm going to use it to clean my aquarium. I'm going to use it to clean my aquarium. I'm going to use it to clean my aquarium. I'm going to use it to clean my aquarium. I'm going to use it to clean my aquarium. Mix it up. It's like a brand new aquarium brand new 20 gallon. All the gravel been washed right now. I'm rinsing it off. Okay, all my gravel is rinsed off and I put it back into the aquarium. Now I just got to even it out. Water into the aquarium. Place the saucer down so that way it doesn't disturb my layer of gravel. I'm going to use it to clean my aquarium. I'm going to use it to clean my aquarium. I'm going to use it to clean my aquarium. I've got a product here. It's called the Clorad Door. It removes ammonia, chlorine and chloramines from refreshing salt water. Now mixing required, just add it to the water. I've got 20 to 25 gallons. It says use a fourth of the cap for that inside. I measure it out. Here it is. Easy to choose. I'm going to put in my aquarium plant. I'm going to clean up my aqua clear power filter. I'm going to take my aquarium carbon. Shake it up a bit. Lift it off and I mean. Open up the cores. Open up the cores. Take my aquarium only sponge. Pick it in here. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. That's what it looks like. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water. I'm going to put it in the water.