 Hi everybody, thank you for returning to Poison Inspiration. I am coming to you with Part 2 of my Balanced segment. This video is going to be about taking time for yourself. So stay tuned. I'm going to get right into it today. Again, thanks for watching. Part 2 of the Balanced segment is entitled Taking Time for yourself. I know that for me, sometimes my individuality can be overshadowed by all of my responsibilities. So this is the reason why taking time for myself is a part of being balanced, just because in the midst of all of our roles, we can lose sight of our own individuality. So it's important to take that time to do things for you and to focus on who you are and who you are. Alright, so getting right to the first point of this video, which is taking time for yourself, don't ask for it. Emphasis on the take. So basically this point is just saying that you should regularly have time for yourself. It should be a routine for you to wear. You take 30 minutes out of your day, an hour out of your day, or a specific day of the week where you focus on who you are and you take time for yourself. So again, take the time, don't ask for it. Make sure it is a part of your regular routine. So the second point of this video is to manage your time wisely. Now when you finally make it a routine and you get your time, make sure you manage your time wisely. Focus on the task at hand, whatever it is that you set out to do for yourself. Focus on that. Don't allow distractions to distract you. So if that's social media, try to stay off of that. If it's your children, try to separate yourself from them so that they can't easily distract you. And then the last point is don't give into your interruptions. So for example, for me, sometimes I like to go upstairs and study and leave the kids downstairs with their dad. But somehow the kids find themselves coming upstairs to check on mommy to disturb mommy what you do on mommy. So I have to just go on and shove them back out the room, close the door and get back to what I was doing. So again, make sure that when you get the time, it's not easy to get it all the time. But when you do get it, manage your time wisely. Focus on the task at hand. Don't allow certain things to distract you and don't give into your interruptions. All right, Joss. So the third point in this video is to forfeit or give up something. And basically, what this means is that if there is something that is important to you, go ahead and get it done. Give up some of those things that are less important or that you can put on the back burner and get to it at a later time. So for example, for me, I'm very anal. There are certain things I feel like I need to do before I could really sit down and focus on the task at hand. So like with cleaning, I have to clean up. I have to make sure my space is clean before I could really just get comfortable and dig deep and get into my study. But lately here, I'm like, OK, look, I'm just going to have to allow these kids to just mess up. I'll get to it later. Or the dishes are going to have to get on. They're going to have to be on the back burner. I'm not doing it right now. I got something that's more important. It's things like that that you can give up. That way you can put your time and attention to something that's more important. So take the time. It's important to give up to forfeit some of those things that are less important to you and that you can do at a later time. So the fourth point is speak up about the time that you need. And I feel like this is a really, really good point because as a mother and just as a woman, you're expected to take on so much. It's like people think of you as like a super woman. Like all she can do is she can do that. She don't need no time for herself. She got this. She's going to help me anytime I call her. She's there. Although that may be true for some of us or for most of us, we still need to have that time to ourselves. So make sure that you make it clear what you need. Set the standard. Set the expectations. If you know that you need a certain amount of time or a day or break, make sure that you make your loved ones your friends, whoever aware of that because if you're just expecting them to know it, trust me, they're not going to know it. Expectations are a curse of resentment. So don't don't expect anything. Make it clear what you need. Set the standard. And all right, guys, the last point of this segment is be willing to take a break. Getting back to the super woman. Yes, we are super women. Yes, we are strong. Yes, we get it done by any means. We get it done. But please take a break. I think, especially with myself and with the women in my life, we go so hard. We work so hard. We have a lot on our mind, but we keep on going no matter what. And it's important to be willing to take that break. Sometimes for me, I'm like, really don't want to miss out on anything. My husband comes home. I really want that family time, even though I'm exhausted, I'm tired. I feel frustrated, whatever. I just feel like I just want to be all in at all times. But it's necessary to take a break for yourself because that's how you re-hue for yourself. Remember to take a break, guys. Set that expectation. Take your break and do for you sometimes. All right. So I really hope you enjoyed this video. Just a recap on all of the points that I talked about. The first one being, take time for yourself. Don't ask for it. The second one is to manage your time wisely. The third one is to forfeit or give up something. The fourth one is to speak up about the time that you need and then the fifth one being be willing to take your time. If you need to review this video, please do because all of these points are very important in balancing your life and all of your roles and your individuality. Again, I really appreciate everybody viewing and watching and returning to my channel. Look forward to the next video. And if you have any questions, please review the description below. I may be able to answer them before you ask. If not, please comment. Please share. Please subscribe. Thumbs up. Let me know if you have any questions and you all have a great day.