 Have you heard of Bali? Have you tried it? If you have watched my 11 high cup foods you should be eating, you would have learned that this underrated grain is one of the world's oldest superfoods and is loaded with all the essential nutrients. Bali water is an incredible drink which our ancestors included in their daily diet. When I was growing up, I remembered drinking Bali water on a regular basis. If you consume Bali on a regular basis, it will keep your colon and intestines happy. It will control your blood cholesterol levels, you will maintain your skin elasticity and you will strengthen your immune system. Plus, it's extremely affordable. Bali contains about 62% of dietary fiber and you will be getting 20 to 25% of your daily fiber in just one serving. The best way to use Bali is to simply treat it like rice, oats or any other grains. You can make stir fry, Bali rice, risotto, stew or soups or toss it into salads. So I'm going to share with you 4 really simple recipes which you can make for breakfast, lunch and also dinner. Let's start with breakfast. We got a Bali porridge on the menu. It's really simple. In a small pot, combine 1 1 1re of the cup of pro Bali with 3 1 1re of water and bring it to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer for about 20 to 30 minutes until the water has been absorbed and Bali is completely soft. Then stir in about half a cup of milk and allow it to simmer very quickly until you get your desired consistency. Reboot from heat. So I've served my with 1 sliced banana, 1 tablespoon of apricot seeds and about 1 teaspoon of chia seeds. You can choose to drizzle with a little bit of honey. Having a fiber-rich breakfast will keep you going till lunchtime. So each bowl has about 460 calories. The chewy and tender texture of Bali is very similar to oatmeal. Plus, it is very easy to digest. So you can swap your breakfast and replace oats with Bali. Let's make lunch. I have a Bali-ambited salad on my menu. For this recipe, you can use Bali as a replacement for rice, couscous or quinoa. Salads are my go-to lunch because most of the ingredients do not require cooking. So what I've used are 1.5 cups of cooked Bali. 2 cups of baby spinach, 1.5 cups of public cabbage, 2 bits cooked and sliced. About 1.5 cups of fresh minced leaves, 2 tablespoons of feta cheese, 1 tablespoon of dried cranberries, 1 tablespoon of apricot seeds, about 1.5 tablespoons of olive oil, 2 tablespoons of lemon juice and 1 teaspoon of honey. It's so simple. All you have to do is assemble all the vegetables together. The drizzle with olive oil, lemon juice and honey. And serve. You're getting the early flavor from the beads combined with the chewy Bali texture, crunchiness from the spinach and cabbage and tanginess from the feta cheese. It is so simple. It's delicious and is so colorful. And each serving only has about 314 calories. Lunch is about keeping it simple, quick and healthy. So try this recipe out and choose any other vegetables of your choice. And with your leftover Bali, here's another really simple lunch you can put together. Stir fry Bali rice. With the other rice, of course, what I've used are 1.5 cups of cooked Bali. 1 medium carrot, diced. About half a cup of mushroom, sliced. 1.5 a red bell pepper, diced. 1.5 cups of cabbage shredded. 1 whole zucchini, diced. 1.5 a head of broccoli, cut into florets. 2 cloves of garlic, crushed. 1 tablespoon of olive oil. 2 tablespoons of soy sauce and salt and pepper to taste. In a pan, heat oil over medium-high heat. Then stir in all the vegetables. Garlic, mushrooms, carrots, zucchinis, red bell pepper, broccoli and cabbage. Saute them very quickly for 3-4 minutes. Then mix in the Bali. Soy sauce and also salt and pepper to taste. Toss all the ingredients thoroughly until they are well combined. This dish is delicious, warm or chilled. And each serving only has about 314 calories. Packing in lots of vegetables is the key to keeping your fried rice healthy. Plus, you're getting your rainbow! I wanted something comforting for dinner, so I'm making Bali and beef stew. For this recipe, you'll need half a cup of per barley, about 300 grams of beef ribs. Let's prep all the vegetables. Chop up 1 carrot, a cup of celery, a cup of mushrooms and 1 onion. In a pot, melt about half a tablespoon of butter over medium-high heat. Then, sear the beef pieces. You want to season it with a little bit of salt and pepper. Set aside. Now in the same pot, add in the chopped onions and saute until fragrant and slightly brown, just for about 5-6 minutes. Then stir in the mushrooms and cook very quickly until slightly tender for about 2-3 minutes. Then add the beef back into the pot. Add in about 2 cups of water and sprinkle with half a teaspoon of dried basil. Then, allow the beef to gently simmer under low heat until very tender for about 1 hour. Once the beef is tender, add in the remaining ingredients. Bali, celery and carrots. Continue to cook all the ingredients until they are very tender for at least 45-60 minutes. Now, if you like your meat falling off the bone, then cook for another additional hour. Serve hot. Each serving has about 418 calories, and this is a one-pot dish. So you can double up the ingredients and cook it for a huge family. You can even choose to serve it as a starter. So try all these different Bali recipes out. Let me know which is your favourite in the comments below. If you haven't yet tried Bali, you have to give this super grain a chance. You will love it. You will love the chewy and tender texture of Bali. Don't forget to snap pictures, tag me at the Jürner's official and hashtag JASERRESIPES. Do, like this video, share this video and subscribe to my YouTube channel for a lot more healthy and delicious recipes. Do check out my workout challenges as well, ok? So eat well, stay healthy, stay active and all the best.