 Hey guys, do a thin dine here. So in this video, I'm going to show you how to make a DIY chorchart using all $1 products. Plus, I'll show you some cool ideas to customize it for your kids or family. This is a new product from Dollar Tree this year. These magnet labels, you get 7 in a pack and they have four different types for all the different chores and the days of the week. First, you're going to need a cookie pan, which I got from the Dollar Tree for just a book. You also need ribbon. I actually got this from the baby section of the Dollar Tree. And finally, you need washi tape, which you can find at the Dollar Store and I just store it in a Dollar Tree bin. I know you're shocked. Use the washi tape to divide out the cookie pan. I put mine into three sections so I could have it spot at the bottom to hold the magnets. And then I printed out two do and done labels from my computer with a little bit of scrapbook paper behind it. Then, using the ribbon, I made a cute bow and I hot glued it onto the back of the cookie sheet. If you don't have hot glue, you could also use E6000 or just Dollar Tree Super Glue. Hang it on your wall and you have a beautiful chore chart that you made for just a few dollars. I think this would be great in a kids room to help establish responsibility or even for you to help hold you accountable. Take the items you want to complete that day, put them in the two do section, and then when they're done, move them over to the done section. It is so satisfying to do that. And there's lots of different iterations of this. You can use the days of the week magnets, depending on how you want to break up your chore chart. If you don't like the pink labels, they also have these really neutral ones, which I liked. My favorite way, though, is to complete customized these. I picked up these dry erase labels from the one spot at Target and they fit perfectly two of the Dollar Tree labels. On the back of the paper, I traced them and cut them out, and then I just stuck them right on top of the magnet. The sticky ames is great. Then, using a Sharpie, I added customized chore. So if you have a little one or you want to use pictures instead, this is a great way to do it. Right now, we're using this chart in Carson's room with number magnets so he can count how many times in a row he can sleep through the night. Yes, we're still working on that. If you give these ideas a try, be sure to tag me on Instagram. It doesn't cost a lot for you to get organized. I'll see you guys in my next video. Bye!