 Hi there my name is Darnam Puti my channel is Casa G Puti subscribe to my channel today kio basa smoke it kio basa homemade kio basa very tasty I am going to use 800 grams of beef sirloin 800 grams of pork shoulder it is almost frozen and 300 grams of pork back fat or fat back and I am going to grind it I am going to use the 5 mm plate over here there is the dry sauce dry seasoning curing and here is the garlic now I am going to set up everything and grind now I am going to mix the dry ingredients diluted in the water very cold water mix with the meat and add the garlic and mix all together let's see salt and black pepper and the pepper now I am going to use the mixer to mix everything for 5 minutes I am going to cover and leave in the fridge until tomorrow morning overnight and tomorrow I am going to stuff in the casing and smoke it kio basa I left the meat in the fridge overnight now I am going to stuff the casing and smoke it I am going to use natural casing this one is a hog casing and it is 42 mm thisいます exposure. s I just put the sausage inside this mokr. The temperature now is 100. It's the minimum temperature that this is mokr allowed 100 Fahrenheit. I'm going to keep that away for one hour just to dry out the surface of the sausage. After one hour, I'm going to add wood to start to generate smoke and I'm going to rise the temperature to 170 Fahrenheit. Apple, Masa. Start to generate smoke. The temperature in this mokr is 170 Fahrenheit. Later, I'm going to put a thermometer in the meat to measure the temperature. Later, I'm going to put a thermometer in the meat to measure the internal temperature. It needs to reach 160 Fahrenheit. It took 3 hours to reach 160 Fahrenheit or 71 Celsius. Now, going to the icy bath. I'm going to put a thermometer in the meat to measure the temperature. I'm going to put a thermometer in the meat to measure the temperature. After the icy bath, I'm going to dry out and hang in the room temperature for about 1 hour. I'm going to put a thermometer in the meat to measure the temperature. I'm going to put a thermometer in the meat to measure the temperature. I'm going to put a thermometer in the meat to measure the temperature. I'm going to put a thermometer in the meat to measure the temperature. Smells so good. Kiovaasa, Posca, Kiovaasa, Polish, Smoket, sausage. Marjoram, Madeleicia. Very, very good. Right pepper. Try it. Thank you for watching. Subscribe to my channel. I'm Kaza Gputti. My name is Darlán Pute. Until next time.