 Hi friends it's me here welcome to my channel today I'm going to show you guys how to make a nice floppy putto. Putto means rice cake back home. In the Philippines putto is very well known for breakfast usually you have putto with hot chocolate or just you know a cup of coffee or if you guys don't want any of that a nice cold water will do anyhow for the ingredients for our putto for today we have the baking powder here salt granulated white sugar and for the flour I'm going to use the cake and pastry flour I also have milk here for some people they use water but for me I like using milk to make it a little bit more healthy and over here I have a white coloring it's a yellow color we're going to make one white and one yellow for today usually when I make my putto I like it to have like in a different colors so it will look more attractive but since I have only the yellow white coloring right now so we're just going to make white and yellow anyhow for also making putto we need our measuring spoons and our measuring cups and another cups to measure our milk so anyhow let's start making putto we're going to put the putto here in a nice green bowl all right so let's start okay friends so for today we're going to make three cups of flour but for here I'm going to make it like two cups and for here for the yellow putto I'm going to make just for one cup so for the two cups we're going to double all our ingredients all right so let's start okay friends for the we're going to start the green one all right so for the green one we need two cups of flour one two cups of flour and then we need we need one teaspoon of the baking powder two tablespoons of white sugar one two and we need probably like a one eight tablespoons of salt and two cups of milk all right this is one cup we're going to mix this one slowly all right we're not gonna dunk all the the milk at the same time we're just gonna make it we're gonna put the milk slowly to the flour and mix it at the same time all right so I'm just gonna get my mixer so friends I got my mixer here so we're going to pour the milk slowly onto the flour and mix it at the same time sorry guys my tripod doesn't bend there we're just going to mix it first all right and then we're going to add another cup of milk sorry about the noise guys okay we're going to add another cup of milk so in every one cup of flour is one cup of milk all right so I'm gonna cut then mix it so we just have to mix it good make sure all of our ingredients are mixed properly it's very easy to make with you guys with this putter you guys don't have to add any any eggs very simple let me see if I can tilt it so you guys can see okay now we're going to do the yellow one which is for the yellow putter all right okay guys for the yellow putter we're going to just use one cup okay one cup of flour so one cup of flour and then we're going to use half a teaspoon of baking powder half a teaspoon of baking powder there you go one tablespoon of sugar and just a little pinch of salt and one cup of milk all right so pardon me guys the noise it's noisy upstairs so anyhow now we're going to do the same thing for the milk slowly onto the flour and while we're pouring we mix there and then we're gonna give this one a good mix I hope you guys can see this all right so make sure that when you guys make putter always make sure that it's mixed very well so that there's no lumps and bumps on the putter okay I'm just going to change this one to a smaller whisk okay just hold on please okay I get the smaller one it's it's easier with this thing it makes very well all right and then we're just going to put probably two to three drops of coloring mix one two all right that's it and we're gonna give it a good mix let's put a little bit of food coloring because I like I like it to be like dark dark yellow so I put four Mix it very well. If you guys have those electric mixing mixer, it's better. For me, I can mix it very well. See guys, it looks like a eggnog. I'll show you guys how it works. Let me mix the other one again. Okay friends, I'm supposed to use this one for my puto, but I think it's too big. I'm just going to use this little aluminum foil. I have 8 of them, so it will be better. Just give me 1 minute. Okay friends, 1 foot measuring cup to measure the puto. So we're just going to put 1 foot cup in each first. Let's see how many we can make for this white puto. Alright, so we have 5 whites. So let's put another. This is the second. I think we're just going to use 2 1 foot cups in each, because I know this will be very floppy. We're going to get another one here. Let me see. I'm going to do one more. So, another one. I'll just use the other one. I can't make more than 2 of these. See, this is the last one. Just enough for the 8. Just enough. Alright, so I guess for the, I'm just going to put the whole thing here. For the yellow ones, I think we're just going to use the big cups, because I don't have all of these little cups anymore. So we're just going to use this one here for the yellow. So we'll see. For this yellow one here, we're just going to do the whole thing. Let's see. Just in and for one. I think I'm going to make one more for the yellow. So we're going to have 2 yellows and all the little white ones. Alright guys, I think I'm going to make another more yellow ones. So I'll show you guys the next step. Okay friends, so I put my little puttles on my steamer. I have a double rock steamer here. And this is my steamer here. I'm just waiting for, let me turn the light on. There you go. I'm just waiting for the water to boil and then we're going to put all our puttles. I advise you guys to cover the, the lid of your steamer so that when it starts steaming, the water won't go on your puttles. It will go on the cloth. So that you wrap the cloth very well like that. And make sure that you're using a clean cloth as well. Alright, so we're just waiting for the water to boil and we're going to put all our puttles. Okay, for the meantime, I still need to make another one of the yellow one. Alright, so okay, I'll see you guys later. Okay friends, now we're going to put our puttles onto the steamer. Come on. Alright. So we're going to put the two of them together. Okay, and we're going to steam this one for 20 minutes. Alright, let's put all of them. Alright, so that's how you do it, okay? And then I'll show you guys the finished product. Alright? Okay friends, look at where puttles. I decided to make some yellow ones as well. I took the white ones off after they done and then I decided to make some yellow puttles. Isn't that pretty? They're almost done. Alright? Okay friends, this is our puttles, steam rice cake. As you guys can see, I didn't put that cheese in the middle. I prefer my puttles this way, but if you guys want to put cheese on it, then please do so, okay? So I also made some little ones, little puttles here. This is good with the new one you guys. And I also have the triangle ones there on the side there. There you go. If you guys like this video, please don't forget to give this a thumbs up. And also, if you haven't subscribed on my channel yet, please don't forget to subscribe. Anyhow, thank you guys for watching. Have a blessed weekend everyone. Stay blessed. And thank you guys for watching. Have a blessed day. Bye. Bye, I wear a thick dress. Again. And then, skydiving, take the thing. Yeah, thank you.