 Hi guys and welcome back to my channel. In this video I'm going to show you how I went from these makeup brush holders to my new Mercury Glass makeup holders. Like always let's start off with what you will need. Sprite vinegar. Your glass containers, a spray bottle with some water in it, the Krylon looking glass spray paint and some paper towels. The first thing you're going to want to do is go ahead and make sure that you wash the glass containers really well. You want to get all the dust off, try to get as much fingerprints off as you can. Any extra residue if you've used them before like I did, that has some hot glue, some residue left over. You want to make sure that all that is completely off so that the spray paint adheres really really well to the actual glass. I would also suggest to let them air dry maybe overnight or something. Just because if you wipe them down with a paper towel or a regular towel, sometimes the residue will be left over and that would kind of make the spray paint bumpy or won't let it stick as well. Now you're going to need your spray bottle and I would do either 50-50 between water and white vinegar or a 3-4 white vinegar and 1-4 of water. Now you want to get your area of prep. I'm using parchment paper because I don't want to get my little table dirty but you can also use a garbage bag or newspaper if you're going to do it on the floor. That's what I suggest putting your jar upside down just so you can spray paint the bottom part of the jar and it doesn't look like weird or off if you're having it on a glass table or something like that. Now you want to grab your spray bottle with your solution of water and vinegar and you want to go ahead and spray that all around your jar. I would say about 6 inches to a foot away. You really want to light mist throughout the whole thing and then you want to grab your spray paint. Of course, I've also heard that you can use regular spray paint but I know they also have this same kind of spray paint in like a goldish color and copper color. They're harder to find but I know they do. I did see them when I went to purchase this so it's up to you on what you want to do but you want to do really light thin layers of spray paint and I did spray the water and vinegar solution and then I'm doing a light layer of the spray paint and then I'm going to go back again with the water-slash vinegar solution and spray that again but there's no real technique I guess to do it. This is kind of free handing it, doing what you feel is right but after you've sprayed it you want to grab a paper towel and very lightly like I'm barely tapping it, the glass jar and this will give it that mercury effect. This is what it does. I just did this with the first layer but like I said I switch it up. I do solution spray paint solution again like right now I just did, I dabbed it and then I sprayed it but if you want to get different results you'd use different techniques I guess is what you can call it. And of course I did mine really really dark, I added many layers to it but you don't have so you can do it kind of like you can still see through the glass, it's completely up to you. Once you are pretty close to being done you can kind of look around and see where you might want to add some more spray paint or maybe add more of this textured look to it. This is so easy and so like you can't really mess it up. It's kind of what I love about it you can just do it and try it out and try out different ways and you might find a way that you really like. You might want to do spray paint solution, spray paint solution or you can do spray paint solution, dab, spray paint solution, dab. There's so many different possibilities and so many different looks you can get that it's really fun to mess around and play with it. I really hope you guys enjoyed watching this video, I just want to show you a quick picture of what mine turned out looking like. Thanks so much for watching and please don't forget to comment, rate and subscribe.