 Welcome to Comic Cocktails, I'm Derek and today we're going to show you would-be bartenders, home mixologists, people who are just like cocktails, how I think you should really make a beautiful Bahama Mama. This is a great summertime cocktail but there's one downfall. There's like a gazillion and a half recipes and most of them suck. The one thing they have in common is rum. The others that they've got bananas, some are blended, some are peach snops, they're all over the place. How do you get a consistent taste profile if it's always different? So let's go with something that's not blended, probably more historically accurate and has some key ingredients that make it look respectable. The Bahama Mama recipe that we're going to be doing is a quarter ounce of coffee lacour. Use your favorite coffee lacour. You can use a rumsons coffee, rum if you can get it, you can get it. Caluas with your coffee rum. A half ounce of dark rum. A half ounce of coconut rum, or coconut lacour. A quarter ounce of 151 high proof rum. A half ounce of lemon juice. Four ounces of pineapple juice. For this you're going to need probably a garnish like a cocktail cherry, a Collins glass of jigger, a cutting board or something and you're going to need to cut this. So get juice out of this. Don't use concentrated juice. Cordles make your own fresh juice. You're also going to want a shaker cocktail shaker and strainer. All that is available at offsytricks.com. My store, if you want to buy it from me. Otherwise, you can be a trainee. You can go out of my competitor, whoever that happens to be. I'm going to tell you who they are, Amazon and pick yourself up whatever you can get. But our prices are better anyway. Cut your lemon, prep the drink. Here we go. We're going to make this in a cocktail shaker. Let's start with the coconut rum. Half ounce. I would use blue-chairs bay, but we drink it all. So I'm using Malaloo instead. Dark rum. My favorite dark rum on the planet right now is plantation original dark. Original dark. Half ounce. The stuff spits ask if you don't like it. Something wrong with you. Coffee with a core. This is one of the game changers. You don't see this a lot in the specific bomb among the cocktails. For this, you're going to do a quarter of an ounce. You don't want to do too crazy on the coffee. You want the coffee just to kind of settle itself into the into the background to be like, what is that? Is that chocolate? Is that espresso? That's what you want people to be saying. And you'll balance out that quarter of an ounce for the quarter of an ounce of 151 proof rum. My selection in this case is going to be Hamilton 151. I think it's 150 one. Yep. Hamilton 151. Ministry of rum. Hamilton made some pretty fantastic products. The only unfortunate thing is this does not substitute for lemon heart. Bercardi 151. It's kind of like rocket fuel. You can take that or leave it whatever. Four ounces of pineapple juice. Half ounce of fresh lemon juice. Add ice, shake it. Get your drink ready to go. Ready to drink. Ready to do this. Now you're going to give that sucker a good aggressive 10 second shake. Get all the stuff mixed around inside. Notice one thing, however, we didn't have to add sugar because we got pineapple juice. We have some sweet and greas like a coconut rum. We got a little bit of sweet and greasiness. Kaloah, that ain't no sour. Shake it up. I see on the internet a lot of people garnishing this with strawberries. I guess a waste of a strawberry. At least I have maraschino cherries, but I don't have strawberries as hanging around. Guess it's not a waste of a strawberry. What if you have the Bible pile of strawberries just for that? Beautiful thing about coconut is it creates a wildly fantastic little head. Strod up. Garnish it up. Done it up. Drink it up. It has a little bit of that tiki-esque action because you're getting that sour from the lemon. Bounce against that little bit of sweet coconut. That pineapple juice. So you're getting that like tiki thing. But then there's just a little bit of bite like this alcoholic kick in the back of your throat that you're like, whoa, this drink's gonna hurt you. It's pretty light on alcohol outside of the fact that you had to use a high proof run. So you're probably at about you know effectively two ounces, two and a half ounces of a 40 ABV product. That's not too bad, right? Maybe even less two ounces and a drink like this with a nice juice to it. I think you should be able to enjoy three or four of these. You might get it stuck in a diabetic coma or something, but you're probably not going to get too much of a wasted buzz out of this. Don't forget to like this video, subscribe to the show to get more bartending 101 tips. We are teaching you how to drink. I'm gonna drink my sorrows away. Oh there's probably a video over here. You can watch it while I take a sip. Yep, it's a good video.