 Hey everyone and welcome back to Hase Kitchen today I'm going to show you how to do my simple variation of the chicken cordon blur. You can grab yourself a good quality organic chicken breast and slice any of the fatty bits from around the outside and you can just get rid of those. Next up you're going to find the thickest part of the chicken breast using a sharp knife make a little incision down one side about 4 to 5 centimetres long creating a little pocket. You're going to use that to stuff that with whatever flavours you want. I'm going to be using the traditional I'm going to use a little bit of smoked ham today and a little bit of smoked cheese. Now play about with flavours with this. You can use some blush tomatoes you can use mushrooms you can use leeks. Anything really works with this type of dish. I'm going to use a little bit of mixed mozzarella which is going to give it that stringy sort of flavour and a little bit of smoked cheese as well. So when that actually gets cut open it's going to be all stringy and lovely. So push that down as hard as you can so nothing can get out and crack yourself one egg. Heat that through. And we're going to dip our chicken breast into some plain, spelt, light flour. Now you're going to coat that just over and it's going to make it lovely just so you can stick that into the egg yolk. So dip the chicken into the egg and make sure that's completely coated. Meanwhile get yourself some spelt loaf. Put it into your food processor, give it a blitz up and that's going to be your base for your bread crumbs. So lay that chicken breast inside the bread crumbs and make sure you've got that completely coated no gaps left. Now into a hot pan you're going to add yourself a little bit of vegetable oil. You can use coconut oil if you want to. If you get that up to heat and you're going to lay your chicken breast down and making sure that starts to get a lovely warm brown crust to that chicken. Move it around so it doesn't stick. And turn that over and you see how brown and crisp that's gone. Now I can go into an oven for around 15 to 20 minutes at 200 celsius. Now to serve this up we're literally just going to take that out, lay it on a little bit of paper towel so any of that fat can just drain out of that chicken. Pop it onto a chopping board and we're just going to cut that in half and serve this one up. To serve this up, to grab yourself a plate and lay one top of each other. There we go, there's my version of a spelt chicken cord omelette. Hopefully you like this one guys, get re-creating it and I'll see you next week. Cheers then, bye bye.