 Hi everyone, welcome back to Health Net Nutrition. My name is Nikki and today I'm going to be sharing with you guys the re green smoothies. And these are actually smoothies that I make all the time. Basically Monday through Friday I make a green smoothie with me to take on my way to work. I have a long commute so I love to just take something that's easy to grab and go and smoothies are definitely one of them. And I thought I would just share with you guys like a variety of green smoothies for kind of the St. Patrick's Day. I know a lot of people are going to be drinking other green things but I thought I would share with you guys some healthy green smoothies to help kickstart your St. Patty's Day or just you know spring. These are great spring detox smoothie recipes. So if you guys are interested in finding out my top three green smoothie recipes then just keep watching. For my detox green smoothie you're going to need spinach, cucumber, parsley, ginger, lemon juice, mjual dates, banana, some filtered water, almond milk, and a couple ice cubes if you like your smoothie extra cold. In a high speed blender I'm using my Vitamix here which actually have a coupon down below for free shipping. You're going to throw in all your ingredients starting with the liquid first. It just helps it blend a little bit better. I love this blender because it actually has a setting for smoothies and juices so you can just set it and like leave it alone and your smoothie is going to be the perfect creaminess. I love it. So I just stuffed my Vitamix really full until I think everything is going to explode and then I put the lid on and blend. And the full recipe and all the exact measurements will be available on my blog healthnetnutrition.ca. I will have a link down below. Once your smoothie is nice and blended go ahead, serve it in the glass and enjoy it for breakfast, has a snack, dessert. I don't know if this one's a dessert one but either raids delicious. Next up we have my strawberry and banana green smoothie. You're going to need some spinach and kale, banana, frozen strawberries, mjool dates, Hawaiian, spirulina powder, coconut water, almond milk, but any nut milk will do. And a couple ice cubes if you want it cold. And same thing you're going to throw everything into your high speed blender starting with the liquid and then adding in all the rest of the ingredients. Blend everything until nice and smooth. And as you can see all these smoothies are going to get very green, especially this one with the spirulina powder. It really shows up in the smoothie in the final product. So once your smoothie is blended go ahead, serve it in the glass and you can drink this right away. And I actually love my smoothies served fresh right out of the blender. I just think they taste the best that way. Next up we have my pair ginger, mojito green smoothie. You're going to need some baby spinach, banana, ginger, pear, lime juice, fresh mint, hemp hearts, coconut milk, coconut water and some ice cubes if you want it extra cold. And then starting with your liquid place everything into a high speed blender. Go ahead and pop on the lid securely and blend until smooth. Once it's nice and smooth go ahead and serve right away. This flavor is such a unique fun twist on a mojito. I love it. It's so fresh and perfect for spring which is right around the corner. So those were my top three green smoothie recipes at the moment. I'm absolutely loving all three of them. I alternate all the time and drink these like every day and they really make a difference in my skin, my energy levels. I don't get that like four p.m. slump in the day. It keeps your blood sugar balance throughout the whole day. I can't recommend green smoothies enough. It's such an easy way to just get more broad greens into your day without having to sit there and eat all salad. If you don't like salads, try green smoothies or so good for you and you don't have to have them just for breakfast. You can have them as snack. You can have them for lunch. Maybe it was like something else on the side but just try incorporating them into your day and I promise you you will notice a difference like after just like a week of doing it. So yeah if you guys like this video, please give it a big thumbs up and don't forget to subscribe. You can do so by clicking right here so you'll be subscribed to my channel. You won't miss out on any future videos and I think that's it for today guys. Have a fabulous day. Paddy's day and I hope you guys try out these recipes. I will see you guys in my next video. Bye!