 Today we're going to make a crepe paper party had using our imported crepe papers and resin pieces. Here at Castle and here in Berkeley, California. These are the tools that you're going to need. Peer straight scissors, pair of pinking shears, stapler, some quick dry adhesive, and a ruler. First of all, we're going to start with this allu crepe. And so you want to cut approximately 9.5 inches by 20. Next step, you want to take and fold the paper and using your pinking shears and just cut across the top. And that will give you a pinked edge. Your next step, take a contrasting color of crepe paper. Now this was allu and your next paper is called florist crepe. And it needs to be approximately the same length, 20 inches. In three of these sections, you want to cut approximately a 20 inch piece. Next step, you want to fold that contrasting piece of paper, your florist crepe into four sections. Take your pinking shears and you can cut a random design. It doesn't matter what pattern you make. In this case, we're going to just cut an arched half circle. And that's right down on one section. You want to unfold that. And this is going to make the bottom of your hat. Take your glue and you want to run a bead of glue across the bottom of your hat, approximately an inch up all the way across the entire length. And I would recommend doing two lines of glue right across the bottom here. And then using your piece that you've cut out of the contrasting color, use the lines and glue right on that first section from your bottom cut all the way across. Flip it over. And so if you've cut it a little bit longer, it doesn't matter. And if it's a little longer than you need it, just trim it off. You're going to end up with this section. Take your hat, fold it over and match your arch cuts. Take your glue once again and run a bead of glue down one side all the way and then glue those two sides together, making sure to match up your cuts. So what you've made essentially is a tube. The next step, paint the bottom edge. And then using this mark at the bottom, you want to just fold over and just go around the entire hat folding. And you're just basically turning up that edge. So the next thing you want to do to give it a little bit of interest is paper is very stretchy so you can put your thumb down, hold it and just go along and start stretching. Until you end up with this fluted shape. So your next step, you want to just take your trim pieces. And we're using a dressing pieces here. And if you don't know what dressing paper is, dressing paper is made in Germany and we sell it here in the castle. And it is made using the original dies that date from the 1800s. And this is called the Dresden Medallion. So you take that medallion, take your feather, slip it into this little loop at the top of it and push it all the way in and turn it around. So you can see that it doesn't go past the end. And just give it a staple right in the middle of it, just to hold that feather in place. Then you want to look at your hat and find the seam that's in the back and then take your piece and place it right in the front. Give it a quick staple right in the middle. You're going to take your other Dresden piece. It's a little decorative button. Take one piece off of it, just a little dot of glue right on the center just to hide your staple. In your last step, to take your hat and go up at the top and using the same technique that we used on the bottom, go around and just stretch it. Just stretch the paper. And there you go. Party hat. Alright guys, we had fun making the party hat today and if you're interested in any of these projects or anything else, just come into Castelair here in Berkeley. We offer a variety of different classes and have fun!