 Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Hi, you're watching Stella's Meza. On today's episode I will teach you how to make a form of a donut from Kenya or East Africa. That's a very popular in Kenya and times in the year called a Mahamri. Now Mahamri is basically a donut that has some coconut milk in it and it is delicious. Now it can be eaten for breakfast with a cup of tea or there's a legend called Bazi which is actually just a black eye peas cooked in coconut milk that you can either with or you can just eat it as a snack throughout the day. So to make this I will show you what you need. For the essential equipment you will need a frying pan. This is a wok and filled with like two cups of cooking oil. I use canola oil. You will need a sieve to sift your flour. You will need a strainer to put the Mahamri into and pull them out of the oil. You will need a mixing bowl. You will need rolling pan. You will need a knife or a pastry cutter. Now to make this you will need three cups of all purpose flour. Sift it and then you will need a pinch of salt which is a quarter teaspoon of salt. You will also need a three quarter teaspoon of rapid rise highly active. That's what I use. Then you will need seven to eight level tablespoons of granulated sugar. It depends if you like your Mahamri is a little bit sweeter. You could add up until ten tablespoons and then you will need two cups or less of coconut milk. Now if you find that you don't have enough coconut milk to reach the two cups you can add a little bit of milk in there. Now make sure it's heavy coconut milk. You will also need some clear wrapping foil and you also need a food bag and you will need a baking sheet on which to put your shaped or cut Mahamri's milk. I will explain later to you or you will see why you need that. Now over here I have the flour. I mixed the dry ingredients first. I have the three cups of flour. I have the active rapid rise yeast. I have the sugar and also have the pinch of salt. Now what you do over here also have the dough that I already kneaded earlier. Now this has been rising. You see it's a little bit lumpy. If you listen closely to here some bubbling which means the yeast is active. It's doing an extent in there. Now what feeds the yeast to make it rise like this is a sugar. So once you put the sugar you put the coconut milk in there and the dry mixture and you mix it with your hands. Now if you don't like handling the dough for whatever reason you don't like handling it with your hands you can use your mixer and just put on the hook attachments and let it knead it. If you do it with your hands do it also at least for 15 minutes. Now once you kneaded the dough for at least 15 minutes form a ball with it and then take a knife and cut through the center of it. If you see little holes like the appearance of bread, if you see the way bread has little holes in it then you know that the yeast has activated and it's doing its thing. So at that point you form the dough into a nice little ball. You will cover it in one of these. Put it in something a little bit of a container that has a lid covered up and let it sit at room temperature on the counter for a couple of hours. I do mine overnight and then I cook it in the next morning or I give them at least 3-4 hours for the yeast to make the dough rise. Now if you would like, you can do this ahead of time like if you would like to make the dough today and cook it, it could stay in the freezer for up until 2 weeks. So you can do is knead the mixture and then wrap it, don't give it time to rise. Wrap it tightly in cling foil and then insert the dough that's wrapped in cling foil and then put it in the freezer. So what happens if on the day you're ready to cook the mahamrii, you just pull them out, put them in the refrigerator and let it sit there overnight, the night before you're ready to cook them. And then an hour before you're ready to actually set cooking them, you put it on the counter and let it completely relax and then it'll start rising and then you can cut them up into shapes and go ahead and cook them. Now I'll show you using the dough that's already done, what you need to do once everything is all good and mixed up. Now you see it's all lumpy, now what you do is you're going to gently give it a punch so that it deflates a little bit. That's all the carbon dioxide produced by the, you see that, it's just deflating, produced by the yeast because it's been raising for a while. It doubled in size so you're just going to kind of knead it, perform it into a ball. It has a, you can smell the fermentation going on but that doesn't make a nasty, the trust meat tastes delicious. So just kind of kind of roll it on to a ball. Now what I'll do is I'll lightly flound the surface where I'm going to roll it out. I'm going to separate this ball into four pieces and then that four pieces I'm going to roll it out into a flat desk around a quarter inch thick and then I'm going to cut it again into four. I'm going to pour it again. So we're going to divide this, you can use a dough cutter or you can use your hand whatever works for you. Okay, divide it into four pieces and then you're going to form balls with each piece. See that? That's one ball. Second, third, I'll put this back and then we're going to cover it up just so it doesn't dry and then this what we're going to use for the first one. Make sure your surface is lightly flied. Now just as a precaution to make sure after I knead the dough to make sure it does not stick to the container in which I put it to rise. I kind of lightly apply some cooking oil. I use canola oil and then apply some around the container where where you let it rise that way it doesn't stick like you've seen. It wasn't problem pulling it out because I had applied some cooking oil. So I kind of flatten it with a heel on my hand and then we're just going to roll it out. Okay, and lightly fly your rolling pin. So the method is from the center outwards. Okay, and then you rotate it up to each turn. Center out and you're trying to achieve something around a quarter inch thickness. You don't want it too thick because it rises again once you cook it. So you don't want it to be too thick or might explode on you and then it won't be a perfect shape. Try and get as wild as you can. But don't sweat it if it's not a perfect circle. Cooking is not supposed to be stressful. It's supposed to enjoy it. Now you're looking for something around that thick. See that? That's a perfect thickness. So now I'm going to divide this into quarters. I'm going to quarter this. Look for the center part. You can use a pizza cutter if you have one to do this as well. Now see this quarters we're going to fry those in the oil and that's going to be a finished product. So I'm going to keep cutting these and then we'll come back and I show you how to fry them. So we'll be right back with you. Hi and welcome back. You're watching Stellar's Meza. Now right before the break I showed you how to knead the dough for the mahamri's and then I showed you what thickness or what size to cut the disc into. Now I don't know if I mentioned what I was making with I was showing you what's in the dough that there's one teaspoon of cardamom powder. Finally ground it in the mixture and that gives it a nice exotic flavor. Now I wanted to show you again the thickness to which you will cut your doughs. So basically we divided the dough into four pieces, four equal pieces and then one ahead and rolled each piece out and then we've quartered it. We've cut it into four pieces. Now this is a thickness you're looking for. Now don't make it too thick because if you do they do pop up in the oil as you fry them. It's going to explode or pop up on you so you don't want to do that. You want them to maintain this shape and we're going to drop this into oil. But before we do that I want you to see what I did over here, what I have here is I reserved a little bit of dough just to test the heat to see if my oil is hot already enough to fry the mahamri. So I'm going to drop it in the oil and I want you to look inside and see what it looks like. Now if it goes down and comes up too fast that means the oil is too hot and your mahamri's will burn. They'll burn on the outside but the inside will not be done all the way. So if that's the case you need to reduce the heat on your stove. So I'm going to drop that in there and I want you to see what happens. So you see it stays down for a little and then it comes up. That means that's perfect temperature. And that's around a little bit higher than medium. You can leave it medium or a little bit higher than medium. So we're going to drop in the piece of dough. You can leave that in there. It starts turning too dark. You can just take it off. So I'm going to drop in the piece of dough. What you do you drop it away from you. You don't want it to splutter and it's going to burn you. So you tip it in and away from you. Do the same thing. And you want to do four pieces of time that way you don't crowd the wok. Okay. So there you go. And then as soon as you see the one side, it's kind of puff up like that. It's time to turn. And you want to keep doing this. You don't want it to bust open. Okay. If you see it's time to puff up, you turn. And this other last one, I already went ahead and did the same thing I'm doing here. You see there's a danger there. You don't want it to break. This one is ready to turn. So as soon as I cook in my drop it in this container that has paper towel and it just so that it excess oil, if there's any is absorbed into the paper and it just doesn't sit on the mandazi. Well the verhami. Now these are also called mandazi. They're different kinds of mandazi. And this is one of the kinds of mandazis that we call mahammi. Okay. There's another kind that I will show you in a different video. It's called the half cake mandazi. It's kind of crumbles and it's really delicious. But there's not half coconut milk in it. Okay. So you keep turning them just to make sure that nothing sticks. Okay. There you go. And you want a nice, beautiful golden color. Again, if you're looking here, you'll see what you're looking for. Don't let them get you dark. Nice, beautiful golden color. And for whatever reason, you feel that they're cooking up too fast on you or it's starting to look like it's burning. Just go ahead and reduce it. Oil. But constantly turn them that way they get evenly cooked. So it still needs to cook on that side. If you see one side getting dark, turn it over to the other side that's lighter so the other side gets cooked as well. So I'm going to cook that. See, that's how you know it was a little bit too thick. It almost popped, but it did. Just keep turning them along in the oil. So they get cooked nice and even. Now in my next video I'll show you how to make mazis, which is traditionally eaten with this for breakfast. It's a breakfast meal. It's a legion that is actually just it's black eyepiece. That's what we call over here. Black eyepiece and it's cooked with coconut milk and it's delicious. It's very nutritious, protein-ful. And it's also for people who are vegetarians who do not like or who people who don't like to eat meat all the time. Sometimes I get bored of eating meat. So that's an alternative for people like me or people who for whatever reasons, health reasons or whatever cannot eat meat. There's a couple here that are good to go. That's not perfectly done. You want to just kind of shake that so any excess oil drops in there and then the rest you put in that container. And that paper will absorb any oil that drips off the maharmi. And I put that paper in there because I hate a greasy stovetop that just drives me crazy. So that's to catch any dripping oil for my strainer. And that's the last one. So I'm going to go ahead and turn the heat off on here. And then I already plated a couple and I'm going to show you what they look like inside. My next video you'll see what to make that's even with this or you can drink it a couple coffee or tea. Just going to put that in there. Okay. Okay. Now we'll take a quick break and I'll be right back with you to show you what the inside looks like. Don't go anywhere. Be right back. Welcome back. Right before the break I showed you how to fry the maharmries and then now we have to plate the item and I'm going to open one up just so you see what it looks like. You should have a slight crunch as you break it open. You hear that? Look at that. And you should have a slight cavity in there. And for those of you who are adventures I've done it before I filled it up with coconut pastry cream and that is delicious as well. So we're going to break one up and taste it. Life is a ripart. That is so good. The crunch of the outside is there's a delicate crunch to it and you taste the cut them in the coconut milk and the inside is nice and tender. So this will go perfectly with a cup of tea in the morning tomorrow. So I am going to stop here and I hope you get a chance to try this out. Do not be intimidated by the name of any of my dishes. There's nothing complicated to anybody can do it. And I always want you to remember eat and think outside the box and join me next time as we take your taste buds on another culinary safari. Thank you for joining me and we'll see you next time.