 Hi, I'm Stephen the Fulbert Urban Garden.ca. Thank you very much for joining me. Hicked the largest sweet and neat tomatoes from our plant that's still outside. What I'm going to do today is I am going to use this soil mixture that I've made and plant them. This is my sweet and neat. As you can see it's just loaded. Look at that. Just a nice beautiful coloring. Very sweet and gentle flavor. So it's the end of the growing season. This is my favorite tomato plant that's produced this year. What I'm going to do is I'm going to select the largest one. I do that on camera except I've got my son and my other arm right now. I'm going to try a couple different things and I have absolutely no idea if they'll work. I've never done this before. But I had a lot of volunteer tomatoes that tells me that tomatoes are at least their seeds from ripe fruit or stubborn. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to plant them in various ways and I haven't processed these seeds at all. All I've done is I've brought them into the house and brought them down here. So what I'm going to do is I am going to take one and just plunk it in there and I'll mark these after the other one. I'm going to cut in half. I'm going to cut it in half and lay it face up. The other I'm going to cut in half. Lay face down. Put that one in there. Lay face down. The other one, I'm going to squeeze the seeds out. I'm going to cut it and squeeze the seeds out along with all the juice. See if that helps. But removing the skin. We're going to see which ones of these grow and which ones don't. Hopefully, sometimes it's winter. I might have some sweet and neat tomatoes and tomato plants growing in my grow room. So you don't want to press too hard on the soil. You just want to cover the tomatoes and press gently. As if you're pressing on your eyeball and then we water. So it's important to note when you are watering these things, if you are using tap water, to leave it out for a day or so, to allow the chlorine to flash off. You just want to water it nice and lightly and slowly, allowing the water to seep in and get absorbed by the potting mix as opposed to just running kind of down the side. So what you'll be updated is the Asus Burger S. And we'll see you later. Thank you very much for joining me. I appreciate it very much. If you like this video, please subscribe. We're joining us on Facebook at www.facebook.com. Slash Alberta Urban Garden. Have a great day.