 Hi there, it's Danny here again from Little Jim's TV and today what I'm going to show you is some of the answers to some of the questions you put forward on stone polishing. We stock two different sorts of stone polishes which are main sellers and then they range beyond that. The machines we sell are beach stone tumblers which are a British made products of a nice and sturdy and they come with a 5 year guarantee. But beyond the stone polishes themselves what I'm going to be describing is the stone polishing process which is relevant of course to all stone polishing machines. These machines will take about what they call the 2 pound machine, we do a 2 pound, a 3 pound machine and beyond that we do a 5 pound and a 15 pound machine which are very substantial machines of course. I've got to demonstrate everything here with the start level which is a 2 pound machine in this drum you should be able to fit approximately about 50 plus stones which you can then produce your own beautiful polished stones from. So you can for instance pick up beach stones or you can use as I've got down here Raff Rock which we sell in bags and after the polishing process which is free stageless process you'll find that will have lovely glossy polished stones such as these. So to talk you through step by step for process of stone polishing you open the barrel and you put your Raff Rock or your beach pebbles into the drum. You're half approximately half to two thirds but ideally about half fill the drum. If you completely fill the drum the stones aren't going to have enough space to fall down on each other and to actually go through the process of polishing and grinding each other's down. So once you've half filled the drum with Raff you need to put the different grids here. You need to put the first coarse grit in here which is an 80 grit. You need to put about a tablespoon full of grids in with the stones and then you need to add water to the level of the top of the stones in the drum. So again you're only going to be approximately half full of water and stones and the other half air. And then just eat the top of the drum on and then you leave a tumble and day and night for approximately five to seven days. After this process is finished what you'll actually end up with are some stones. If they were rough which you have all their corners knocked off and look like a polished stone but I've got absolutely no gloss on them but I actually can be slightly matte. You need to really thoroughly wash out your drum. Make sure there's no bits of grit left from the first stage when you've got to this point. And at this point the stones should actually be smooth all over. There shouldn't be any indents or big cracks. If there are any of those just set those ones aside and so long if you've got half a drum full of stones you can go onto the next side stage. As I said thoroughly wash it out. If you're doing bright sunlight you'll be able to see if there's any bits of grit left because it was sparkle in the sunlight. Make sure you don't put the grit down your drain because it'll block your drain. And then we'll go on once you've got these clean stones in there to the next stage. The next stage lasts approximately ten to twelve to fourteen days depending on the hardest of a stone. Again you put your stones in here. You put a tablespoon full of the fine grit which is a four hundred grit in there and you leave a cover for the whole process again for that time period I just said. Then moving on to the final stage which is a polish. In this stage you're going to start with those velvety stones and actually end up with putting on a really high gloss onto a stone. Having said that the gloss which you get in the final result depends a little bit on the type of stone you put in there. For instance something hard as a stone like flint, something hard as a gemstone like a carnivian tends to have both of those tend to have a nice high gloss. Softer stones such as cow's eyes will never really get high gloss but for the vast majority of beach stones that you pick up will end up with a really satisfying glossy stone. So in the last final stage we'll get our nice silky stones and put them into the valve. By this stage you should just still roughly got half a barrel of stones and then put it in on really firmly so we don't get any water leakage. And once you've done that you just have to work your way around about to get on firmly. Then once you've done that the final stage is actually quite a short stage. So around about three to five days. Now on this stage it's quite crucial to check when you get to two to three days take your stones out each day just to check what the progress is like. The first two stages that isn't so important at all. Once you've checked you'll gradually see the gloss building up. If you live in too long then there's a risk that you'll actually start to repeat the progress of the polishing and it'll actually start to get slightly worse. If this does happen there is a way of using helping which is actually to put about a teaspoon full of washing powder in there and then leave it on this for a couple of hours. So after three to five days you should end up with really glossy stones like this. As I said it does depend a little bit on the harder stone you put in there to start with. Now I'm just going to quickly repair over the whole stage because it was quite a bit of information to take on board there. You always half fill the barrel for the stones. Add the water, a tablespoon for the first grit and leave it for 10 to 14 so seven days approximately on the first stage. Wash our really thoroughly make sure there's no grains of grit left because they will actually start to interfere with the polishing process. Wash our really thoroughly as I said put your stones back in which are going to be smooth and without cracks and that blend of shit. Put a tablespoon for the fine grit in leave it polishing for 10 to 12 to 14 days. Wash it out thoroughly put a teaspoon full to two teaspoons full of polish into your final stage and then leave it three to five days checking it daily. Then you should get perfect polished stones. If you'd like to ask any questions please contact us for our website. You can look at the machines and the ruff rock and we sell the grit supplies and spare belts etc. And our website is www.littlejamesrockshop.co.uk. Thanks so much for watching this video. Goodbye.