 Hey guys, welcome back to another video. Today I am making slime without laundry detergent, borax, icon, eye contact or eye drops, liquid starch, all of those poison stuff. But this slime recipe is still poisonous, I'll still don't eat it. And may so yet today I'm making slime without all that. And if you are new to a channel, please subscribe to a part of the pickle jar. Please subscribe, and give us a thumbs up. I can never say thumbs. Give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. And let's get on with the video. So, you need a bowl, something to mix with, and that's usually a stick this time guys, I'm using a spoon. Another bowl, I'm using some very different bowls today. Some warm water, clear glue, and make sure it is clear glue and not to white glue because white glue will not work. And you'll need this stress, the relief bath salt, or anything like this as long as it has that word, which I think is like glycerin. I don't know, I don't know if I'm not good, but anyways, yeah, as long as it has that you're good. You can find this at the bath section, you know, all of that. And no, normal salt will not work sadly. I wish it did bit. Nope. And you can also use fluid coloring. Let's move on. Okay, okay. So, we're gonna start out by taking some water. My water is a little warm. I forgot to tell you guys, the warmer the water is, the easier to dissolve the salt, the bath salt. So, you need a little less than half. That is way too little. You know, you can take a measuring cup or measuring spoon. Marjancy tissue. Trash ago. All right, next, take your salt, your musical instrument. Super annoying. And you're gonna take a big table spoon of it. And then, close up the musical instrument. Take it, make that very annoying shaking sound. And put this away. Then you're gonna mix this forever until all the salt has melted. So, that's why the harder the water is, the easier for the melted, um, dissolve. When it's all these hands, gestures I'm doing, I don't know. The water is gonna be really great. And this solution, even though the progress is like the borax, it makes a different result. So, it won't be like normal slime, but it's definitely gonna form something. So, I'll be back when I'm done mixing. There you go. That's the salt. I will not add any borax in. Guys, okay, okay, come back. Come to see, come to see, come to see, come to see, come to see already. Sorry, I just had to add a little more water because I thought that it had a little too little water. That doesn't really make sense, but I just kind of thought it didn't have enough water. So, salt wasn't really dissolving much. Yes, this takes some time, but it's okay. Sorry about my spoon, by the way. Okay, so basically all these salt disappeared. Still a little bit in, but it's okay. And no, it is not borax. I'm gonna put this aside, so magic teleporting magic. Thank you. Take our bowl. I'm just gonna stew the spoon, but you can take another spoon. Okay, so now get our bowl. Get up. Whoa, what is this? Clear glue. Alright, let's pour some food now. I took the spoon back out into the cut. Yeah, that's a lot of glue. Yeah, I'm gonna take the spoon back after I pour in that glue. Let's say we're gonna take our food coloring. Oh, and this stain was from earlier, okay? Yeah, so if you see someone that looks like me and you see that they have a stain here, it's me. It's me guys. Let's also make this go away. Three, two, one. What the hell, that was probably really bad. Yeah, but again, it's okay. Alright, I hope I don't know my nail that stain. Oh, oh no. Oh, my table, my table that stain. Okay, I think everything's fixed. But we're gonna now put some drops in. Put that one lid back on. A little bit of dye, okay. Let me make it so that it gets seared. I wish I could remove this part. So I know. Wow, look at this, a new angle. We're just mixing everything up now. I don't know what to do about how clear this is gonna be because the slime is not gonna be clear anyways. It's just that it only works with clear glue. So. Okay, and then we're gonna zoom out. Zoom. There we go. We're gonna put a little bit like a tablespoon. Let me wait for all this glue to drip off. Okay, we're gonna take like a tape, okay, that was a fail. You were supposed to take a tablespoon of this bath salt first, bath salt water first. And then you're gonna mix it. Kind of let it sit. I'm just gonna zoom in because you guys really can't see anything from that one flip. Okay, we're just gonna mix. Then we're gonna take this. And we're gonna take the whole thing and pour it in. And pour it like a salad ready. No, don't do that. You might make a dry mess. Alright, let's say for like 10 seconds. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. Whoa, okay. And then you look at that. You're gonna slowly kind of like mix it. I like to do like this. I don't want to do this. I don't know. And then share something like that. Okay, okay. What's you do? You're gonna scoop it out. Like a feather. Scoop this out. Oh, it's so blurry. Okay, my hands are dirty. But you're gonna scoop on this horrible gack out. So far it looks like the burgers and weird slime. To be honest, I think ingredients for this is kind of weird. Or one of the ingredients. And I'm pretty sure you guys know all of the ingredients. I'm pretty sure all of you guys know that one ingredient. Yes, the Basalt. But once you got basically everything out, remove your bowl. Three, two, one, telepotion. Blast off. And I'm gonna make a dry wire mess. You're just gonna need it. And if it's really sticky, then you probably need more salt. And don't do this on the table until you know like until it doesn't get your hands. Oh my god, my state. Huh. And then just need it. Okay, so I finished eating it. This was pretty rubbery because I added some water. And I wanted to see if I could make a little bouncy ball off of it. Because it seems like rubbery enough for a bouncy ball. Anyway, so yeah. But obviously your slime should be softer. Unless you add a really little glue and a bunch of salt. Then it probably is gonna be really rubbery. Okay, let's just try to make a bouncy ball. This is all cleaned up. Yay! Okay. Now we're just gonna try to bounce it. Yeah, not bouncy. This isn't really pokeable. I made another giant batch of this slime because you know. It's actually really fun to make it. If you do it properly, then it's fun. If your slime turns out like really just basically just water. Because I had those times. Then probably add more salt and all that. And we're gonna show you the bigger batch. This was more of a slime. You see? Softer. It's great here. Now let's sit for a few days. So this is a bunch of hard hearts here. Oh my god, it's here. Okay, here. Wow. Pretty shiny. And like this one, if you want to sit, then it will turn shiny. And it's, yeah. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. If you did, give it a thumbs up and there's the hair. It's back. Oh no. And that's basically it. Goodbye.