 What's up Nuggets, it's Delti from Deltiys Gaming.com here with an Furnall Nugget going to teach you about SIGIC EMBROJA Potient in the other's Proflon line. Why do you want to know about this? Well it's the way to craft the XP Potions. It's like PS4 and Xbox got a huge patch today about 15 gigs. I think that information is going to be in there pretty soon so you guys can start crafting these as well. So this video is about how to craft the SIGIC EMBROJA Potions. Get them all the parts, what you need to do, everything about it so you guys can start using them and leveling your characters at 50% more. So it's going to use some of the previous videos that we use and some new information. Let's get started. So I have this handy dandy flow chart here. At the top you have the SIGIC EMBROJA. This is the completed project. So you get 50% more experience from all sources including champion points in the last 30 minutes. In an earlier video I told you how to power level your provisioning. That's going to come in real handy. One, the passive is going to allow the SIGIC EMBROJA to last longer than the 50 minute mark. Two, you're going to need it for the two ingredients below. The Burvez juice and the Frostmourium. So before you get to that you have to get the SIGIC EMBROJA recipe fragments. There's seven and all. You get these fragments from doing crafting rits, provisioning crafting rits. So that's what I'm going to show you first, how to optimize that. So using these crafting rits you're also going to get the same thing you need for the Burvez juice and the Frostmourium. So that video provisioning and power level you're going to want to watch that. Next up the last item is perfect row. That you get from fishing. Yes, fishing is very, very relevant. I have a really detailed guide on my site courtesy of Pinkfroid. It talks about everything you need to efficient. But I'm going to explain each of these things real quick. So let's start with the SIGIC EMBROJA recipe frag. All right, we're back in game here and I'm standing by the crafting rit place in Craglor, which is where you get the last crafting rits, the end game ones. You probably want to level up your provision on multiple tunes in order to get a better chance at getting these. So a couple things about the crafting rits and from what we know so far, you go to craft, you get a provisioning. What determines how much or the crafting rit that you can get is the recipe improvement. So at level 15 provisioning you can max this out to 6 and that's going to let you get the last or the end game crafting rit. Why do you want the end game crafting rit? You want it because it gives you a better chance, allegedly at getting the fragments. So the only way to get these fragments is through provisioning crafting rits. All you do is you go pick them up here. I've done them. I did already this morning because I do it on four characters and I'm going to soon it's going to be eight because it's that hard to get a fragment. So once you get those, there's a couple other things you might need to know that's going to be helpful is that provisioning is pretty much the easiest one to do because you can pre-craft. Our theory and brandy is one of the things that comes up. Canarthi's wing chai is a drink that comes up. Sipping ingmatonic is another one and the three others are food. Our Goni and Saddle Cure Rabbit sounds great. Fresh apples and edarchies. Pickled carrot slurry. So you can do one of two things. Get these recipes on your own by looting stuff or buying it in a guild trader. But really once you get a whole of these items, make a bunch of them because you only need a deposit one at a time. So on all four of my characters, I had one craftercraft 100. I spud it up, gave 20 to each character. So every day all I do is literally go over here, pick it up, already have the items in my inventory and I did this red over here. And then I deposit them and I do that on four characters. And that's what gives you a chance to get those fragments. You'll get a provisioning sack that you open and loot and boom, there's your chance to get it. So I didn't get it this morning. I'm raging mad. But I did get some of that frosted bivarian cream stuff, whatever it's called, Perez Juice, Miraniam. Not as good as a long john, but so be it. And these items are going for pretty good amount as most people are using them. So to get a frag, you're going to have to pay tons and tons of money in game or you're just going to have to do the crap out of crafting rits. Yep. That's simple. So I would suggest watching my power level provisioning video if you don't have anyone provisioning high, but level that out and level on multiple tunes. Okay. So the last thing we talked about, there's seven frags, there's two, three ingredients, which we haven't talked about perfect row. Perfect row is the ingredient. The gold legendary recipe that lets you craft the completed Sijik and brochure. We have to do this by fishing. So I'm going to go fish and talk about that. Okay, this is what a fishing hole looks like. Yes. Really, really fancy, huh? It kind of looks similar to alchemy water that you pick up, but it's just a bunch of splashing fish. So the down and dirty on fishing, all you really need to do is select a bait. The pole automatically comes. So you just hold the E key or on consoles, whatever key it is, and you select a bait. If you before you select a bait, though, go in your inventory, forget where it's at. There it is. And miscellaneous. If you put your mouse over it, it says bait for fishing, use for foul waters. So on my website, there is a super detailed guide about every bait, every lake, and where are the power leveling spots to go. So I recommend going there. But for this, foul water is basically anything around zombies. So we're going to use crawlers. So all you do is hold this, select crawlers, and then just hit E. So you're pulling, and you're waiting for the bobberter flash. I have an add-on called Votans that will automatically tell me when a fish is biting, and then you just reel it in with the E key. Fish in. A fish in. What? Oh my god. Fish in. It's so fun. This is why I don't fish in real life. It's boring. Okay. So I got a fish. Oh my god. Did I get a perfect crow yet? Probably not. Go in inventory, and then you go to consumables. And so essentially like fishing is just pretty much the same as deconstructing or refining or what you get it. You refine basically the fish or filet. Double click it. And boom. I have fish. So no perfect row. That's all you have to do to get perfect row. Just fish the crap out of stuff. So we're going to try again. So basically there's people that all they do is do fishing now and go for those perfect row. Some people have gotten perfect row. The first cast. Some people have spent four hours doing it. Its random is random. It is rare. So you're probably going to have to spend a lot of time. So you can spend an hour fishing. I recommend and then just filet all the fish. Probably the best way to do it. Slotter fish. Let's see. Oh my god. And nothing. So as you can see, to get this recipe, it's going to take a while. A lot of work. So what I recommend doing is budding up. Use the guild system to your advantage. Get a bunch of like-minded friends. Maybe one finds a fragment, another finds a fragment. Put it together and put all of your resources together to make this. Nugget Nation can now craft these on the PC and we're helping people level up because you want that potion. They're pretty cheap right now on PC. They're only going for 5,000 in kill traders. So you honestly don't have to spend money on the XP scrolls if you don't want to. That's what I highly recommend using guild, be friendly, be social, help each other out. It goes a long way. Alright, we're on my crazy website. And so we're now going to do the fishing guide just to show you the recap and how easy this is. Fishing, type it in the search box or click right there. Boom. Takes you to fishing guide. Click it. Oh my gosh. Urm, my God. This is everything you need to know about fishing. Also with the baits, special baits, how do you fish? Which worms you need? What to use in certain type of water? Where do you find bait? How to slow? Blah blah blah blah. You see this is really, really useful. And then also how to farm for perfect row. So trust me, use the website. It has a good farming spot for fishing that you're going to want to use. So make your life easier, not harder by visiting Zelty is gaming dot com. Recap. Try to keep this short and sweet. The top is a completed potion that you're going to need seven fragments obtained through provisioning rits. Once you get the seven fragments, use the below ingredients. The pervary juice and the frost marinaum come from provisioning rits are also getting the looting the items out in the world. Perfect row is by fishing. That's all go make your potions and explore tamry out. Thank you so much for watching and I got more videos to come.