 Hi, I am Bono Arigouz. Today guys I am going to show you how to make Parmesan crisp. They are so ridiculously easy. These savory crisp are simple and irresistible. If you like spice, you can add a pinch of cayenne, espettat, bimam, curi, paprika or ground black pepper if you wish, to the mixture before baking. Serve them on a side of any green salad. Like of course the season of salad but why not with a bowl of soup. You are watching the Real Deal cooking channel. So first I'm going to grate my parmesan. It's so much better to buy parmesan in a bra, like that. And when you need it, you grate it. That's it. And to make them perfectly round, I'm going to use a pastry ring, but you can use English muffin ring as well. Or any other fancy shapes you might think of such as square rectangle and heart. Use the ring as a guide and five grams or two tablespoons of parmesan per crisp or two. And pat down to seal the cheese. So then it will keep its original shape. Let's give a try with this hot cookie cutter and see if it works out. That will be fun. So far, so good. They are just ready to be baked. So now you have to be careful and not shaking the baking tray. Otherwise you would have to do the whole thing. So it's not worth it. So just be careful. And I am going to bake these by boys at 300 and 50 degrees Fahrenheit. 180 Celsius for about five to ten minutes. It all depends on your oven. Keep an eye on it until it's golden and crisp. And then you can take them out. Right after baking, try to serve to your work surface and let cool completely. It smells absolutely amazing. Here they are. Look at that. This is what I am talking about. I mean, come on. These are so elegant. Light and crispy. If you want to get that fancy looking twill, twill in French, which is basically a clay roof tile, you can bend parmesan twill as soon as they get out from the oven or cook twill using a non-stick frying pan on medium high heat. And as soon as it gets light brown, bend twill on a cooking spray bottle or using your rolling pin. To get the full recipe, go to BrunoSkitschen.net. Thank you for watching and please subscribe like me on Facebook and follow me on Twitter, Instagram and Pinterest. Ciao ciao.