 Hey Richard, I cleaned up the dishes last time. It's not my turn. I got a call from a buddy of mine that was uncharacteristically doing the dishes and he had a little catastrophe. So I thought it would give us reason to talk about some of the soaps you might find around a kitchen. So we all know this. This is dish liquid. It's what you'd use to put on a sponge and wash the dishes in the sink and it's highly concentrated. Okay, so I've got one of those that lives right next to my sink. Right. Okay, so there's that. Now, it's roughly lots of bubbles. They also make this, dishwasher detergent gel. This is not dish soap. This is made for the dishwasher itself and it's a lot less concentrated. You do that. So you're saying that that stuff goes into your dishwasher. Yeah, that's supposed to be what you put in the dishwasher. Okay. Oh, wow. Wait, you don't get any bubbles at all. Carly any build up, okay? So that's a pretty big difference. Okay, see the difference. So you could actually make a mistake and instead of using what you're supposed to use this, you use the dishwasher. Wait, I see you saying that all dish soaps aren't the same. They're not created equal. So in a pinch or in an oversight, I can't pour the... You could put some, but you could not put a full load because it's got so much more power to it. And this is what your buddy did? Yeah. And then you just put it on and then you just hit the button and you think it's all good. I'll come back when they dry. Wait, I mean, is something terrible going to happen? Well, let's turn it on and find out. All right, so we have two little cameras inside and then I'll watch what's going to happen. Let me give you a little foreshadowing. Oh no. What is this? Uh oh. So the basin is full of water and now the wash cycle begins with a pre-wrest. We've already got a lot of bubbles and this hopper has an open jet. Yeah, a little soap may have leaked out of the door and it's already caused that much mess. And now the soap door has been released for the wash cycle. Look out. It's not just in the basin, can we look at this? It's also gripping down here that would all come under the floor. You can see how the soap is clogging that washroom. It's getting bogged down by all the suns. So my buddy came down and saw this foam just completely covered the entire kitchen. All right, let's check this baby. Look out. What are we going to see? Look at all the foam and the suds. So what you got to do is you got to go in and get this all out of here with a wet vac and mop it out and everything else because it's just going to keep doing this forever. That concentrate just lays in the bottom of the thing. I mean, those are good tips, but don't tell me you should tell your friend. Well, I did because I have a confession. It was me. No. I didn't know my glasses on. I came down and the kitchen floor is clean too. Plummer gun rope. That's right.