 Hey everyone, Desiree here from homiereporter.com. Today I'll be showing you a craft project, Sugar Water and String Easter baskets. Now it sounds a little tricky, but it's actually really simple. And you can find everything you need for less than 10 thoughts. So if you want to see how to make it, stay tuned. Okay, to get started making the Sugar Water Easter baskets, you will need some sugar. And the cheapest you can find is always best. I just picked this up at Walmart. I think it was maybe $2 for this big 5-pound bag. You will also need crochet thread. And the one that I recommend is this Aunt Lydia's Fashion Crochet Thread, in a size of 3. Because this one I've gotten the best results with. And you can find this at Walmart. I bought it for, I think it was $2. So it comes with different colors. You can see this is the smallest roll they have. And that's enough to make one small size basket. So it's the Aunt Lydia's Fashion Crochet Thread. I've got it in red here and in white. You will also need some balloons. And again, I picked these up at Walmart. And I think it was maybe $1 and some change for this bag. And you will also need a bowl to put your Sugar Water mixture in when you soak the thread. Which I will show you. So let's get started. So in this bowl I am pouring my Sugar Water mixture. And basically what it is is it's a simple syrup. And the recipe is two cups of Sugar to one cup of Water boiled. So you boil it to make sure the Sugar is completely dissolved. Because that is crucial in having these turn out right. You need to make sure the Sugar is completely dissolved. And the only way I found that that really works is to boil it and to make a simple syrup. So again, it's two cups of Sugar to one cup of Water boiled. And it doesn't take long for it to boil. So just make sure you watch it. And once you get it boiled, turn it off and let it cool. And because you don't want it too hot, because if you have it too hot, it may pop your balloon. Okay, so I've got my Sugar Water in the bowl. As you can see here. And what you're going to do is you're going to take your thread. Let me. And find the end of it. You're going to drop the whole entire roll in this water. Because you want the thread to soak up as much of this water as possible. So you just let it soak in there. And as you work with it, you'll see some spots that aren't completely soaked, but it's okay. That's basically all there is to this. You just wrap a balloon with thread soaked in Sugar Water. And this is very messy, so I recommend wearing an apron. Or clothes you don't care about getting a mess. So here's my balloon here. And all I'm going to do is start wrapping it. And make sure that the thread is good and soaked with that Sugar Water, because that's what's going to make it hardened. And give you that nice pattern, that nice looking sturdy basket. Okay, I'm getting to the end of the roll of thread you can see in here. It's almost to the cardboard. So when you start to see that, look at your basket and look for any spots that may need some extra coverage before you run out of thread. Okay, so when you get done wrapping, it should look something like this. And when you get to the end, you're just going to kind of press it in there. Because when it dries, it'll smooth itself out and won't be an issue at all. And I use that whole roll of the crushade thread. And then what I like to do at the end is I kind of stick this in the leftover water to make sure it's all completely coated. And then that'll make sure that the basket is good and hard and crystalized. And then once it's completely done, you're going to let it dry overnight. And what you do is you just take, I just take a cup and I let it sit right on top of the cup. And that's your Easter egg shaped basket. So what you're going to do is let this dry overnight and then you will finish it up tomorrow. Okay, so here it is the next day. And as you can see, it's hard as a rock as it should be. But if you notice, my balloon inside deflated a little bit. And as a result, I have this little indentation right here where the balloon deflated. So this part didn't kind of pop out. But I wanted to show you that because if you have little imperfections like that, it's okay. Because what I'm going to do is I'm just going to cut that out for the opening and just make it bigger. Or maybe I'll just work with it somehow and cut it. So it still looks good. So when I have like one loose string here, but that's okay. It's okay. I can work with it. So if that happens to you, don't panic or freak out because this type of a project, it's really easy to fix problems and imperfections. Now I will show you the final step which is cutting the opening for the basket. And it's kind of hard to do this on camera. Okay, so as you can see, I've cut an opening all around here. And I didn't do a perfect oval. It's kind of like a mouth shape or something or a moon. But you know, it's okay. I actually think sometimes the more different or interesting you can make the opening, the more character that these baskets have. So that's what it looks like on the inside. You can see the string and it's hard as a rock. So now all you have to do basically is decorate around here and cover up these rough edges. And if you have little strings that are kind of loose right here, it's okay. Because you're just going to take your glue gun and put your embellishments around there to cover up all these loose pieces. So that won't even be a problem once it's done. So okay, I'm going to go decorate and embellish this and I will come back with the finished product. Well, I hope you enjoyed this craft project. Again, here's my finished piece here. You can see where I added some embellishments and the grass inside. And this is the back. So now you can keep these for up to several years. But when you do store them, make sure you store them in a plastic set block bag because it is sugar water. It has a tendency to attract ants. I've never had that problem, but I have heard other people having that problem. So it's just an FYI. Also, there are some variations on the recipe. Some people use starch, some people use egg whites. You can use glitter when it's dry to give it more of a sparkle. You can use colored water, white string. There are so many different ways to make these unique and different. So if you do try any of those variations, please let me know because I may try something different for next year. So again, thank you so much for watching. To find out more, you can visit mommyreporter.com. And I will see you next time. Bye. Okay, so here's another one I made here. You can see I cut the opening in oval shape and then I decorated it with the beads that I just hot glued around. And I put some candy in there too. So you can see how the outside looks. So just to give you another idea of how you can decorate it. And then I put some candy in there too. And then I put some candy in there too. And then I put some candy in there too. And then I put some candy in there too. And then I put some candy in there too. And then I put some candy in there too. And then I put some candy in there too. And then I put some candy in there too. And then I put some candy in there too.