 Hey guys, Brandon here and I don't know if you guys saw but about maybe a month ago, maybe a month and a half ago, I made a video about a touchless car wash. I used my foam cannon power washer and then a leaf blower. I did not touch the car at all because the point of that video was kind of like the car is dirty but you don't want to spend a couple hours washing it properly so you could do a touchless wash in the meantime. Well today we're going to take it one step lazier and see how effective a drive-through touchless car wash is. Again, drive-through touchless. Those normal car washes with the drive-through and they lock onto your tires or whatever and spin those bristles. Other people see clean bristles, icy sandpaper spinning at crazy RPM. So yeah, I don't do those car washes but every now and then I guess it's okay to do like a touchless drive-through. And so right now my BRZ is in the years I've been driving it dirtier than it's ever been. So I've driven it in like some cold weather recently, three rainstorms and now there is like just mud kicked up on the side sills all through the back and just a lot. A couple bug spiders but nothing too big up there but it is dirtier than it has ever been in my ownership. And the reason I want to spend time with it and wash it right now but it's about 30 degrees, 35 degrees and here in Central Texas in the winds blowing to 30 mile an hour gust. So just a quick translation for everyone who's not Texan, 30 degrees Fahrenheit, just imagine that being negative 30 degrees. It's that cold to us. So yeah and again the wind's not helping. So as much as I want to do like the normal two bucket method wash and all that good stuff, we'll just go ahead and start leaving here. I'll just do one step later just to see how effective a drive-through car wash is. I haven't done a drive-through car wash in probably over a year or so. So yeah this will be interesting. So anyway, we'll just go ahead and get on with it and then see how effective this wash really is. And with the magic of editing we should be there any second. Pulling in here. I don't think anyone else is getting a wash at this time anyway. All right so we got three options. We're spending money today. We're going to go plus and now it's inter wash. So again this is just one of those. I just sit in the middle of it and park. Getting the wheels now. Now this is a detailed job. I'll tell you what. And then stop right there. We'll let it do its thing. I'm surprised that it's actually even open right now. I don't know who would be washing their car at this time. But it looks like we got a little bit of foam cannon action going on right now. Geez, what have I been wasting my money on? It looks like there's a few steps. I think I selected the most expensive one. So it's like cleaning washing, frickin, whatever else. I don't know. But yeah, this is probably not going to, well, not probably. I know this is not going to be as effective as doing a proper wash. But hey, if it does well enough, then that's kind of cool, especially in these kind of conditions. I just don't want to be washing my car too cold for a Texan. Looks like the foam is being car washed off more or less. So it looks like there's a few steps that says cleaning, washing, ultra shield, or whatever. Yeah, okay. Spot, what is that? Surface protection spot free rinse and then air drying. All right. Probably flip my windshield wipers on now just to get rid of some of the splatters and whatnot. We're ready to go any second here. Now air drying. I'm going to make sure I get all the air I can get here. Ran through it there. I'm going to go back and reverse now. All right, reversed a couple times there to get all there I can get and we should be good. G's, why do I spend all those hours washing my car when I could just do that? Well, we'll just take it home and kind of see what it looks like. Obviously it's going better than it did and obviously won't look as good as it can with a proper wash. But just how decent is it because again, I just wouldn't be washing my car right now. As I drive back home, I thought I'd update you guys on something. I'm going to be uploading this video today, which I think it's Thursday. I'm uploading this video today and then Sunday I'm uploading a car's and coffee video. As always, with the second Sunday of every month, I just uploaded the car's and coffee Austin video. And then I'm actually out of town for a little over a week. So yeah, and instead of like scheduling videos and all that stuff, I don't really like to do that. I like to upload videos within like a certain time frame they were actually shot just to keep it kind of relevant. I'll be in Seattle for a little over a week. So there won't be any uploads in that time, but I'll be sure to come back and start uploading again. So don't be alarmed. Now in case the jets didn't dry well enough though, as we know, a proper way to dry a car is just to downshep to couple it. Give it a little bit of speed. We might have hit 20 there. That's pretty cool. All right, so I just got back home. I already took a look around the car because if I try to hold the camera and tell you guys what's going on, you wouldn't be able to hear me because it's kind of windy. But yeah, I already took a look around and obviously it looks better, but I actually expected it to be even better. Again, I guess I wasn't expecting really good results the way I would wash it by hand. Pretty much like by the door handle to the top, it looks pretty clean. Like the roof is nice and glossier right now and everything like that, but where the dirt was, there's less dirt, but it kind of seems like it kind of spread it around a little thinner. Just to mix mud or dirt with water, you get mud and you get mud a little bit more around the car. Wheels are still really dirty. The back end is still completely caked with dirt. So drive through car washes. If you want to get a cleaner look, you have to go with one through bristles, but then you're going to get swirl marks like through and through. So then you go through a touchless one and I think touches car washes are actually pretty good. If you just have light dirt on it, like you just did a wash or something like that not long ago, you put wax on it or something and dirt comes off easier. They go through like a touches car wash, but in the case of this, I've had like this dirt tacked on to it for about two, three weeks now or something like that. So yeah, not that great of results, but still I don't know how much that was because they didn't print a receipt and they weren't showing the prices. But from when I went there a while ago, it was anywhere from like six to twelve dollars. And if you go during the winter time or at night, it could be anywhere from like four to six or something like that. It's even cheaper. So you know, this is probably under $10. Is it worth it? Probably not in this case, but again, if you just have light dirt, it's not really kicked on there. Then yeah, I could kind of see a drive through a touchless car wash anyway. But yeah, not too much else on this one. Again, videos will continue after next Wednesday because I'll be out of town. But anyway, that concludes this video. Thank you guys for watching and have a great day.