 Hi I am Patty Elhoff. I am the author of the book upcycle with DekuPage. The title is covered up a little bit there. However this book can be found on Amazon Scoby Books and Barnes & Noble. Your best price would be on Scoby Books. Actually that would be my best price also. That is SKOOBE and I'm letting you know that as a thank you for watching my video if you'd like to purchase my book you can get it at a nice discount from Scoby Books. That book has several projects similar to the one I'll be showing you today. What we want to do with these vases you may notice that the teal one is half done. That's clear glass back there because I worked on the front half of the vase and I'm going to show you how to do the back half of the vase. I just wanted you to see how it looked. That is because teal as of 2013 is the big color for weddings. So this one next to it is probably a more traditional vase and I tell you in the book how this can be painted because you need a certain type of paint to use on glass to get the other paint to stick to it. So that's got a pearl finish on it. Probably a far more traditional vase because it's got the tool and the pearls and it's in white. There's quite a lot of bling on that. That center shell is covered in glitter. This one is a little more on the Romantic side to need tissue paper and that can be in any theme color you want glass vase. You'll need a nail file, heavy grit nail file, at least two sponge brushes. Keep a wet cloth on hand, a dry cloth, a small bowl of water, your dacoit pudge medium. I am using this product called Triple Thick Eye Glitter. Also have some embellishments on hand. You can know beforehand what you're going to want pearls, little silk flowers, tool, ribbon, shells, whatever you want. This is your project. Here's where I cut it so it's got nice straight edges. You can see this has a little bit of glitter on it. I've always got to have a little glitter that's just me. So we'll put a little dacoit pudge glue on our vase. We'll just ignore that there's a ragged edge over here. It's kind of nice to work with these vases like this. You can hold your hand in there. I do put glue on the bottom and I wrap the paper around. To begin with I just put the glue right where I'm going to need it, not covering the whole vase just yet. I will overlap top and bottom, meaning I lay the paper down and I overlap it on the bottom. Press it down and I overlap the top. I then take a clean sponge brush, dip it in some water and that helps to weigh the tissue paper down. It also helps to tear it as you can see right there. But that's okay. Since it's dacoit pudge you can always just take another piece of paper and cover that right up. That's a good reminder. You have to be very gentle with this. You may just want to take the brush and dab it down. You see how the paper is going right down into the glow. This obviously is going to be very sheer finish. So I will complete this side. I'll fast forward through this because this is all you need to do with the next few strips. Okay, we've got that part of it finished. Now if you see any little tears in there, you can cover them up with just a tiny little piece of the paper that's not going to be a problem. Picking it up is a problem. But just cover it up. Press it down. Just be gentle. Add a little more dacoit pudge glow. And this project does take a lot longer to dry. What I did yesterday with this side was I actually put it in the oven on 200 degrees. That was the lowest. What I did was I put it in the oven, turned the oven on and let it preheat while this was in there. So that when the oven beep letting me know that it had reached 200 degrees, I turned it off and I left this in there for an hour. To dacoit pudge the bottom, just follow the same instructions that I've just given you about the sides, which is to just add a little dacoit pudge glow. This looks very messy and sloppy right now, but when it's done, it really does look pretty. This already has some paper on it, so it might be a little challenging, but any paper that pulls up, we're going to cover the spot anyway, so it's fine. This will be an interesting vase when I'm done, right? It's going to have one side for when I'm in an ocean type of mood, I guess, and the other side is going to be for when I just want a different look. I'll just turn the vase around. There is our finished vase. I added the top coat, I added more glitter, I don't know if you could see that. And the same way that you're using, if you're going to put salt or sugar on a margarita glass, you would do the same thing with glitter. You just put glue around the rim, put this in the plate or the container with the glitter in it, and you've got a nice glitter finish, whether it's your beach theme or like this interesting two-sided vase, the very sheer side with the bold purple ribbon. If you have any questions, feel free, make a comment, leave a comment, please subscribe to my videos, I'm adding new videos every week, don't forget about my book Upcycle with Dekopage, and I'll be happy to answer any of your questions. Thanks a lot, bye-bye.