 Can I be making up bread and butter pudding today? Now bread and butter pudding is a great dish to make when you've got some old bread. Two or three days old, don't know what to do with it because you bought a new loaf, make bread and butter pudding. Now the other good thing is, is so simple to do and it tastes crummy. So what I'm going to do first of all is go through the ingredients and then we're going to make it up and try some. So just to go through the ingredients, now I've got me bread, I've got ten slices of bread but this is a fairly smallish loaf. So if you've got a bigger loaf, you might need less bread, seven or eight slices. I'm going to leave the crust on, probably cut them in half but also we're going to butter them so I'm going to put some butter on one side and some marmalade, orange marmalade and that will just make the bread really delicious to start with. Then we're going to pour over a sort of custardy mixture that soaked into the bread and it all sets in its absolutely delicious. Now to make that, we're going to use 275 milliliters of milk. So it's roughly about half a pint of milk and in 60 milliliters of double cream, three eggs. Then I've got the zest of a lemon so I've got my little zesting tool, you just sort of scrape it back and that will just add a lovely flavour. I've only zested about half the lemon so don't overdo it. 50 grams of caster sugar and then I've got 50 grams of currents so I've got a bag of currents there, 50 grams. So a little bit of nutmeg. Now with the nutmeg, if you've got a whole nut and you can sort of grate it, it's much nicer than the sort of powdery one you buy but a little bit of nutmeg just sets it all off at the end. So let's all the ingredients. What we're going to do first of all is to get the bread and we're going to butter it and put some marmalade on there. So I've got the bread all laid out on the chopping board. Now what I'm going to do is just butter it really so just sort of gently just put a thing wipe on the bread so you don't have to put too too much. That's it, just try and get it right out to the edges as well. So put the butter on each of those and then after that we can put the marmalade on. Now with the marmalade, just put some splotches on each one and then we just spread it out of the knife. I'm just doing the last one there. You know it's this marmalade, it's got like the lumps in it so that'll be nice when you get a bit of that. Delicious. So there we go, I've got those all buttered and marmaladed. Now one good thing is to cut them in half. Now you can either cut them sort of that way or you can go in triangles however you want to do it. I think I'm going to cut mine in triangles. I'm just going to give it a gentle cut across there, little triangles. I won't cut them any more but I'll do that with all the rest. So there we've got the bread, it's been cutting half, we've got the butter and the marmalade on there. So that's ready to go. Now what I'm going to do is I'm going to bring myself a little baking dish and we're going to put a little bit of butter around the bottom and the sides of the baking dish and then we're going to start layering it with the bread. Now then we're going to start putting a bottom layer. Now for the bottom layer, I think I'm going to use some of these ones here. So I've probably put about four of those at the bottom. Now what we're now going to do is to put some of these currents on there. Obviously you can do that sort of stuff to taste. Just really get a nice layer at the bottom there. So I've probably got some of those left and then we can really just start layering these out. So you've got to think how they're going to fit. If we start with the first one there. That's it, it's just about working out. Lovely, gently. So there you go, there's my one. That was really simple to do. Now I'm also going to put some more of those currents on top. I don't know how to do it. I've got a few left, but that's it. So I think that looks really nice already. Now obviously we've got to make up this sort of custardy mixture. So let's move that aside and bring a bowl. Now rather than using a bowl for mixing up, I thought I might as well use this measuring jug because then all you can do is just put the ingredients in here. So I'm going to put 265 ml of milk. That's it. Out of that. So there's 250 and it's just above that. So that will do the milk. I've also got the cream. I'm going to use 60 ml of the cream as well. I mean, if it's not exact, that's fine, but that's roughly anyway. So there's the mixture there. Now what I'm going to do next of all is to put in the custard sugar. So just pop that in. And we've got the lemon zest. The other thing I'm going to need is the eggs. Now with the eggs, I'm going to whisk those separately, just to break them up and then we can just add it into the mixture. So let's just get them above. Now I'm just going to give that a little whisk with a spoon whisk. There you go. Always done. What I'm going to do is move that bowl out the way. Ring that jug back. Now we can give that a quick stir, just to start with. And then really just pour in the eggs. There you go. Just give that the final stir. That's ready to go. That is so simple to do. Now let's bring our bread and butter, put it in back again. Just get that in view. Oh yeah, looks good. Now I'm just going to pour this over the top. I'm trying on the leek and mis. Oh yeah. Now a little bit of nutmeg. So let's just put just a little bit on the top. Lovely. And really we're ready to go. That is ready to be baked up in the oven and when that comes out, that is going to be delicious. Now the oven has just come up to temp. Just so the sun is putting into a preheated oven. 100 Nm of degrees Celsius. 350 Fahrenheit. Gat-Mart 4. And so you want to cook this for about 30 to 40 minutes. So we're not looking about 30 minutes and give it a few more minutes if we need to. So I've got the bread and butter put in and it's been cooking for 30 minutes. Now I'm just going to have a little peak. So let's open the door up. Just pull it out a little bit. See if you can see it. Let me just have a look. Oh yeah. That's looking nice. Look at that. Golden brown colour. Smelling wonderful and that's all set. So let's pull it out and serve it up. So I've just taken the bread and butter put in out the oven and I'm going to get stuck into some of this. So let's have a little scoop. The big, I really want is there actually. I'm kind of going to go go for that once if we can work our way in. It was nice, nice at the bottom. Oh I can feel it. It's going to be really delicious. Oh yeah. Let's get that scoop out of here. Oh look. What you can do with that sort of mixture is just make sure you've got your share if you like. And we can tap that underneath because that is really yummy. So let's just have a look. See what we've got. So I'm just going to try some of that. Let's get stuck in this golden brown colour. Oh yeah. Let's try that. It's lovely because you've got crunching into the toast. And you've got the current and the kind of squashing and popping in your mouth. You've got that lovely flavour that's holding it all together. That sort of eggy custardy mixture. That is really nice. I'm just going to go for another one because it's so good and. Oh I'm going to try it. Try that. Mmm. That's so camping. Really nice. Oh. If you want a really nice pudding, I'm making it from old bread. You know, bread that's few days old. You can make something really delicious and this is it. So go and make yourself this bread and butter pudding. Oh. And that's not my lead. It's so good. Oh that's a bit of crunchy stuff. Just before I go, I think this will be delicious. A little bit of ice cream. Or maybe you could have custard or cream or just on its own because it's so nice on its own. But I'm going to have that little bit of ice cream because, or it's going to be warm, sort of bread and butter pudding, the cold ice cream lovely. Now I've just served mine out a little bit of vanilla ice cream so I'm going to get stuck into that. So thanks for watching my videos and obviously I hope you enjoy it when you make it. Don't forget to subscribe if you haven't already subscribed and enjoy it. See you again soon, the original naked chef. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. That is delicious with your ice cream. Delicious.