 Hi guys, welcome back to Domestic Detailing and today I'm going to be sorting out my kettle. I'm just sick of those brews with what I will call Ponscom on the top of them. I live in a hard water area and I don't use, I don't like to use descaling products or vinegar because it absolutely stinks. So I use lemon juice. So I'm going to show you that this isn't a kettle, I've done this, I probably did it two weeks ago and already because you know I like a brew, it's absolutely full of scum. And you know it's not good, I'll zoom in trying to show you the best of can guys, it's quite hard, the light's pretty dim. So you can see there that the bottom is pretty much kegged in lime scale and you know you can go out and get a descaling product, cost you about five or six quid, the harmful chemicals, quite powerful acid, not good for the environment. I just use lemon juice, just squirt a bit of it in, so you're going to do now. Okay, nice bit of lemon juice in there, done, filter out, take a look at this, full of it, lime scale. As you can see, all I do is I just chuck that in, in the back of the kettle, in the lemon juice and let the lemon juice work, it's magic. Okay, so that's the lemon juice in there, guys, as you can see, you know no trickery, it is just lemon juice. And now you've got to do really just let it sit there. I tend to just give it sort of, I don't know, half an hour. Okay, so now I'm back, lemon juice is probably been sitting there for about, not that long way, let's say about 15-20 minutes, but I'm just trying to make the videos as fast as I can. So I'm going to try and show you now just to see, you know, within sort of 15 minutes, how much it's already taken off the bottom of this, as you saw previously, it's pretty kegged. Yeah, there's still a little bit there really, you know, still a bit of the bottom, but it's looking a little bit better already. So I'll probably just give it enough 15 minutes and then let's come back and have a look again. Okay, 15 minutes done, look at this, half an hour, looks like a brand new kettle, absolutely, no lime scale on there, on that base plate whatsoever. I know this bits around the plastic, but it's more about the base plate. And as you can see, lemon juice, you know, less than a quid of bottle, cleans the kettle out, you haven't got to use a lot, and then it just makes a better brew. Okay, the filter, that was kegged, absolutely brand new, no lime scale on the filter at all, it's all been eaten away by the lemon juice acid. And then, you know, just rinse the kettle out with water a few times, quick boil, whack the filter back in. And we ready to go and make some brews, guys. Please like and subscribe.