 Hey, what's going on guys? I should borrow Ian and welcome to the Fit Man style channel the place where we discuss all things style related for the Fit Man If you're new here check out my older videos so you can see what I've been doing for the past year and a half and Catch up the speed if you're not new here welcome back and let's get into today's very interesting topic Now I am the first thing away from a tailor Tailoring the art of tailoring is best left to the professionals But understand things happen on the fly, you know, you have a war zone about my function that happens right before You're about to go to a gala a party a date dinner with friends and family and you may have the money, but you damn sure don't have the time Or maybe you do have the money in the time or maybe you're just curious on how to do this So in this video, I'm gonna do a DIY attempt on how to sew in suspended buttons on your pants If you missed it a couple weeks ago, I did a video on why I feel Suspenders and braces are a good fit for the fit man And if you if you missed that I'm gonna link that up But this is how you connect those braces to your pants. So I'm gonna do this for the first time on camera and see how it goes These are what you would need to get the suspenders sewed into your pants need a needle of course You need a thread now they say get a color thread that's similar to the interior of the pants Yeah, you can do that, but you can get any color thread in my opinion I mean, it's gonna be sewn on the inside so no one's you know, no one's gonna see it You need six suspended buns that I got here and let me just take one out so you guys can see how different these Bones are unlike your regular Bones that you would see on pants or shirts these ones are slightly different Like I'm breaking so close to see it's a little bit bigger a little bit more round So these would be These suspended buns to look for you looking to sew these into your pants So a little bit bigger than your regular Bones you need six of those so two's gonna go here two's in the back and two on the other side of the pants You're gonna need some sort of marker I'm using a red marker here other people have used chalk before and that's okay Chalk would wouldn't show well on this so but if you have like black pants or navy blue pants You can use chalk and of course you need your desired pants These are my custom pants that I had made earlier this year from Joseph Boot I'm a link that I think you guys missed it They have a really great program over at men's warehouse and that's where I got this made and you need a Take measure as well. All right, so on these pants There is a stitching right here that I'm gonna use as a guide so I'm gonna put the button right below that Stitching but if your pants doesn't have that that is about Me does about a half an inch from the top. Yeah about half an inch from the top So you can measure that on your pants. It happens from the top And what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna measure An inch and a half from The beginning of the waistband And I'm gonna mark it White area Now they say the the distance between the button should be about two to three inches So I'm gonna keep it out of safe bet and say two and a half so I'm gonna measure two and a half from that mark And that's where the two buttons are gonna go. So one person gonna go right there and Other one is gonna go I can get this thing open Just gonna go right there Okay So I'm gonna do that on the other side, but let me quickly show how I'm attached the two buttons on the back So still keeping with the two and a half distance So two and a half divided by two would be about inch and a quarter. So I measure an inch and a quarter from the seam The inch and a quarter that's an inch and a quarter So there's a left So we get this right Engine a quarter to the left And an inch and a quarter To the right And there you go So other two are gonna go there And then the last two And And then Two and a half All right, so now that we've got your mark, let's get to someone I Um You I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm done. I've got the six buttons there. I've got two on the back and two on the side. Now, when you have a larger malfunction, the whole purpose of the DIY is to patch it up for the duration of the event that you're going through. I definitely recommend that once you're done with that event, you take your garment, whether it's pants or shirt, to a tailor, and have them patch it up for you because they won't professionally train for that. This is just to hold it up for whatever event you're going to. I think I did an okay job. Now, it's the moon of truth to see if these things actually hold up. I'm aware these with some braces and see if I did all right or not. This is the beauty of doing these videos. I make mistakes along the way and I'm tempted to completely leave it out of the video, but I won't. I'm going to leave it in so you guys can learn from my mistakes. Based on those prior measurements, I, as you can see to your left, those braces are a little bit close to the zipper and it shouldn't be that way. Rather, what once you do is if your sewing buttons on flat front pants, the first button should line with the crease of those pants. If your sewing buttons on pleated pants, the first button should line with the first pleat or only pleat of those pants. As you can see, I adjusted it to looks better, looks evenly dispersed, but the 2-3 inch space between the first and second button still applies. All right, guys. I hope you enjoyed this video. You know, every man who's in demand to wear, should know basic tailoring. Like if a button pops up on your shirt, you should learn how to sew that button back. But I feel like suspended buttons are a little bit of an art and requires more techniques. So I'm either going to leave that to the tailors or I'm going to do that over and over again with different pants and get better at it. Because as I say, practice makes perfect. Thank you for watching this video. If there's any other DIY attempt videos you would want me to do to do, let me know down in the comments. Also, let me know what you thought about this video down in the comments. Go ahead, like, comment, and subscribe. And I will be back in the next video. But until then, stay fly and stay fit.