 Thanks for tuning in today. I'm going to show you how to make a dog bow tie a DIY dog bow tie. You're going to need to start with two pieces of fabric. Our home team here in Maine is the New England Patriots. So that's these are actually some scraps of fabric left over from another project that I was working on. So the first piece of fabric you're going to want to cut and I'm using a fleece material. Flandel felt works really well. You can use whatever material, whatever pattern that you want. What you need to remember is that this large piece is going to be double the size of the bow tie that you want. So think about the length and the width of the bow tie that you want and then double that for this size of this piece of fabric. So my fabric here is about 10 inches long by three inches wide and that's going to make my bow tie about five inches long by about an inch and a half wide. And then you want a piece that is the same length but it's only about a third of the width. So this is 10 inches long again but it's only one inch wide. I'm going to start with my larger piece and what you want to do. I have a ruler here and I'm going to find the center of my piece which would be five inches. So that would be right here. I'm going to fold each piece into the center because it is a no-so bow tie. I'm going to use hot glue. So I'm going to just put a little line of hot glue here. I'm running out of glue so I'm going to stick another stick in there and I'm going to fold this over and just press it together and let it dry. Then I'm going to flip it over and with the good side facing up I'm going to put a good size dot of hot glue right in the center and now I'm going to fold it in in the middle and just pinch it until it dries. My glue in the center is feeling pretty dry so I'm going to just turn it. I have a folded in half. I'm just going to turn it to the back side on this half. Put a little dot of glue here and then just fold this side back. Pinch it again, let that dry and then on the other side I'm going to do the same thing. It's a dot of glue here in the center and fold it back. I'm actually my fleece is pretty thick so these outside pieces aren't sticking so I'm just going to add a little more glue. If you see any area on yours that isn't that one's kind of sticking but not very well. So if you feel like it's not secure in any places add a little more glue. No problem and now you can see it kind of starting to take the shape of a bow tie. Now that your bow is or the bow part is done you can stick your fingers in open up each side to make it look a little bit nicer and you can check to make sure that all the pieces are properly stuck together and then we're going to use that other little piece of fabric that you had cut your one inch or mine is a one inch section and what I'm going to do here is just put a little line of glue down this side. And then I'm going to fold this edge over and if you haven't guessed I'm going to do the same thing on the other end or the other edge I should say not the other end. I'm a very messy hog gluer. I'm just going to stick these down anywhere that needs a little more glue. Then I just want to go ahead and do the same thing on the other edge. Now we have the strip both edges are folded into the middle and glued down and if you haven't guessed this is going to be the center to go around your bow. So on the back side of the bow you want to put a good sized dollop of hot glue. Stick that on there. Wrap it around and you want to wrap it tightly because you don't want any leftover bunching up. So we're going to wrap it tightly and then just glue it on the back side. You may be wondering why there is so much extra leftover here. That's going to be the part that wraps around and goes on your dog's collar. So now you can see you've got the cute little bow tie. And what you're going to want to do now is just stick some velcro on the backside here and some velcro on this end here and then you'll be able to velcro it right around your pet's collar. Our Labrador Sadie, her collager here. So you can see that I put my velcro on and now all I'm going to do is just loop the longer piece through the collar, wrap it around, velcro it and then just adjust it. And there's Sadie's homemade bow tie. If you guys have any questions about how to make your dog a bow tie, you can feel free to email me, Samantha at topdogtips.com. Thanks for watching this How To Thigh.