 Hey guys, what's up at some Strikin'06 of I'm Strikin'06.com and today's quick tip of the day is how to protect the longevity of your cloth seats. I've been using this product on my boots for a very long time. It's made by Kiwi. There's a major brand out there and it's a performance fabric protector. I think they call it Camp Dry. Well it maintains the appearance and breathability of all fabrics including performance materials like Gore-Tex. When you buy things that are considered Gore-Tex, most of the time they spray it with stuff like this. Restore durable water repalency on a peril to prevent wetting out. Ski pants, boots, jackets, coats, fleeces, hats, gloves, ski pants, I think I mentioned them before. And light colored boots quickly dries leaving no odor. Well, truth be told, it actually stinks for about two days. So if you got a weekend where it's warm out, simply spray your seats. These have already been sprayed I think three times. They did not change color at all. It does give it some water repellency. You know obviously this is a high wear item so you're going to have to unfortunately spray this a couple times a year or if you know there's a rainy season coming around like it's a spring time and there's a lot of rain in your area. Spray on a couple times because you know sliding it in out you're going to be wearing out this protective coating. But yeah, I also did it during winter time. As soon as the snow would fall it would beat up and it wouldn't perme through the fabric was really awesome actually. You can do your carpets with this down there if you live in a muddy area for example you got a muddy dirt driveway. But it's a very cool product. Like I said, you're going to have to unfortunately apply this a couple times but I have found that it removes food stains. Unbelieveable. I unfortunately sometimes keep my car and sometimes we have mistakes and we drop you know some food product on our seats. I just simply took a little napkin wipe it off and it didn't stain it which was awesome. So you can spray all the seats with this stuff. It will not change color. I will link this below and it actually works. Take care guys.