 Hello folks, Scott with Dallas Paint Correction in auto detailing here in Dallas, Texas. I want to talk about something I'm going to make a claim on YouTube and it may be, I think it's a pretty bold claim. Rubber floor mats, when we're cleaning rubber floor mats, this is a pretty simple process. I'm not going to bore you with how to clean it. I think most of you know how to do it. My weapon of choice is super clean. I've also got Maguire Super Degreaser next to it. These two products right here, I've been using Maguire Super Degreaser for a very, very long time. I absolutely love it. Still love it. In certain scenarios, it's still in my arsenal. I love it and I've been using it for years. Super clean seems to be the degreaser and if I dilute it, right. I can also use it as an old purpose cleaner with inside the car. Super clean and Maguire's Super Degreaser does phenomenal job with breaking down grease and grime that can be stuck on a rubber floor mat. I also have, and I'll show you to you in a second, I also have a magic eraser on top of the super clean bottle and I'll tell you why when it comes to rubber floor mats. But folks, I have been cleaning rubber floor mats for way too long to the point that I wish they were magic carpets and they could fly me away. Every once in a while, this is a very rare scenario, but after cleaning rubber floor mats for over 26 years, I don't care if you're using super, super degreaser, by Maguire's or super clean. You will come across a floor mat that will have some soiling in it. You'll use your super degreaser or you'll use your super clean and you'll get 95% of the mat to look absolutely wonderful and beautiful, but you'll notice that there's some areas on the mat where the rubber just doesn't want to give up the soiling that's in it. It is a very rare scenario, but folks, I've been doing this for a long time. Trust me, it will happen. You will not get it all all the time, even with some of these gray cleaners. I want to turn you on to a cleaner that I use exclusively on rubber floor mats. It is folks, it is exceptional. I have been using it for years. It's gotten to the point where it begs me to ask the question, when I clean a rubber floor mat, no matter if it's dirty, really, really hammered, maybe I won't use super clean, maybe I won't use Maguire's super degreaser. I'll just use this particular cleaner, I'm going to turn you on to for just rubber floor mats exclusively. But guess what? That stuff right there, you can dilute it. It's going to get you 99, 98% of the way where you need to go. But occasionally you're going to come across a rubber floor mat, and if you're a professional detailer, you will know exactly what I'm talking about. You'll get a rubber floor mat that will drive you nuts. You just can't seem to get certain spots out and you're going why. It seems like it should just come right off this rubber floor mat. Well, there's a cleaner I've been using. I actually did a review on it using it on a synthetic rubber tire on a car. Folks, here you go. This stuff right here, it is black magic. Is that bleach white, bleach A white? I don't know. It's a tire cleaner. Folks, I've been cleaning rubber floor mats for a very long time as I've already said that several times in this video. I do not know why. I do not work for black magic. I think it works really, really well on tires that have white lettering or sidewalls. It cuts through grease and grime really well. But on rubber floor mats, folks, I am willing to say to you that this is one of the best if not the best cleaner for rubber floor mats. I don't know why it works that way in my world, but I have seen super clean every once in a while, not be able to completely remove the soiling from the mat. I've seen McGuire super degreaser diluted 4 to 1, 3 to 1, 2 to 1, give me a hard time and not get stuff off the mat. This particular mat here is just moderately soiled. I wish I had one of those paint in the butt rubber floor mats that just wouldn't come clean, but again it's rare. I just wanted to show you how I use this product and why I love it and it's so silly. This stuff is like $3 for 32 ounces. You can find it for $2.50. It's not expensive. If some of you guys just want to test my theory out, this is a very cheap proposition. Throw it in your truck, throw it in your garage, and when you come across that rubber floor mat that you just can't get clean with even some of these great cleaners, try this stuff. I promise you, folks, I have no reason to lie to you. This is a tire cleaner and I started using rubber floor mats and it blows my mind. So let me go in here and just lightly spray this on this mat and agitate it. It will just clean phenomenally. I don't know why. It's a tire cleaner. Obviously they want you to use it on rubber tires. But this stuff, whatever's in it, not all cleaners are the same. Not all surfactants within a cleaner are the same. Whatever's in this stuff just has the ability to cut through, especially on rubber floor mats. I don't know why. It's absolutely amazing. As I use this stuff, there was some pretty, God, it's so cool. I love it. There was some black lines, grease lines that were very aggressive. I don't know why, guys. This stuff on rubber floor mats will just change your world. I'm sharing this tip with you because I love you all. I have no reason to lie to you. It's such a cheap product. Just try it. See you'll thank me. I don't know. I'll go ahead and rinse that off. I'm going to rinse that off. I'm going to rinse that off. I'm going to rinse that off. I'm going to rinse that off. Folks, that rubber floor mat I know it wasn't heavily soiled. That rubber floor mat is absolutely gorgeous. For whatever reason, folks, I don't know. Look into it. This stuff, in my opinion, black magic. I did a tire review with it. Somebody said it's not the same. Black magic bought the company. It's not the same. On rubber floor mats, folks, it is the best cleaner I have ever used in 26 years to remove some of those really, really stubborn floor mats. You'll come across it where super clean and McGuire's super degreaser will fail you a little bit. Here's another tip if we're dealing with because in the past, when I was using McGuire's super degreaser, I'd get 98% of the mat clean and I couldn't get some nasty soiling off the rubber floor mat. I used to use a magic eraser. This is helpful. This is abrasive. I would spray my cleaner and just go over that area that was giving me a hard time. This will help pick up that crap that's on that floor mat. But folks, I am telling you I have no reason to lie to you. It's three hours. It's not work for the company. It is absolutely amazing on rubber floor mats. Whatever's in it, whatever's surfactants are a little bit different than super clean. McGuire's super degreaser, when it comes to rubber floor mats, it will take and break down and pull off some of the nastiest stuff where these other two chemicals will fail. Rubber floor mats can drive you nuts. I've been doing it a long time. I just wanted to share a very, very cool tip with you. I used this and been using it for years on rubber floor mats. It's gotten to the point. I almost feel like I will just use this exclusively for every floor mat that I come across if it's made out of rubber. I love you guys. I appreciate it. I just wanted to share that with you. Check it out. You have nothing to lose. I don't work for the company. I don't make any money off it. I just want to help you. Thank you guys. Till next time, love one another.