 Welcome to Inskitchen. The weather is starting to get cold. It's really time for soup. That's why today I'm going to show you how to make egg drop soup. In fact, it's tomato egg drop soup. It's my home-tunced version. We're going to add a little bit of tomato to add a little tangy and also the color to our soup. It's just delicious and beautiful. Very appetizing. First, I'm going to tell you what I'm going to use today. I'm going to use one kind of chicken broth and also a little bit of black pepper, tomatoes, cornstarch. We're going to use this mix with cold water to thicken our soup. And also one egg, large egg, and also some green onions and sesame oil to add a little bit of flavor to your soup. It's just delicious. So first, let's add our broth to the pot. So we're going to use any kind of cooked oil with a lid. So we just add a soup, add broth to the pot. Then we're going to bring to a boil. And then, before we do that, we're going to add some pepper, black pepper, and tomatoes. Then we're going to put a lid on the pot, then heat it. So now, we're waiting for the soup to boil. I'm going to show you to get the rest of the ingredients ready. One of them is cornstarch. Like I said earlier, cornstarch we're going to use to thicken the soup. You know, in some restaurants, they make the soup so thick. It's like gravy. I don't know about you. I don't want that kind of soup. That's not how I eat my soup. I'm just going to add a little bit of cornstarch, just a thicken a little bit, and still taste delicious. And then we're going to add one large egg. So I'm just going to add a coat of water to the cornstarch, or you can add cornstarch to the coat of water. It doesn't really matter. We just want to dilute it. So when we add cornstarch to the soup, it won't become big lump. So I'm just going to add a... I like to use the major cup, just because it's easy to pour. So there's a stir very well mixed. So before you use it, you want to stir again. So the starch is not set on the bottom of the major cup. So the next thing is we're going to beat it. This egg. Then we're going to beat it. You don't have to use cup fix. You can use anything you comfortable with. For, or beater, whatever. So I... you know, Chinese people use chopsticks for everything. That's why I'm using chopsticks. So it's easy, and also I don't have to wash another thing. And so we're just waiting until the broth boils, and then we're going to add our starch. And then we'll cook again to bring the broth to a boil again. Then we'll add eggs, beat it eggs. After that, we just need to add some green onions and sesame oil. Wala, delicious soup. It's very simple. I'm sure you can do it. Now our broth is boiling. So it's time to add our starch. Like I said, we want to stir the starch again before we drop to the soup. And you use either a spoon or fork or something to stir the broth. So the starch getting to the pot won't become big lump. So now we're going to add our lid back on again to bring it back to a boil. So now you see it's boiled again, and then we're going to add our egg, beat it egg. So I normally use a chopstick and just to stir the broth again, while we'll drop the egg. See this beautiful? I mean, egg. People say in a lot of times they feel like the eggs become big lump, or hard lump, because you cooked too long. That's why. So now it's boiling again, which is turn off the heat. And then we're going to add green onions. Look at this beautiful color. And then we're going to add some sesame oil. You don't have to add a lot, just a little bit. It adds a really nice, delicious flavor. So now we're going to let it all the soup into a big bowl. Just cold weather. If you have a cold, this is an excellent soup to have. Make you feel better, warm your heart. So this is just delicious. And smells so good. It says my oil. It has such a beautiful, delicious flavor. Let me take a have a taste. Mmm. Trust me. It's so delicious. And I can guarantee you you'll say this is even better than the rest of the time.