 Hello everybody and welcome to the BBQ shop here at A's Garden World. As always we're joined by Top BBQ Chef Mr Richard Holden. Hi folks and in this video quite simple thing, two versions of a chicken breast fillet. Yep we're going to butterfly one and show you how to do that and then we're going to make a pocket in the other one and show you the best way to do that. Right so we've got two chicken breast fillets and we're showing this because we've got two recipes on the YouTube channel that need this little technique. So one of them is the pocket and that's going to be the recipe that uses that is the sundaille tomato with the spinach and the mozzarella. Okay and the other one is a chicken teacup burger which is the butterfly. So we'll start off with the butterfly. Now I've got a chicken breast fillet here and sometimes they come with the inner fillet on the back. I've just taken that off. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to take nice sharp knife and I'm going to just lay my hand nice and flat on the top of that chicken breast and I'm just going to run the knife one nice slice down and then we can open that out just like so. That just means that that chicken breast is now a nice even thickness. So when we put that in a burger it's nice and even and we don't have a big piece at the back of the burger and it will also cook nice and evenly as well. So that's the butterfly chicken and then this one is the pocket. Now the easiest way that I've found to do this is just grab a knife and go in from the thicker end just we'll do it that way. Just pop that knife down to roughly around about the it's kind of down here at this moment down at the tip. Then we're going to take that out and we're going to use the steel and the most people have got these in their knife blocks at home but we occasionally might give the knife a tickle on it but we don't really do anything else with it. So we're just going to take that into the pocket and just work that a little bit just kind of coming around this side and then all I'm doing on the inside is just easing it open on this side and then easing it open on that side as well. So pop that back in and we'll just do the same on this side and then what this means is when we come to do that sundry tomato with the mozzarella pocket later on that filling will go nicely into that into the chicken breast and different to doing a butterfly and then trying to close it back over and secure it with cocktail sticks because that mozzarella is just going to run everywhere. If you do the pocket it's nice and contained in the majority of that chicken breast fillet and only the end that you can only get a little bit of filling coming out at the very very end of that chicken breast. So that one there is your pocket and that one there is your butterfly chicken breast. So there you have it that's how you butterfly a chicken fillet and make a pocket in the chicken fillet. So little slough rust to is say goodbye but we're now going to go over and we're going to make some recipes using what we're just demonstrating. Absolutely. So we'll see you in those videos.