 Hey guys, what's up? It is Michael from Lean Body Life Silent today. I have an Apple Cinnamon oatmeal recipe and this one has no protein powder. I've been getting a lot of recipe requests without using protein powder. This is good to make in the morning and it's very quick. So let's go over the ingredients real quick. Obviously you're going to need oatmeal of any kind of this is just quake your oats and normal oats. I have an apple already chopped up here and this is one apple and you're obviously going to need cinnamon and optional is stevia. So the first thing you're going to need to do is take a cup of oats. Alright, so we've got our oats here and now you're going to add a cup and a half of water into the oats. And also you could cook this on the stove but to save time in the morning the microwave is definitely a lot quicker and you're going to stick this in the microwave for about a minute and 30 seconds and then you're going to take it out. So I'm going to go put this in the microwave a minute and 30 seconds and then I'll take it out and then we'll add the apples and the cinnamon and then we'll put it back in the microwave. Alright, so the minute and 30 seconds is up and we're going to go ahead and add the apples in here and kind of stir them in there. And also you're going to add about a tablespoon of cinnamon. Go ahead and stir that up and this smells really good. I'm not going to lie. And back into the microwave for about a minute and the reason that I like to put the apples in before it's done is because when you microwave the apples are going to get a little softer and it won't be like you're eating oatmeal with something really crunchy in it. That's just preference. You could add the apples after the oatmeal's done cooking but again this is just preference and you can just pick whatever you want. So one minute in the microwave for this. Alright, the one minute is up and one more thing if you guys wanted to do this is optional of course you could add one packet of stevia to make it a little sweeter because I know a lot of people hate the bland taste of oatmeal but this hopefully will kind of help that and actually it's a really good breakfast. So if you guys want to try that out definitely let me know what you guys think and if you want to follow me on Facebook and Twitter the links will be down below. That's the place to ask me questions, send me messages and just keep in touch with me. So thank you guys for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video and I will talk to you guys later.