 Hello, that can turn out a episode of Cooking with Oma. Once again I wanted to thank all of you for your beautiful comments and I wanted to tell you too that I would love to respond to each and every one of you but I can't do that so I'm just telling you that I'm so happy that you like my cooking and that you like my show and I hope you will continue doing so. Today I'm making a Hungarian soup and it calls goulash levych. I mean in English it's goulash soup. It's a very hearty soup delicious. The ingredients are potatoes and this is about three fairly large size potatoes and they are the yellow fleshed ones but you can use other potatoes. Then I have one pound of beef and it's a very good cut beef like raw steak or sirloin steak or whatever. Cutting two bite sizes. Then I have a very large onion, dice that's finally as you can. I have a medium carrot, sliced in just runs. Then I have a little more than I have a cup of red pepper but you can use green pepper. It's just good. Then I have some all purpose flour here. This is about four tablespoons and one egg. Then I have oil. This is for the onions. It's about 1-3 cup a little more. It used to use lard at home, not oil or anything but we don't use lard here. Then the paprika, one tablespoon, Hungarian sweet paprika and then one clove of garlic which I'm going to mince after and spices today are only black pepper and salt. And this amount will be enough for about three people, good servings. If you want to make more just double the ingredients or make less, just take a little less but the same ingredients. Now let's get started and the first thing I'm going to do, I'm going to saute the onions. The onions are done. It took about five minutes on medium heat and now I'm going to take the part after heat and put their meat in. And put in the part back on the heat. Covering up the part and the onion and the meat will have to cook for about ten minutes but I will check it once in a while. Make sure the meat doesn't stick to the bottom. The meat and the onions have been cooking for about ten minutes on medium heat. Now I'm putting the paprika and the garlic in there that I minced. Stir it up. The paprika is nicely coated nicely coats the meat and then it's looking good. I think then I'm putting three cups of warm water, hot water, cold water, toughens the meat. So one more cup is to me there. That's it. Stir it up nicely. The heat is until it starts to boil, I'm going to put it medium high. Cover it up and after about ten minutes when it starts to boil I'm going to lower the heat to about medium. The meat has been simmering for about 45 minutes. Now I'm ready to put the potatoes in. I'm just taking them out of the water and going to stir it up a bit see how it. I'm putting the peppers in and the carrots. Stir it up and I see I need some more water. This is a cup. I'm putting salt in just guessing. You can always taste it after some pepper. Now I'm going to put the heat up again. I'm going to put the heat up again. The about medium high cover the pot and wait till it starts to boil again. Once it boils turn it down again and simmer it for approximately 25 to 30 minutes. Then the soup will be done. If you notice I didn't use all the potatoes I got a little carried away. I thought I'm going to have more soup. So just this is enough. After this the soup is almost done I'm going to make my little chipad ke. That's a Hungarian little pasta that we use especially for a goulash soup. Now I'm going to make my little pasta for the soup. I'm going to take one egg, put it in a bowl. I just beat it up a little bit with my cute little coquefe. Wooden spoon, banh new. So now I'm taking the flour. This is four tablespoons of flour. I'm just going to slowly put in and try to go slowly so that I know how much this egg will take on. So far just... Now the egg is in there and the flour is just about the right amount so which is about three tablespoons. Then I have to put a little salt in just a little salt and make a smooth dough as you possibly can. Here we are. I used an egg and put three tablespoons of the flour and a pinch of salt. And this is the dough, this is the end result. How it's supposed to be the consistency. Now when the soup is just about done, maybe three or four minutes before I think the soup is done, I will use these little pastas. I have my tiny little spoon here and this is how it's going to go in the soup. Now I'm making my little Hungarian chipad ke. We cardamom chipad ke and this is just a little faster that will complete the Hungarian goulash. And the soup has to boil. It has to be hard so that it falls after my tiny little spoon here. I'm taking tiny little pieces of the dough and dropping it into the soup. Yes. Now I can do it a little faster if I want to. I'm done. Stir it up. Cover it up. Cover it up and it's going to be simmering for about three minutes. That's all. Then the soup is all done. Then comes the best part, like usually. It comes the tasting part and supper time. It's rolling. It's rolling. So we can say something. Okay. The soup is done. Now we are going to ladle it into a mold. We have to have some meat. That's enough for me. How about you, sir? Have I ever had this? No. First time for me. Yeah, first time for you. How long have you been making this? Well, I know how to make it for years and years but I haven't been making it for years and years and years and I'm really looking forward to having this. Is there anything special about this bread? Yes, we are eating it with this is a rye bread. At home it was a different rye bread but still rye bread. And this is what goes with goulash soup. Rye bread. All right. Okay. Let's try it. Does it look good? It looks fantastic. Okay. Let me see. Mmm. Yummy. What do you think? I'm supposed to say that. Okay. Sorry. It's yummy. I wish you could be here with us and eat with us but I hope you will make it and enjoy it. Thank you for what? For, uh, okay. What are my spurs? I'm sorry. Mom, you're only set at 18 times. I know. I know. Thank you for watching cooking. Thank you for cooking. Thank you for watching cooking with Tomah. Until the next time. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. All right. Let's see some more. Mmm. Boy, I'm going to make this again. Good job, mom. Mmm. Thank you, son. Mmm. Mmm.