 Hey guys, it's Stephanie. Welcome to my channel if you've been here before or welcome back. I said that wrongly thing. Welcome So today I am finally going to be getting to the answers that you guys gave me to my plant questions that I asked a couple videos back So you haven't seen that video make sure you go watch that so you have an idea of what I'm talking about But a lot of you kind of referenced the same Problems and give me very similar answers So I wanted to kind of go over a lot of those today because I think they're very helpful tips And they're things that I'm going to be implementing if I have not already in my plant questions video I kind of went over some issues that I am having with a lot of my house plants these ones are not really looking their best They're not You know the ones I'm most proud of so I asked you guys what you thought that I should do Or if you had any tips on taking care of the problems that I was having so that's what I'm going to be going over today is your answers So hopefully they're right just kidding. I think you guys are pretty spot on with a lot of these things. I have already stopped Watering my pilius so much and you can see that the lower leaves are green and nice and they're still there So those are all it's good progress on that one a lot of you suggested That it was being over watered and so I just cut back on the watering I did have one or two comments letting me know that This kind of piliia likes to grow a stiffer like woody stronger stem So a lot of times it will drop the lower leaves on its base in order to grow a Stronger thicker stem so that could have been what was happening with mine and also probably over watering because it's me So and before I get into the rest of the plant issues I wanted to go over some other issues. I am officially not officially I actually haven't been keeping track so I don't 100% no but I am somewhere between two and three weeks without Having to take a sleeping pill and oh my gosh I cannot even begin to tell you how amazing it is to I don't even want to get into it Maybe at some point I will make a whole other video if you are interested in hearing about my struggle with sleep and my very Horrible on a insomnia that I have been fighting through for the past seven years You can go watch my other videos. I have talked about it kind of in the past I haven't really gone into extreme detail But I just want to say that it is amazing and one of the things that I definitely Give credit to is the use of CBD at night It is definitely helping me with anxiety that is something that I struggle with I've struggled with anxiety my whole life Taking CBD at night has helped me tremendously. I take CBD with melatonin from Menterra you can find it on medterra CBD dot com I believe is the website if you use the code simple care stuff you will get a discount I've said this before I have been using their products for months You will get a discount if you use my code blah blah So at some point I'll talk more about that But this is such a digression from the plants and we need to talk about plants today So let's get into the other issues that you guys have brought up So I have already talked about my pilia and the problem with that another problem that you guys have addressed a lot is My alopecia that maybe looks so worse than you saw last time And I still continue to look even worse I am not over watering this thing But what a lot of you guys have suggested is that it is possibly entering dormancy So allocations Calaphe is which is this beautiful guy right here and that also oxalus have bulbs So they grow a little bit differently than like let's say my beautiful rubber tree right here So a lot of these plants go through a dormant period or you need to kind of cut them back down to the roots and They will regrow when they are out of their dormancy just as long as you take care of the root this leaf here Seems to be green still and okay. This one I think is still okay. This one's dying off So this plant is about to look real pathetic I may just cut it all back completely because maybe that will just help it grow bigger and better next time Bummer because I really like that plant and now it just looks like all my other dumb dead plants a lot of you guys have also Suggested misting my plants more and using a humidifier. Honestly, I kind of got lazy with the misting once winter started Which is probably even worse because we have the heat on and the air is even more dry in the winter Genius, but I just got busy with life and lazy and I stopped doing my morning routine of like going around and watering and checking all my plants And I'm suffering the consequences of my poor actions right now. So Starting to miss my plants a little bit more a lot of you were saying that the new leaves that are coming in do seem to be healthier and doing okay So I agree with you. I'm hopeful that this plant will be fine someday It just needs to grow some new leaves. Oh Growing a new thingy. Oh my god. I'll do a close-up. I just saw I didn't even notice I'm so excited now. Okay So that's when the Sony doesn't put a notification out there at that your memory card is full awesome So I don't know what I just recorded like 10 minutes of me talking that didn't record so No idea what I was talking about let me go through the comments again So I should definitely be missing my plants more especially the high-mushroom plants So I am going to be doing better with that and In a couple of you also mentioned fertilizer So I am going to give these a little bit of food It's been quite a few months since I fertilized them. So the soil may be lacking in a little bit of nutrition I wouldn't doubt it so as for the browning issues a lot of you guys Commented that that probably has to do with water and I agree with that being probably the likely case I do live in an area with like high mineral content in our water So it was suggest that I either use filtered water or bottle water or then I let my tap water sit out for 24 hours before Using it on the plants. So those are things that I have started to do and hopefully I will see these browning issues No, mo. Yes now as for this beautiful guy right here my little rubber tree That's got the browning issues also it was suggested that this is probably in too big of a pot and This is a little bit deceiving. This is actually the size of the pot. This is in but probably still too big For a growing malnourished Shirt and plant so I'm going to move this into a smaller point point point. Okay. I'm going to move this into a smaller pot at some point When I have time over the next few days Hopefully maybe today I don't know. We'll see but yeah, it seems to be pretty simple just a matter of Keeping my plants more moist and cutting them back if they're intering dormancy giving them filtered water fertilizing and Don't over water which is I did have one comment that was suggesting that they use a keel extract for fertilizer Which is interesting so I'm gonna be looking into maybe some more Natural soil additive things that I can do to kind of help these guys most of them are doing okay But you know some of us got some struggles. I did also want to say thank you guys again so much for your comments and Taking the time to leave suggestions and feedback because it's not just me the benefits I see a lot of you are kind of commenting on each other's things and like each other's posts So I know that you guys are all like we're all benefiting from needing help On that note I think that is all I have to talk about today I don't know because this meant 10 minutes talking about all the things I wanted to talk about today And I got it out if you would like to follow me on Instagram you can find me there at simple care Steph I post a lot of food and like my groceries and easy things that I make and Stuff on stories although I have to say you know sometimes I just don't want to be near my phone I feel like that for like a week and a half I just haven't wanted to have my phone out. I haven't wanted to do stories. I haven't wanted to I just But I'm usually pretty good at that so check that out Please remember to like this video if you liked it and subscribe for more weird videos like this Talk about plants and some other things you want to see anything else feel free to leave it in the comments and Suggestions or whatever I'm trying to say leave your comments down below So I guess that's all I have for today can't think of anything else you can check out my website simplecareproducts.com For plant-based or food-based skin care products or my blog that's got lots of interesting Information typed by me You want to see anything in particular in the future? Please again, let me know in the comments below I like chatting with you guys and I do read all of the comments and I appreciate them and Yeah, so if you guys have a wonderful rest of your day and I will see you next time