 Hello, ladies and gentlemen, this is your chef from Kuru's cooking Noreen. Who is it? Cream of broccoli soup. For the ingredients and the description, please look at the description below. We'll grab a broccoli. This is 500 grams of broccoli. Extract and separate the stem but don't throw away the stem. And we'll use it later on. Friends, I'll be using only half of broccoli here. So this is 250 grams of broccoli that we'll be using to prepare our cream of broccoli soup. Extract the florets and keep them aside. We'll be blanching them later on. Broccoli is a very nutritious vegetable and if you cook it well, it also tastes amazing. Friends, this floret is like a mushroom at the top in green and there are long stem at the bottom. We need both of them. They are really important. They both are yummy leashes and delish. And the stem is very hard on the outer surface. We cannot consume that. But in the inner core, it is soft and tender. So come, let's extract the exterior part. Throw it away and just keep the inner core for our cream of broccoli soup. So make sure these pieces are cut into bite-sized pieces because when you sauté them, they should come in contact with the pan as much as possible with their surface areas spreading across the whole pan. This way they will taste really good. It's time for us to blanch them. But before that, friends, if you haven't subscribed to my channel, please do subscribe and also hit the bell icon to receive latest videos. Thank you. For blanching, I've taken a big pot in this avarice half a litre of water. Where the water is hot and ink, this will be adding an aquarity spoon of salt and one teaspoon of sugar. It's time for us to give it a good risk and mix it up thoroughly. Since the water is hot, the sugar and salt will melt in no time, my friends. You will not put off the flame and then add the broccoli pieces into this and leave it for 30 seconds. This process is called blanching. Blanching, what we are doing here by blanching is removing any insects that are available, if in case, and also dust content will be removed. The broccoli will also shine and glow like a green garden and that is what looks so good as well. And the sugar and salt will enter into the broccoli which you've added to offer a little salty and sweet taste. Since it's been 30 seconds, friends, we'll extract the broccoli and keep it aside. The water is of no use to us. You can discard and throw away the water. Just keep the broccoli. We'll be using it later on. It's time for us to grab a pan, a wide pan and do not add any oil in this until the water boils up nicely. There were a few droplets of water, some of you I see. In the water itself you add oil. Don't do that. Let the water evaporate. Then you add oil. Avarid olive oil. And to this one tablespoon of olive oil, I've added quarter teaspoon of cumin seeds. Once the oil is hot enough, we'll also add garlic which is 2 garlic cloves chopped well and 1 onion that has been finely chopped. We'll saute this friends but we don't need to turn the onions golden brown. We'll cook them only until they are translucent that is when they are half cooked. For your kind information, we are now cooking add 5 friends. And now we'll add the broccoli. We'll saute the broccoli for around 5 to 7 minutes. Add a low to medium flame. Let the broccoli cook amazingly when you saute it, absorb all the juices of the olive oil along with the garlic and onions infused with a little cumin seeds. And this is how it will develop into a great, great cream of broccoli, soap in the end. Friends after 7 minutes, since the broccoli is hot, let it cool down slightly because we'll be blending this and creating a pure array out of this. So once it cools down, we'll add this to a blender now along with a little milk and create a puree of this broccoli. So add a little milk around 2 tablespoons and come, let's mix it. So once you have blended, it should look smooth and silky. But this doesn't look like that, it is slightly rough. So I'll have to add a little more milk. I'm going to add 2 tablespoons milk more and then try to blend this until I get that amazing texture of smooth broccoli. So come, let's blend it once again. Now I'll write this looks good friends, we'll keep it aside, we'll be using it later on. In the same pan, keeping the flame to low, add around 15 grams, 15 grams of butter. You can use salted or unsalted butter, I have you salted butter. The butter will now caramelize with the little garlic and onion in the pan and when it melts completely. So this will be adding in half a tablespoon of mehda or all purpose flour and saute this for around 1 minute. So let the raw mehda infuse into the hot warm butter and become delicious. This will be improvising your soup to become thick later on. To this now we'll be adding in the broccoli paste that we're prepared along with milk, garlic, onions and cumin seeds infused in olive oil. Remember, oh yes it's awesome. So friends we will cook this again but not for a long time, just 3-4 minutes, saute it nicely, let the butter infuse well into this and let the aromas come through. Once that is done, you'll be adding in the other ingredients into this recipe. I'm pouring in milk, friends this is cold milk, yes it has been extracted from the fridge, it's cold. When you mix cold milk into butter and mehda or all purpose flour, it's called Roo. The cream that is prepared is called Roo and this Roo will not have lumps if the milk is cold. Yes that's the secret. So don't use warm milk, use cold milk, oh yes that's surprising. Now stir it nicely, there shouldn't be any lumps, I assure you there will be none if you follow all the procedures that I've told you. It's thick, friends will add a little water around 1 cup or 1.5 cup and if it is required we'll add more because the soup should be thick but not very thick, that is very very important. You should know the consistency, consistency for the soup that you'll be serving to your friends and family members, it's important. And you should also know that it takes a little amount of time to cook so keep adding water until you get the right amount of consistency and I'm cooking at a low flame right now, I'll let it boil for around maybe 5 to 7 minutes, that'll be sufficient. But don't forget to season it, so for seasoning friends will be adding in around a quarter teaspoon of salt, not much because you know people can add salt later on to their own taste and this is soup, not a curry isn't it. And sprinkle it with some fresh black pepper or white pepper powder. So it already looks amazing, we'll also sprinkle it little Jeyful powder or Jeyful is also called nutmeg powder in English, that gives you a nice tinge of taste in aroma, makes it, makes it, makes it final cooking for 2 minutes at a low flame and then your soup is ready to be served hot with some bread crumbs or crisp broccoli slices. So at the edges friends there'll be a little cream that is gathered, why do you think it's called cream of broccoli soup. So just get rid of the edges, that's important. And to make it a little more creamier though it's not required, you can optionally add a little fresh amul cream or any cream that you have or malai or sour cream, any kind of cream which is not sweet, works, it should be neither sweet, not salty, just add that, mix it up and that was a final touch. One more minute and friends you can now serve the soup, it'll only taste good with this cream in the soup. Friends your suggestions are most welcome, please post them down in the comment section below on how you like this soup and other recipes that you have been introduced to. Ladies and gentlemen, cream of broccoli, healthy nutritious soup for your family members and for you, enjoy it with your friends and here's Iliana offering you a gift watch of what will be 10,000. So if you haven't subscribed now do subscribe because only one lucky subscriber every month gets to win an Amazon gift watch for peace 10,000. And also friends I have started a new channel called Upkira Soy that is in Hindi so if you understand Hindi do visit Upkira Soy on YouTube. These are some recipes for you, thank you so much for watching with much love your chef take care.