 Hello, I'm Scott with American Sale, and one of the things you want to consider before buying a hot tub is where you're going to put it. You want to make sure you have the right room and right space for it, but also what you're going to put your hot tub on. Now we recommend three different mediums for your hot tub. The first thing in the most recommended way thing to put your hot tub on our base would be a concrete slab. It's important that it's level and you have at least four inches thick with a six inch base underneath there. So when measuring out your concrete slab, make sure that you take into consideration any accessories that you might be putting on that slab. Like I said, a steps or a bar or stools or maybe even have a large enough to support grill or a bunch of people. This is a great thing to add to your patio set as well. The other thing you might want to consider is paver spricks. Paver spricks are very, very easy to use, but make sure you have a solid six inch base into them as well. Make sure they're level and they're solid of course, about 18 inches is what's recommended. You can also use patio stones as well. Another recommendation that you can use if you don't like the first two options would be a wooden deck. Now, wooden deck is a little bit trickier. You need to make sure you have a contractor or someone qualified to make sure that deck can support 100 pounds per square foot. That's very, very important. If you cannot undercut that, that would cause a lot of problems in the future for you. As you decide you don't want to go any of those routes, another option you can do is a spa pad. This is the most affordable option, but probably not the fanciest that you can go with, but we do offer it at any of our American sales stores. It's called a smart deck by Leisure Concepts. It's kind of a very customizable interlocking plastic pads that connect interlock with each other, and you can make them for any size tub that you want to put the hot tub on. And that's it, pretty simple, very straightforward way to do it, but it's important that make sure once again, your hot tub is on a flat, level, solid surface. You don't want to be messing around with that because that can avoid your warranty and cause problems in the future. If you have any more questions, please visit us at www.AmericanSale.com. Speak to our customer service representatives. We'll be happy to help you step by step. Thank you very much for choosing American Sale.