 It's a scene from every soldier in sorcery movie ever made and you know it well. We have a hero. He's an adventurer traveling through the woods and he stumbles upon something. He stumbles upon a beautiful little grotto with a waterfall and green and blue water. It's a secret little place but it also has a group of warrior woman. Adventure is too contemplating whether or not they should take a swim. Hi it's welcomestrawlacastel.com and that was a little introduction to my new series of tutorials here. And these are a fast series. There's only going to be I believe three and they're almost all already done already. You won't have to wait long to see these. But what they are is how to make water for diorama. And I've done a bunch of different techniques here and this is part one and in this part I will show you how to make a waterfall for diorama. And you can see the waterfall there looks really nice. It's still a little wet so it's still drying. But that's a neat little technique. It looks really nice and I really like it. And you've got the pool there and out here is where the ocean would come in. So I've got some waves cresting there and I have a river here too up top. River, I'm a waterfall, upon with waves and maybe some ripples and then more of an ocean kind of a thing with larger waves there. These are actually hard and hardened. So now let me launch it to this first part. Right show you how to make the waterfall. And it's not that hard. You need just a few materials. To do a waterfall comes out really nice. You're going to use a product called DAP crystal clear sealant. It's crystal clear that's really important and DAP makes a good one. And some wax paper, a caulking done for the sealant. I've taped down a piece of wax paper to a board. Just tape it down so you can work with it easier. And then all you have to do from there is run 10 strips of your crystal clear caulking. Side by side like this. And just make sure you do it so it's extra long longer than what you need for the waterfall you're going to be building. Like mine is four inches so I can have to make these long and four inches and you can just cut it trim it later. And I recommend you do more than one one waterfall. So you have one to experiment with and make mistakes on and I will lay out another one. But then you take this off a toothpick or some kind of a little stick and then work that a little bit. Make the striations in it so it has that nice vertical water running water kind of thing. And blend the strips together so they bind well. Okay now this is the spot where our waterfall is going to go. Falling off the river here down into the lagoon. So and we're going to be putting the crystal clear, the crystal clear caulk in that we laid out. But do you want to add a little bit of strength to that because it's very loose and flexible, very rubbery. So what you can do is you can use some kind of plastic or if you can see here I've cut a strip out of this two-leather bottle of soda. And then you can put it under a little heat of a hairdryer to bend it into the shape you want. Be careful, we will get high. And I've already pretty much pre-bent this one. We can manipulate that and bend it to the shape you want and then trim it. So I'm going to continue to bend this a little bit more right about like that to form the waterfall. Okay once your caulk is completely dry, the crystal clear caulk, you can peel it off of the wax paper carefully and it will be a little tricky. And then you glue it to your plastic form that you made. And make sure it stays plenty big because we're going to be trimming it down to size. So now glue you can use hot glue gun or you can use a glue called because this is a cork, it can be difficult to glue it. A glue called a cyano or acrylic. So see that, so I'll glue that out and I'll show you what it looks like. Now what we can do is start to try to size it. So start trimming with scissors. See how they're at the bottom there? Turn with scissors, this is going to be nice. You don't have to just trim the top or bottom, you can trim the sides too. That looks good. And now this isn't done yet. Now you can take more cork or you can do this afterwards in place. But once it's in place, I'm going to do it in place, then we will paint it a little bit with some white paint. We can add a little bit more cork so we can get some more innovations out of it. It's pretty nice. So I'm going to use a hot glue gun to glue it to the top and actually the bottom of it. And the bottom of it is going to be set right into the plastic that I've cast here. Now once the water fall is in place and the glue is dried, you can add small amounts of your cork, you can crystal clear cork to the top, and the bottom to make a nice smooth transition. And on the bottom I'm going to have a rippling wave effect. And then use a little tool to integrate it right so it looks nice like a nice smooth transition. Like this. And I'm actually going to see if we can make this wavey and it'll dry kind of nice. It's like a ripple here at the waterfall. But I'm actually going to show you another technique that's good for waves in the water, crests and whatnot. Add some white paint to it and stripes just a little bit, not a whole lot. Spread it around thin. You don't want it to look like it's painted. So use a very wet solution and just a little bit of white because what it is is like the frothing of the water. Just a little bit. It's very easy to use too much white on that. And there we go. So it makes the water look more active and frothy to waterfall. And don't coat it completely, coat it in little patches and strips. Okay, now I'm going to explain to you a little bit about some nice techniques for manipulating your water. And let's focus on the waterfall. What you can use is, and this is some really nice products here, you can use something called gloss gels or glazing mediums. Like for instance I have a gloss gel medium, a glazing medium and a super heavy gloss gel. A gloss, super heavy gel is called. And these are artist supplies so you can buy them in like arts and crafts stores or artist supply houses. And they usually use with acrylic oil paintings. But what they are is they have a lot of form to them. So you can actually paint them on and get nice shape effects. So you can actually have the bubbling around the water. You can put in waves and crests. And they will dry clear. Make sure you get to types that dry clear. Most of them do dry clear transparent. And you can also, if you wanted to add a little bit of paint to them, to a colorum. So all you have to do is, depending on how big the waves and crests are you want to do, you know, you use your different type of use, a medium or a heavy, super heavy. So I like to use a really soft brush because with water, you know, you don't want really any sharp edges. And then you can just, you know, brush it on into bubbling wave shapes. And it's, it's, it's white right now, but it will dry transparent. And that will dry to that shape that you create. So you can actually, you know, brush ripples like this. You want it that ripples, rippling out. See that? Remember something like this? Bigger ripples closer to the waterfall. And as you move away from it, smaller ripples. And there we go. The waterfall is done. It's all painted and all set. I have lots more diagram of making stuff on my website. And I have more tutorials on making water. Like how to actually do this kind of a water if you don't know how to, what to use to pour this in, some tips about the background and underneath and how you get that color right, and how to make a ripples and waves and a river. A moving river. So lots of stuff coming and lots on the other side, storm the castle background. Thanks for watching.