 Alright, park with South Pickle mustard greens. This is a common dish all over Southeast Asia. I'm doing a slightly Thai version of it today because the Pickle mustard greens I got are actually Thai one and I really do like Thai food. So I want to do it in that way. I've got about a pound of pork. It's pork shoulder. It is cut into very fine strips and I've marinated that in about a tablespoon of Thai fish sauce and about half a teaspoon of black pepper, freshly ground black pepper. In addition to that you'll need half a medium brown onion which is shredded. You'll need about two bell peppers which have been chopped up and shredded fine like the onions. You'll need about half a tablespoon of fish sauce. That's in addition to the one that's in the marinated pork. Don't worry about this. The recipe is below in the description. You'll need about a tablespoon of soy sauce and when I say a tablespoon of soy sauce, I like to mix it up a bit. I'm using half and half of this lovely healthy boy brand mushroom soy sauce. That's a Thai soy sauce and I'm using normal Thai soy sauce, healthy boy brand again which I really like. That's a normal light soy sauce and in this case I've used Tipaross fish sauce which is made from fermented anchovies I believe. Right. In addition to all that I've got six cloves of garlic which have chopped up and I've got some cooking oil. In this case I've got some coconut oil which I'm going to use for frying and the next thing I need to do is get my mustard pickles. What I want to do is I want to rinse that in water and then chop it up finely like the rest of the vegetables. Okay so I've rinsed my mustard cabbage. It comes like that I mean it's and then what I do is I just chop it up finely like that and the mustard cabbage is really just a sort of primitive kind of cabbage but done this way it's a bit like saukr out, bit like kimchi in that it's probiotic so it helps to promote a healthy gut flora so it's really actually very good for you and mustard cabbage treated this way is better, much better for you than just plain old boiled mustard cabbage so it's got that probiotic element about it and in addition to that it adds a delicious soundness to your meal and it goes really really well with pork so let's give that a try so it's in taste it's in the same sort of flavour spectrum as kimchi and saukr out that sort of thing. Right the next thing we want to do is get a frying pan really really hot and then I'll show you that close up. Alright the fried pan's coming up to heat let's just get in the coconut oil coconut oil turned solid in there in cool climates as you see there but it's still the same wonderful ingredient and it smells awesome when you put it in the pan that lovely coconut smell. I use quite a lot of coconut oil one way or another I even use it in my homemade soap. Right once that comes up to heat get in your pork and get it frying up. Okay once you've got it turned on the pork then go to the onion and the garlic. Stir to mix. And then you can go in with your peppers, the yirware bell peppers. Give that quick stir to mix it all together. And then in goes your soy sauce and your fish sauce. That smells wonderful right what I want to do now is go in with my mustard cabbage. I don't think this is a dish that immediately appeals to Westerners until they actually taste it and when they do they'll love it. So give it a try really seriously give it a try it's really good and mustard cabbage isn't expensive either so it's it's a really good value and it's a very nice delicious healthy meal. So let's what I'm going to do now is just cover that and let that cook for a while but before I do these two little hot peppers they came with the in the package of the mustard greens. So what I'm going to do now is just let that cover and cook on for another two or three minutes. That's a couple of minutes with the lid and I'm going to have a quick taste of that and make sure I get a bit of everything so we know what's coming. That's really delicious the pork is succulent with salinous of the mustard greens come right through and the sweetness of the pork and the peppers it's really a great counterbalance and it's no surprise to me that this is one of the most popular dishes in Southeast Asia. Enjoy. If you have enjoyed this video please give it a thumbs up. If you would like to follow my channel please subscribe and be sure to click the bell icon to receive notification of all my upcoming videos. Thanks for watching.