 Hey guys and gals out here this is rock n' raffi bringing you another edition of rock n' raffi's home cooking. You might be wondering why I'm whispering. You might be wondering why I'm wearing my pajamas. See? It's late night. We're ready to hit the hay. We have one task to do tonight and that is to make clotted cream. Or shall I say for the next 12 hours. It's only one ingredient but very time consuming without further ado. If you're ready, I'm ready. Time to get a graveyard shift on. And this is plotted cream. Plotted cream is not made in the US. Actually I like. I just made it. Ha! It smells divine. It smells like cheese. But honestly it smells like cheese. We'll let this settle at room temperature and it will take it through in the fridge for another 12 more hours. And you thought we were done. Ha! Not yet. Great. 12 more hours in the fridge. What am I going to do now? Hmm. I got an idea. Household chores. Oh, on second thought. Oh, yeah. Finally. Yes. Okay. Remove from the fridge. Remove this round wrap. You're going to use a spoon and just scrape the top off gently like so. Keep going roll by roll. Oh my gosh that looks so scrumptious. Don't you dare even think of throwing away this liquid. No, we're going to save this for our future episode where we make scones. And here it is. Our final product. The clotted cream. Let's go ahead. Let's take a spoonful. Let's see how it is. You definitely don't want to take a glob of it. Just want a little taste because this is used as a topping for the things like on top of pudding on making scones with them. The texture is very buttery. It has a little yellow to it. Looks pretty good. And then that topping that we saw that was kind of crusted at that yellow, you definitely want that. That is like the king of all cream crops. So let's try this out. This is what we've been living for. This is a taste of heaven on earth. Wow, it's very fluffy, very butter like. It's not sweet. Overall, this is a success. The amount of hours that it takes to make one cup of this awesome, delightful, heavenly, creamy, tasting clotted cream. Love it. Love it. This is the first time you're here watching me go ahead and subscribe and go ahead and click on that little notification icon because I will be uploading videos in the near future using clotted cream. So in the meantime, go ahead and down below, go in and comment and like. I want to hear your thoughts on clotted cream. And until next time, keep on rockin'.