 What's it everybody? This is Lyall, we don't hit the barbecue. A while back I did a recipe that called for caramelized onions and I had a question from somebody asking if there's a quicker way to caramelize onions. I couldn't come up with a quicker way to do it but I did a little bit of research and I saw a nice crop pot recipe and this is kind of how we're going to do this and I think if you're going to be busy at work or busy doing whatever for the day, this is a good way for you to do some caramelized onions. Anyway, it's a very simple recipe. First thing we need to do is slice our onions. Now the recipe that I'm doing, I'm kind of bolting it up a little bit so I'm using four pounds of onions and about a half a cup of butter. It would be sliced in this onion with the knife that was sent to me by Kumano's. I'm telling you and if you've seen any of my reviews, you know that I keep it real. You know if I don't like something, I'll mention something like that in the video and even things I like, I do bring up the negatives. This knife right here could have saved me $60 on a brand new knife set. No one reason to buy it was because I didn't have a good chef knife. Anyway, if you're watching this video on March 2017, I am going to be having a giveaway on this. I'll put a link to that video in the eye part above in the description below. Run by there and you might get it a free knife. Anyway, all we're going to do is slice these onions thinly. And this knife has a good rock removal. And I'm not the best, you know, at knife skills out there. I would say I'm slightly above average. So anyway, I'm going to go ahead and finish slicing this onion up really all we're going to do. I have my crock pot going. This happens to be a roasted crock pot kind of a combo. What we're going to do is just throw our onions in. And I will cut up this other thing or this other onion in a bit. We're going to slice this butter into a pat. And we're just going to kind of throw these in. And we're going to throw our crock pot, we're going to let our crock pot go for eight hours. You have a chance to come in here and you know, stir it in like four hours. That's going to be optimum. If you can't, it should be fine. Anyway, let's see how this turns out in eight hours. You're four hours. Because at the end of this, it said if you have a chance, go ahead and stir it up. So that's what we're going to do. And they look like they're pretty soft right now. They're on their way to being caramelized, but they have a long way to go. I'm going to go ahead and put the lid back on. Let's go into the four hours. This is caramelized onions are looking like after eight hours. You know, I was thinking about doing some soup with this, but you know what? I think I'm going to take it outside the box and do like a stuffed meatloaf with this. Anyway, I'm going to pull this back, take a couple bites of this. See if it needs any salt, pepper, anything like that. And it's a wrap. My caramelized onions are a wrap. I'm telling you, this is an extremely simple way to make caramelized onions. I haven't really tasted it yet. So really, it all comes down to that. Very delicious. You know what? If I was making this with some onion soup, I might add a little bit of salt and pepper to it or something like that. These are really sweet. Perfect color on them. Like I said, what I'm going to do is take this outside the box. I'm going to be doing the meatloaf recipe. As soon as I'm done with that meatloaf recipe, I'm going to put a link to that video in the Icarterbob and the description below. But I think the meatloaf is a perfect way to just use random stuff that you have left over in your kitchen. So I'm probably going to do a stuffed meatloaf and I'm going to have it stuffed with some of these caramelized onions and cheese and other stuff. Anyway, thanks for some. I know you'll get me barbecued. I appreciate it. Knock these out. Perfect way to make them without being around.