 Okay so here we are. Okay in this video we're going to be dyeing some fabric items black with our ripped black dye as you can see how. So basically what you need to perform this task is some ripped dye. You can use any kind of dye the powder stuff we have the liquid one today. A saucepan. Something can't like this like stainless steel so it doesn't stain and obviously something to stir it with of the same kind of material because you don't want dye on your pot. So anything pours still in is out of the question. So something like this be very careful because also some tongs that we're going to use. And today while in this video we're going to be dyeing cotton cotton things. So cotton things are like natural things. Cotton fields and whatnot. So when you dye natural things get a pot. Fill it about halfway two thirds with hot water. I put the boiler on so it's pretty hot now. And when you're dyeing quite in natural things we add a cup of salt to the hot water. So get a cup fill it with salt. So natural things salt. Non natural things. More man made things we use vinegar instead. White vinegar. So either you use one or the other. So if you're using a natural things, nylon things like that. Use the vinegar instead. Okay. In this process we've got our clothing in here. It's a nice medium heat almost boiling but not quite. That's a number five on here. We're going to be adding the root dye to the part of pants and things. We have various cotton things. So we have a cotton towel, a little cotton top here, cotton stockings, cotton etc. And as I mentioned before these are the non natural fibers. You can see there's a lot of elastic in there and a little little chicken chicken. We'll be doing those with vinegar afterwards but for this we're just going to do the cotton. So this is the water salt mixture. We're going to add the dye. We've weighed out the amount of clothes here. So we have three or four items in here. This is an eight ounce bottle. This should be enough a half a bottle of the liquid. If you have the powder one, dump it all in. For this bottle of here, say it ounces, it's quite a lot. We're just going to put a half in there. So the water's on a medium heat. The salt has been added. In goes the dye. So I want to use half a bottle. Oh, keep it with. We've got a little light here so I can see how much I've kind of used. A little more. Okay, there we go. That is enough. Be very careful. Because if you get dye on your things, you may never see their natural color again. So here's made washed, washed, Polish soup. I think. Yeah, it kind of looks like that. Like your boiling red cabbage. Spook it around. So the heat, it's like almost about the boil, but not quite. It looks in the dye around. Soak it up into the fibers. Take it in through there. Imagine every pause. And once you've done that, you've fished it all around. Like a pro fisherman or woman. Put it on a medium heat. That will probably be number three. And leave it uncovered for about 30 minutes. And this is kind of a simmer. And in 30 minutes, we'll show you the results. Okay, so the bin and the pan around 30 minutes. You can see the dye is pretty in there. You can also see some of the stitching there hasn't died. That's okay because that's the effect we wanted to go for. So, we're on number three. Let's just turn it off. The next step. If you have a sink like ours, then you may not want to use this because you will never see whiteness ever again. And if you have one of those sinks, then move it over to the sink and start rinsing the dye up. We have one of these buckets here. We're going to take it outside on a little adventure. What we're going to do, which is harder for us, is put with the clothing items in here. Drain the water out. Get rid of it over the back wall wherever you want to bed it. And then put the clothes back in here. And then we're going to rinse them out with hot water initially. And then keep rinsing them out with progressively, well, maybe the water will go progressively cool until it's cold. So do a hot rinse and a little bit of warm rinse until the rinse is cold. And use ice. And using ice at the end of all of that will help set the dye in your clothing items. So we're going to go do that. It's dark outside, but you get the idea of what to do. And we'll show you the final result very soon. I'm just trying to focus it. Really working very well. How do you focus your video? I'm on the screen. Oh, nice. Keep splitting all the focus on. Just having them in the middle of the screen doesn't work very well, but you can keep on trying. I think I got it now. It's pretty late out tonight. So it's pretty hard to see, but here are our things here. And we're just moving them over into this one so we can drain out the dye. We're just going to play around and start rinsing the dye out with hot water until we progressively go cool until we use the ice to set the dye. And we should be good to go. We're going to clean the clothes off with hot water then progressively cold. You can see it's pretty pretty clear. So now I'm just going to add some ice which helps set the dye. If you've never seen a nice make it before, this is a really cool. If you're living in a cold country, you probably don't have a nice make it because you just don't. You probably have a sauna in the stand because that's not going to help you here. But naturally, living in a cold country or cold water will be way colder than ours because we live in Vegas, which is really hot all the time. So you probably don't know what to do with ice to be honest because your cold water is going to be cold enough. But like I said, living in a hot area or cold water isn't really that cold. So we're going to use ice there and that will help set the dye. I'm going to put way more in there but we don't want to go on forever with the ice,ness and the video. Okay, we've just rinsed and dried one of that items here. We're going to turn around. Okay, I got this toned. Yeah, there they are. Well, personally dyed and given a new life. Okay, check it out. Good lick and post your results.