 First I'm going to add this regular dish soap into the water. Next I'm going to add this high shine shampoo. This is going to add a really pretty luster to our chicken. On the point system, one of the major point deductions is if you have a dirty bird. So something you really want to focus on is having a clean and well groomed bird, especially since if you're competing at a large scale show, you're competing against the best of the best. Since he's a white bird, I'm going to add a blue-ing shampoo. This is going to take some of the coppery gold out of this white feathers and put him into a white state. And then finally I'm going to add just a regular haired shampoo. Once we've got everything incorporated, we're going to take our chicken, slowly incorporate him into the water. And what you want to do is get all the feathers completely soaked down to the base. If you have a crested bird, as well as a featherled bird, you want to make sure you get the crest. Silkeys are also bearded, so you want to make sure you get under the chin in the beard area. Since this bird is white and we're going to get some of this coppering out of him, I'm going to take some of the whitening shampoo and just rub it into the tips. Lastly, I get my Neckle Cleaning Brush and take the whitening shampoo. Get him in there and scrub the feet. Alright, now we're going to rinse him. One thing you want to be wary about is that when you're using a blue and shampoo, they can stain your bird purple or blue. So you want to make sure you thoroughly rinse it. If you're not using a white bird, you just want to make sure you've got all the shampoo out because it can stay in the feathers and create kind of a crusty look that doesn't show up well in the showway. Now we've completely rinse the bird and we're going to take it out and assemble the chicken to re-do. This gives me the room to work on their face and then not be running around trying to get in my way. The first thing you want to do is take your petroleum jelly and well moisturize the comb, and then just water and face with the bird. The chickens love when you rub it in. Oh my goodness, look at that. He's back to go to sleep. It feels so good. After I towel dry the bird, I like to blow dry them. This allows ample air movement through the feathers to get them completely dry. Next, we're going to take my oil sheen and we're going to douse the bird. We want a luxurious natural shine and then take a microfiber towel and blot and wipe them down. Okay, and lastly, if you have a little bit of static frizz, you can take a static dimming spray. And that is how you groom a chicken.