 Beats are loaded with nutrients and are absolutely delicious. And today's episode let's look at growing beats. So the best way to start beats is to direct so them. Here we're showing them in a whiskey barrel container, but you can sew these seeds anywhere in the ground or in the raised beds as well. And although this is the way I recommend that you start beats, you can also start beats in seed starting kits like these. And this season I did start my beats seeds separately in these seeds starting pellets. And if you've watched my monthly gardening series, you might have seen that I've planted this in the fall season. I started sewing my seeds in the fall season and then now I'm transplanting these beats. Now beats are cool season crops. So start your beats or transplant them when the temperatures reach to about 50 to 60 degrees on an average. And beats will survive low temperatures and they will actually do very well in low temperatures. Also make sure that your beats plants are getting enough sunlight. Usually beats need about 6 to 8 hours of sunlight because the winter sun is not that strong. However, I would say that you need at least about 5 hours of sunlight for your beats plants. If you don't have a sunny spot for your beats, you're going to be seeing very less of the root development and your beats won't look as healthy. Now to get decent sized beats roots, you need to space them apart. And I grew beats for both the roots as well as the tops. So I've spaced them about 4 to 6 inches apart. But if you want really big roots, you need to space them even further apart. At least about 8 inches or so. And then at least about 12 inches between rows. But in my case, since I used the beats in such a way that we cook the beet roots as well as the beet greens together. And that is why I'm looking for medium to large size roots. And now let's look at the harvest. As you can see here, the harvest that we have is pretty decent. The beet roots are pretty decently sized. Now do not expect monster sized roots as the ones you find in the grocery store. When you're growing organically, you can expect some compromise on the size of the beet roots. However, they are delicious. And since we will be using both the tops as well as the roots, this is a pretty good harvest. And as you can see here, beautiful looking roots after they have been washed. These are the beet roots and then the greens as well, absolutely fresh and delicious. And I've grown beats in the past as well. And this is how the harvest turned out on a couple of occasions. And you can see that the beet roots haven't grown to a large size. And that was partly because of the spacing and partly because they were not getting enough sunlight. Now if you look at this beet root right here, it's pretty well sized. It's a pretty big beet root. And this is because the soil here is a lot more sandy than the one in my raised beds. Now beet roots prefer sandy soil naturally. So if you have sandy soil, you can expect to get slightly larger beet roots. And another amendment that I did for this area was that I added a lot of bone meal, which has a lot of phosphorus and that's great for developing big beet roots. So there we have it folks. That was our episode on growing beats. We hope you enjoyed this episode. Give us a thumbs up if you liked this video and we'll see you again soon. Happy gardening.