 Hello and welcome to the vegan corner. Due to the high level of requests for gluten-free recipes, we decided to simplify one of the hardest things that you can encounter as a gluten-free baker, the flower blends. In this video, we will not only show you how to mix flowers, quite literally, but we will also share some great information about gluten-free flowers in general, the ingredients are listed in the description below the video. As you can probably imagine, mixing a few flowers together is not rocket science. In fact, the recipe consists of shifting all the ingredients into a bowl and whisking thoroughly to properly combine them, which is not something I would necessarily call quantum mechanics, but that said, I'm not a quantum mechanics expert, so maybe that's why. Anyway, there are a few things that like to mention before this video is over. Gluten-free baked recipes rarely ask for one single flower, as it is by blending them that you obtain a final product that mimics standard with flower. For this reason, we decided to create our own blends, so that we can use them for our recipes whenever needed. I say blends, because any new blend that we might create in the future will be added to the description of this video, so that you have one single place to go when you are looking for the ingredients, and we don't have to make multiple videos showing you the fine art of stirring flowers together. Now I want you to know that our blends are not meant to be used for recipes that are no hours. As we simply cannot guarantee, they will work at all times, despite the fact that they might actually work pretty well. Also there is an endless amount of flower combinations that can be made, so by no means we believe that ours are the best, but simply the ones we have developed and decided to share. I want to stress the importance of owning a kitchen scale that measures in grams in order to get the best out of our recipes. Caps and spoons might look like this modest option to quickly weigh ingredients, but when it comes to consistency, they are pretty unreliable and rarely allow people to make precise recipes, especially baked ones. Once the flowers have been mixed, you can simply place the blend into a bag and store it in a cool place. The mix will have roughly the shelf life of the flowers from which it was made. And this is the final gluten-free mix. This is not a dish, so I want bother telling you how good it tastes, how beautiful it looks, and how many attempts it took me to achieve it. It's flower, nothing more. For now, if you enjoyed watching this brief gluten-free flower-based tutorial, please don't forget to share your opinion with us and to give this video a thumbs up. Thanks for watching!