 So, the motto was our sandene up to your approval. I like it and I think it's ready for priming. All right. How do you want to attack it? Well, MDF, very absorbent material we're going to use an oil-based primer to select. Well, it's going to be a hard work in bench and probably a mudroom so I can imagine wet boots or rain jackets on it. We don't want it to swell up. So you think the oil-based primer is going to help? Oil-based will protect this. And then for the top coat, we can use a water-based paint. All right. Ready to go? I'm ready. Our roll, you paint. We're going to start by the inside of this box. We're going to prime all the edges and then calving will roll the fields. Getting good coverage with the roller. Speeding it up a little bit there. That looks pretty good, got it. It could be a good pan. Well, it's like priming cardboard, Mar or the way it is sucking up the primer here. Exactly. It's sucking up the primer and it's very nice and it's mud material. People like because of this mudness of it and always look good. But remember, it's a very soft material. All right. We'll attack the top here. Oh, now our two coats of primer is dry. We're ready to fill the nail holes. So why fill them now after the primer zone is opposed to before the primer? The putty sticks better on the primer. Just using a regular wood putty. Just like a wood filler, Kevin. Regular one. All right. I'm going to heat inside the box with a two-terrainny grid sandpaper and a me-time cabin. If you want to do the tops and the sides with the sender, we can get it done. Now, let's wipe off the dust with tack clot. We're going to use this water-based, just simply white. I'm going to start inside the cubs again. I'll go with the brush. And if you want to start the back. Got it. Look at this. All painted up. Three nice baskets and a great cushion. Looks good. Do you approve? I do. Very nice. Yeah, I think it's a good one. I mean, one sheet of MDF, that's pretty economical. And that's a good look right here. Very nice piece. Nice job, guys. Thanks for watching. This old house has got a video for just about every home improvement project. So be sure to check out the others. And if you'd like me to see, click on the subscribe button. Make sure that you get our newest videos writing your feed.