 Hey friends, my name is Wendy Tremaine and we're at Holy scrap hot springs which is a homestead and also the title of our blog where we're writing about our homesteading experiences. So today we're here to harvest honey without using the standard honey harvesting equipment like a centrifuge. We didn't want to make that investment. We're just home scale honey producers. So here's what we're going to do. We're going to scrape the honey and the wax, collect them in these mason jars and then place the mason jars in this crock pot at a fixed temperature which we're using a temperature controller to control and that'll separate out the honey from the wax which will then be able to strain. Very simple. So I'm going to walk you through. For starters, again, strain from traditional equipment. I'm using a butter knife because it's just my preference. It's what I like to work with and I'm scraping the honey off our super with the wax and just placing it in this jar. Okay, it took me under a minute to fill this and I'm going to place it now in the crock pot. So the probe in here is reading back the temperature. Now we're choosing a temperature of 118 degrees to hold this water out and the reason for it is the honey becomes viscous of that temperature and naturally separates from the wax. But the most important reason is that it keeps the honey raw so we're not getting into cooking or pasteurizing and that's important to us. So in just a few minutes we'll check back and see it separate. Our honey's been sitting for, I don't know, maybe half an hour, the temperature controller set at 118 degrees and I'm now taking it out and I'm going to strain it just through a simple strainer into a mason jar. You can see some of the separation already. So I'll just scoop it out. I just see the honey is dripping through naturally because it's been heated while the wax has not reached a temperature that turns it to liquid yet. We're reaching the end of filtering three pine-sized mason jars of honey from its wax and I just want to show you some tips for how we work with this. So we've been straining as we showed you through this strainer into this mason jar works really well and it leaves behind a lot of wax. When it gets stuck and it doesn't, it just doesn't seem like a lot more is going to strain out. The wax into a second strainer and then over time, of course, this too is leaking out honey and I'll add this honey in the bowl to the honey in the mason jar. The final stage is I'll then take this very waxed heavy material and I'll put it back into mason jar and I'll put it back in the water bath and I'll let it separate one more time. And then, of course, strain the honey out again and whatever's left after that, the clump of just mostly wax, I'll put it outside and I'll let my own bee is clean it up and leave me just the wax.