 Hi friends, this is Patty from Greenville and I'm going to talk a little bit more about using taro shield, do taro essential oil to repel insects. Taro shield is 11 different oils put together and one of the main ingredients is citronella but there are 11 other essential oils in there, cedar wood, peppermint, rosemary, anything that repels insects. We know that plants are used for the oils and the parts that are used are the leaves, the roots, the seeds, the petals, the flowers, any part of a plant that is all natural that doteira puts through a distillation process and is used to make their essential oils. I like to use it primarily as a lotion for applying first thing in the morning when your skin is dry. I use fractionated coconut oil in this lotion along with some almond oil and I put that together in this little jar and then I add 20 drops of doteira taro shield and when I apply this first thing in the morning for dry skin and then go out later in the day this time of year I don't have to worry about being bothered by mosquitoes or any other insects because this protects my body. The other way that I use a taro shield and you can just hear my dog bark in the background is to put it in a spray bottle. I use this with starting out with distilled water. I fill it about three-fourths in the way full with water and then I then add the fractionated coconut oil just a bit of corner of the way with that and then another 20 drops of the taro shield. This makes application very easy. You just spray it on your skin. It's great and simple for children to apply to their skin but I also use it on my dog because it's quick and easy to apply to his skin and a little bit of oil stays on his fur so he is not bothered by fleas and ticks and anything that's healthy and good for my skin is also healthy and good for my pet skin. The other way that I use essential oils this time of year is to protect my vegetables in my vegetable garden. I also fill this up with water and I add just a couple drops of the taro shield but I also use peppermint and rosemary and thyme. They especially repel the insects that would go after a plant. We don't want to use harsh chemicals around our plants because they're toxic and we want to stay away from anything toxic in our body. That's why I also stay away from products like off because of the toxic products that are in that. The other great way to use the essential oils is in a diffuser and a diffuser is what you put a little bit of water in about a quarter cup of water and you can see it actually bubbling up and steaming and then you add your couple drops of taro shield and when you set this diffuser out on your porch in the evenings you don't have to worry about mosquitoes or flies or bees or anything bothering you. You can enjoy the summer evenings and not be bothered by any kind of insects. One of the other quick little ways that I enjoy using the oils is to also get a little jar and then I put a little spool of yarn in the jar and saturated with fractionated coconut oil and add a couple more drops of the taro shield and that way if you have some areas around your home especially around windows that you're bothered with ants coming in or having any kind of flies that are trying to get in. If you put this along your windows sash you'll keep those out. Some may times the bugs are attract into the light in your window and this is a simple solution to just put a little string that's saturated with a little bit of oil and the taro shield from having any bun problems. So I hope these are helpful tips for you to keep away the insects this time of year and repelting them from your stand, from your pet, keep them all free from your porch and just one little tip this bottle of taro shield has 250 drops so that's a lot of drops that go a long way and it's $14 retail. So contact me, message me if you'd like more information on how you can get some taro shield. Thank you.