 Music Hello, hello, welcome back to Red Ted Art. Today I've got Adam here with me today and Adam and I are going to make these origami ninja stars, right? Anyway, let's take a look and see how they're made. So what we'll need is four sheets of square paper. Now I've cut down one A4 sheet of paper into a five and then I've cut it down again into square. So we've basically used a red sheet of A4 paper and then there'll be a second color. That's yellow and I've got blue and green. So the first fold we're going to do, so Adam and I are going to work at the same time. Obviously I'm older, more experienced with origami, so if I do it a bit faster, that's not a problem. But this is why we're doing it with Adam. It's great to show how kids can do it as well. So I'm going to just do the first fold so you take it up. It doesn't matter that that's going to side, it's the same fold. I'm going to open up again. He really knows what he's doing. He doesn't need to follow me. In fact, that Adam is probably going to beat me, isn't he? So then you bring in one side, you bring in the other side, so you align the outsides with the centres like this and you do it again. And you try and get them as neat as you can, lined up with that centre line. This is actually a little bit forgiving, that you can add them. If we have the odd line that isn't perfect, it seems to still work. So that's great when you have an origami that hasn't got to be perfect. So now you have this, I'm going to swivel it up. You're already at a step ahead of me. And I'm going to take one corner here. So this line is going to go into the middle and I'm going to create this triangle. So I've used this finger to help point it down. So can you see that? So a little triangle. This is the trickiest part of the fold that Adam is doing right now, but we'll learn how to do it. We'll do it together here because it is really hard. So now you open this flap and you bring this fold down into another triangle. Okay, and now comes the hardest part. And you've just done yours. Well done. So a little bit squished, but that still will still work. So that's okay. It is a really hard fold. What you need to do is you need to open this up. Now I'm going to use this finger and I'm going to hold this triangle down. Okay, I'm going to use this finger actually. Now I'm going to take this one. I'm going to tuck one finger underneath because there's a corner here and I'm going to encourage that corner to get bent. And I'm going to fold this over. This is a really tricky part. So I do understand that it might cause a bit of confusion. Wow, well done. Look at you. So this, you're folding like that. You're holding this down, which means that little point here needs to be turned into a triangle and flattened. Now if you found that hard, I totally get it. Rewind the video, look at it again and take your time over it. Once you've got that, you can fold over. Then you've got, if you look at it from the top, you've got one with a little flap, you can go carrying it. You've got one with a little flap here and one without a flap. So you want the flap on this side. Fold this up so that the point and the edge meet and fold this over. And then tuck it into. So you see that flap? Tuck it into that flap. You can do it on the screen if you want Adam. Adam has been already assembling his pieces. So we've now got one, one, two, three, four. They're all the same. Adam's got some red and some yellow ones that he's in a minute. He's working on it off screen. Now what you want to do is you'll take the two, so one blue, two greens, you twist this. So you want all these triangles pointing in the same place. You twist it and you open this up and push it in. Now you take this one and you twist, twist, twist and you open it and push this one in. Now if these things come undone, whilst you're doing it, don't panic. You can tuck it in at the end. So let's just leave that for now. We'll tuck it in at the very end. Now you're going to take this one. Again, look the triangles pointing the same way. I'm going to go twist, twist and now I'm going to push it through the bottom green one and I'm going to put it over the top one. So open this up. Like this. And now open this up and put the green one in. Here we go. Now Adam is a very independent worker. He's not letting me help him at all, which is great. So here's his off screen at the moment whilst he's working on it. Now as you can see I'm giving it a little tug just to get it into place. Now what you can do is you can just any bits that have come out. You just kind of squish them back in again just to give it a little security. And that's it. And here we go. You want to bring your people in, Adam? There we go. Brilliant. Isn't that great? How old are you again, Adam? Nine. Nine. So there we go. So I think, although did you find it tricky? This is so tough. Yeah, there's some tricky bits but do you think you'll get a hang of it with a bit of practice? So I think they're really fun. They are bit tricky as is the boomerang that a lot of you like to make. Just that my advice to you is to stay calm, stay patient, get an adult to help you if you need. But just stick with it because I know you can do it. And that's it. So don't forget to add this to your playlist. Like, comment and subscribe. But of course we'd love to see you here again soon. Bye-bye! Music