 Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do. Oh, come on inside our DIY room. We're gonna have a lafana and festive way to brighten up your decor. Dicor? Decor? decor for your fancy here. Uh, using a little seaside flower Maria Provenzano is gonna walk us through this. This is really wonderful. You know, it really is and I love doing summery things because we've been entertaining so much outside. So we have these beautiful beachy and of course functional, we'll get there. But the beachy style, because you know what summer you want to be, this summer you'll ask you all summer long. And then of course the four of the July is coming up. So we have some festive and decorative ones as well. So we have those couple things. All right, we'll talk this through. I know, I've been smelling that. So these are called citronella candles. And they are an all natural way to repel mosquitoes. So they're set repels mosquitoes and it is non-toxic to humans and animals. And it's literally from a plant. So they, it's like distilled from the oils at the stem of the plant. It really was just starting from that. Yeah, so it's, yeah, they have a little bit of a lemony type of scent. Well, let's start on. Let's do the sand sand first before we get to the color of sand. Yeah, so these are really simple, just good old sand. And then what's great is you can actually go to the beach and find some really beautiful seashells. And then this is a really cool way to storm. And my son always loves picking up seashells. If you literally go out. By these. You can, they're very wonderful. Exactly. You can buy sand. You can buy sand at a craft store. And you have, you have to sometimes. Yeah. And so then I just stick the candles in and you can get really creative with this as well. They're almost like a truerium. You know what I mean? You can kind of just keep going there. And then add as much as you like, have your kids do it. Yeah, because you know when I was little, I used to collect shells from every sea. We'd go every summer and I had big jars of shells. This would have been genius. Yes. I cannot do you. That would be cool. I know. So that's really, that's just a simple way to do those. And you know, you can add in these little like, what are those? I don't like pinched to the sea glass. So I got actually those from Michael's. But so you guys, I am so excited. I get really excited about my crafts. This is just what makes me happy in life. So these are beautiful patriotic candles. But your only cost in this really is going to be the colored sand. And you can, which you can get at Michael's, you can order it on Amazon. But so you have the illusion that those are full of sand. But look at it. I'm going to show you. I have a can right here. So this is what I do. I start this out with a little bit of sand in there and then I stick the cannon. So it takes the volume up. So you're not wasting a bunch of sand. So you're not spending much money. You've been mad at these candles. Oh, no. I'm always thinking. Let's see. So then I've just made a cone out of just a regular piece of paper. If you have a plastic cone at home, go for it. But I mean, this is easy too. So then I'll just do the whites. So you're going to go red, white, and blue. And I'm spilling the sand. I didn't. She's doing it. I'll tell you what I did. And so a couple of years ago, the documentaries have been in Sierra Leone. I've been to about Borneo, Madagascar, all the travels that I've had. I would collect little tiny things. Sometimes it would be a baby food jar, I'd find, or a ziplock bag. And I would bring it back. So I have a collection of sand, even from the Mississippi, where I grew up and different places. I love that. She's here. She's here. I love the sand from all over the world. This would be a great place. I haven't combined it yet, because I'm afraid there may be some sort of reaction in a mighty flow. Well, there may just do a different jar. You try to say this is Madagascar. You might have heard this. Well, there's not enough to do. It's like little bits and pieces of it. Yeah. And I'm thinking, maybe I'll have an aquarium that I could put it in. Very cool. To say, you know, the fish, it's from all different parts of the way. Oh, I love that. It's just a little bit of sand. Do your boys collect shells? No. They collect tokens playing video games. It's more of a girl thing, I think, collecting the shells. Maybe. I don't know. My son likes it, but he's a toddler. And so what I wanted to let you guys know too, is you can see, I use just a good old paintbrush, and then you can spread the sand around so you can make it a little bit more even. You see there? So you can make them really perfectly straight lines. I like them a little wavy. And so then you just keep going till you get to the top. And then I cover it so you can't see the top of the can. And so it's up pretty much you can stop right there. You can stop right there. So it doesn't really matter how high you fill them, but I would leave a little bit of space because you kind of want to be able to see the candles that are in there. How far into the candles need to go? Do you want to put them all the way there? So as you can see over here, for these ones, they have just the tea candles, you can dig them in. Because then you kind of don't want to really see the metal part. But then for these ones that you can see right by you, mark these are full candles. So you want them just more setting on the sand because then they have more burning time. How much does this cost? Anywhere from $5 to $15. Basically, you could do these for basically nothing. This is the bowl that you have at home. Yes, like that jar. And you could do it with Mason jars. Wouldn't that be a beautiful way to light up a walkway too? It'd be gorgeous.