 Alright guys, just got the, everything pulled out of the car. We laid down the foam squares outside like I told you. You know, in my car for cleaning video, you don't want to pick up any of the junk that's on your driveway or in your garage floor. So what I'm going to do first, I'm going to do a pre-treat with the Sure Start Sprayer, with the red thundere. We're going to hose them off, get all the water out, we're going to spray it again, then we're going to agitate it. This has a lot of road solts that you guys can see on them. I don't want to start scrubbing dry. I want to soften this stuff up. I don't want to scratch the floor mats. Anybody that's got weather text, you know how trash those things get. And I actually think these are going to hold up a hell of a lot better. So here we go. I mean, this Sure Start Sprayer is one of the best things you're going to get for auto detailing or anything around the house. Now we're not going to have a crazy power washing these. It's just too cold to fire that thing up for something like this. And don't be afraid to use product. And we want to get these things clean. You don't want to be cheap. You want to do a good job. I can tell already it broke all the dirt up. I've been using the Malco Red Thunder for over 25 years. And just the product that works is very versatile. I get it from the distributor that stops by. And it's just a good product. So guys, that's the pre-treatment of the 3D Max floor liners on the Shelby GT350. And I'll let that sit for a couple of minutes. We'll turn the camera back on. We're going to hose them off and finish this job for you. So stay tuned. Alright guys, we're back. We waited about five minutes. Let's just give these a blast. Wow, these formats actually look brand new. So this is the way to go guys. You guys got to pick up these formats. Okay guys, so we're going to, like I said, they look perfect right now, but like I said, sometimes when they dry, they may not look so good. So I'm going to give it a little scrub. Alright, that's fine. Okay. Give it a blast. Alright, these guys are clean. So the way we're going to dry these off, just going to use a cheap microfiber towel, like I'm showing you here. Word of advice for anybody that's got either a husky liner, a weathertack, never, ever put a vinyl dressing, silicone tire dressing, or anything on your floor mats. You could actually cause yourself to get into an accident and accidentally your heel could slip off the pedal. And that is a serious liability. So far we had seven snowstorms and a lot of salt and these things still look brand new. I can't say the same thing about the weathertacks that I've had and that's why I switched it up. So these guys are done. We're going to put these on the side. We don't need them now. We've got to move over to the interior. We have a hell of a lot of work to do.