 Okay, here we are. I'm about to plant my chili seeds which I've got delivered from Niel at the Hippie Seed Company. I can look them up on the web. It's a good bloke. Right, all we need is a little tray which goes in the propagator. I'll show you that a little bit later. Obviously your seeds label so that you don't mix up your seeds. Trust me, it doesn't matter how good your memory is, you need these. You will forget what seed is in watch pot. A plate for soaking the jiffies. You don't have to have this but I highly recommend it. It's a thermometer. I stick that in the soil just so you know that you have got the right temperature for growing chilies and I believe that they need to be a minimum of 20 degrees Celsius or 70 degrees Fahrenheit to germinate these seeds. So that comes a bit later. We'll put that in the propagator just so we can keep an eye on the temperatures. You don't need these yet. These are just the naga that Niel sent me. I'm so scared. I want to eat these but I'm terrified of eating them. I guess I will in the future and so will my Aurofrens. A glass of wine. You need that to become a nerd. Nice. Some jiffy peat pellets. Really cheap. You can get them at any nursery, any growing shop. Pretty easy to find. Very cheap. A cup for soaking your seeds. Whatever cup you want doesn't really make any difference. You need a talusca glass now. You don't just joking around. I'm just going to use that to put on top of the peat pellets. And anyway, here we go. I'll just get the peat pellets out. I've got eight seeds I'm growing so I'm just going to get eight of these peat pellets. Put them in here. One, two, three. Get rid of that. Four, five, six. Actually, these should all be facing upwards. That's up. That's down. Soft on the top. We've got to get some. And that is eight. Then this is an important step. When you take it over to the sink, you want to make sure that the water is warm. It just makes the peat pellets pop up a little bit more. Don't put too much water. And it's just enough to soak the seeds so they rise up. That's going nice. There we go. Two pounds to weave it. That should do the trick. It's probably better to weave what I had to tell us in the last four, which is to pour on top. It's easier to get them to raise up that way. Mine my jerky camera action here. It just helps in a bit if you can pour some on the top here. That should help raise up. Okay, that's what you need to do for the time being. I'll come back once they've raised up a bit more. As you can see, the first ones I'm going to soak here is a dorset naga. Then I'll do my dorset one a few others. I'll just speed this bit up. As you can see, I just grabbed a few of those. I'm just going to pour these out onto the table here. I might do four. Just start with and grab those four. I'm just going to drop them into the water to soak for a little while. I just want to show you that bit because some people are a bit anal with what they see. Some's going to leave those to soak for about five minutes. And then I'm going to plant them into the jiffy pellet. All my little seeds. Okay. We accidentally didn't film the planting stage. I'm just going to do it again now. I'll be going to do some butcher laquiers or jalokiers. They've just been soaking for about 10 minutes, 10-15 minutes. I was going to do a five, but I changed it to 10-15. These have been soaking. I've just put it on here just to take some of the moisture out. Just give it a push down on a paper towel just to soak it. You don't want them to be too moist. You want them just right because you'll end up getting mulled on the seeds or they call it. There's a special tab, but I don't know what it is. It's going to hand the cameras on my wife here. Now we just want to split the top open. So we've got some room to work with here. There we go. All right, I sleep done. Then we want to make a tiny little hole. It doesn't have to be that deep. It could just be as deep as you want. I think personally not too deep, but just a little tiny hole in the middle for the first one. Grab it out. Now also what you didn't see before was after handling all these seeds. I put my fingers in my mouth and I wipe my eyes. Big, big mistake stinging. I tell you, it's been a good half an hour and my eyes are still stinging now as we speak. Quite sore. My lips are still tingling because obviously these are very hot chilies. Now I'll get another one. You want to put about two, sorry, about three to four seed is what I personally think because I haven't seen a hundred percent germination rate done by anybody yet. I think Neil has got pretty close to it, quite shots and a few others, but they're professionals. So the more seed you plant, the better chance you've got of getting some sprouts. So I personally am going to put three in here. So one of the middle ones at the side, I'm going to put another one over here. Just gives me a better chance of getting something. And because they take so long to germinate, a couple of weeks, sometimes I've had three, four, six weeks even for these to come up, depending on the temperature that you're holding them at. Look at that. I just pratt it down a little bit like that. And that's basically ready to go. It's as simple as that. It's just a waiting game now. And then you ride, put your luck here along the edge there, stick it on the side. And it's ready to go. I'll just cut to the other ones now. And thanks for watching. Okay, here we are. We've all been done now. What we're going to do is just transfer them into this little tray that goes into the propagator. Let's go. Train that scorpion. We got here. My lovely Dawson Laga. Yo, yo. Oh, they're my do's. You got a lot of that name for it, Chili. Hungarian Black. And the Asian bird's eye. All right, we got all right there. Let's take it over here. Average them a little propagator. You don't have to use a propagator. I do because I want to try and keep the temperature between 20s close to 30 degrees as I can. That's your optimum for these hot temperature. I mean, a lot of these Chili's come from from India where it's quite hot. I mean, most Chili's come from really hot climate. So we want to try and keep it as close to their natural temperature. Those are tight Chili's. They're the ones that I'd practice on earlier. They did quite well. They're sparing up well. So I'm just going to put it in here into the propagator. Oh, I forgot the thermometer. Let me just run over here. And Ling, and Ling, and Ling, and Ling. Get the thermometer. Everybody's different. But I like to stick my swirl. I've done this earlier on this one. So I'm just going to poke that in there. That way I know what temperature it is. It's plugged into the wall. It just keeps it 10 degrees above what the current temperature is in the house. I've got this in the sunlight because I like it there. It's better for the plants. I like it. All right, here's got little vents, slid a breeze. While we're trying to get the seeds to germinate, keep those closed. And that's yet simple as that. Now I've heard this take a really, really, really long time to germinate. So it could be several weeks, but I'll keep you updated. These ones only took about a week to two weeks before they propped up like that. These are harder or a lot harder. But let's just see how it goes. Good luck. Come on, wife in the background just asked me why are they harder. I have absolutely no idea. So my answer to that is Dano, but I think it's got something to do with the fact that it's, you know, they normally grow in places like anywhere. It's really a hot. And I'm here in Melbourne. It's the final week. It's not the last week of winter. You want to get these planted. I'd believe around about this time just so that they get the full effect of spring and summer. They obviously fruit better and summer. So this is the best time I believe for planting them. Thank you very much for watching. And I'll keep you updated in the next clip that comes along hopefully in the next few weeks.