 Hi everyone it's Melanie and I am back today with a super quick tutorial. I shared the photo from this style shoot on my IG as well as in my community here on YouTube and you guys absolutely love the napkin ring, fold it like a rose and you wanted a tutorial. So as promised I am here today to share with you how I achieved this look. So stay tuned. Okay so the first thing you want to do is something I didn't do here and that is to iron your napkin. I obviously didn't do that because I'm doing a super quick tutorial for you guys but after you iron napkin you want to fold it over to create more of a triangular shape but you don't want the tips of the triangles to actually meet each other and I'll show you why in just a moment. Now once you iron it and fold it over the next thing you want to do is start to do a larger fold from the bottom almost like a pleat and you want to continue to fold it over until you get a little over halfway. Once you get it folded over you want to turn it to the side and start rolling it from the edge. Now this is what's going to actually form your rose petal. It is so neat and so super simple. I'm going to turn it around so you guys can see it from that angle. Once you get it all folded over you want to bring over the edge and tuck it in on the side. Now this is the most difficult part of it. For the ones I actually did in the video I used the butter knife to tuck it in very neatly but for this one I just wanted to kind of do you guys a brief overview and then the two edges remember that I told you those would make the petals of the rose before. Well you're going to pull those out and then you want to kind of push down on the head of your rose and then it should stand up properly. Now this is a bigger napkin I think it's a 24 by 24. You actually would need a 20 by 20 or 17 by 17. So I'm having a little bit of a problem with this standing up properly but all you have to do is just kind of work it down and it will stay in place. See I promised you it would stay in place. So I'm going to show you guys what that looks like on a play setting. So once I put it on the plate here is what it looks like. It looks so absolutely fabulous and I know you guys are going to ask me about the DIY leaf chargers. I do have a tutorial coming to you soon. I hope you guys enjoyed this. Please be sure to like, comment and subscribe and until next time it's Melanie with living luxurious leaf for less tears.