 Hey guys, it's a little ass-dave summer and today I decided to do something a little different. I'm going to be doing my first episode of Cookie with Krabby. Today I'm going to be making a garlic shrimp alfredo. It's so good. I never want some, so keep watching if you want to know how to make it. For this recipe you'll need shrimp, pasta, cream cheese, Italian blended cheese, Italian seasoning and parsley. You'll also need heavy whipping cream. Next you'll want to get your pot ready for your pasta and while you're waiting for that to heat up, you can go ahead and let your shrimp thaw out. Once your pot is hot and boiling, go ahead and start adding your pasta. While your pasta is cooking, you'll want to turn your stove top to medium heat. While your pan is heating up, you'll want to go ahead and add some olive oil. Next you'll want to add one stick of butter. In my case I had two half sticks of butter. So go ahead and let that melt and once it's melted down quite a bit, you can start adding your shrimp. You'll want to set your timer for five minutes to let your shrimp cook. Next you'll want to add your garlic powder and you can sprinkle this on as light or heavily as you want. Next you'll want to go ahead and add that whipping cream in there. Next I want to add in through and some cream cheese. I threw in about two ounces, but you can skip that step. Then you'll want to go ahead and mix all that up. After that's all mixed up, you'll want to go ahead and sprinkle your pepper and your salt. Then you'll want to add that Italian 5-cheese blend. To top it off, I added a little bit of parsley. At this point, you're pretty much done with your pasta. Next, I want to show you a trick for how to fix a piece of Texas toast cheese bread, a smissing cheese. Go ahead and take that Italian 5 cheese blend and sprinkle that on top of it. Then you'll want to go ahead and top it off with that Italian seasoning and proceed to cook it as usual. And as you can see, the bread looks just like the other pieces. And that's it for our first episode of Cooking with Candy. Thanks for watching and don't forget to thumbs up this video.