 Hi, I'm Stephanie Jaworski of Joybaking.com. Today we're going to make an apple crumble pie and this is what it looks like. This pie has a pastry crust on the bottom that is filled with lightly sweetened apples and then we have a streusel topping. Really good. The heck of it is like an apple crisp with a pie crust. The first thing we need to do is to make our pastry. This is an all butter pastry. I actually make it in my food processor. Really easy to make. But you could make it by hand. It's just an a large bowl. The first thing you will need is 1 ¼ cups which is 175 grams. All-purpose flour. You may know that is plain flour. When I like to add a little sugar, I'm adding 1 tablespoon, 15 grams of granulated white sugar and then 1 ½ teaspoon, 2 grams of salt. I prefer to use the kosher salt. I find it has a milder flavor but you could use table salt here. And then I'm just going to process just to mix this together. If you're making it by hand, just use a wire whisk or your hand to mix everything together. And then you will need 1 ½ cup which is 113 grams of I'm using unsalted butter and you want it cold. Really cold. And you want to cut it into small pieces. Now what I recommend doing is at least a half hour before you're going to make your pastry. And if I really think about it, I'll do it the night before. I cut it into these small cubes and then I just put it on plate like I have here. I put it with plastic wrap and put it into the fridge and get it nice and cold. But you know you could just do it about a half hour or even if you don't have that much time, you could just put it in the freezer for like 10 minutes to get it nice and cold. So then we're going to add this and then we're just going to process this until the butter gets into small chunks. Now if I was doing this by hand, I would use one of these pastry blenders. It's good just to, or you could use two knives or even your fingertips to do that. So I just pulse it. And as you can see, you can see the little pieces of butter in there. That's what you're looking for. I mean that was was that, I don't even think that was 10 seconds in the food processor. So really quick. And now we need some water to bind all the ingredients together. So what I've done here is just take a like a small cup, put some ice cubes in there and some water because you want that water really nice and cold. And you know, flour depending how it's stored, transported, it can absorb a different amount of water. So I'm going to say somewhere between two and four tablespoons of your water. I add two at the beginning. Now if you're doing this by hand, you could just add your water and then toss it with either your fingertips or just a fork. Now what we're looking for here is to just bind the ingredients together but not into a solid ball. And so that when we take a little between our fingertips, it will hold together. So I'm going to start with the two. And then I find with I just take a knife or a flat blade here. I find that the dough will clump right around the outside edge. So I just want to scrape that. And then I'm going to add about one more tablespoon because it's sprinkled it over the top and pulse a little more. Okay. So you can see here, I don't have. But still like, but when I go like this, see it holds together, that's what you're looking for. You don't want like a solid ball because you know, the more you, if you over process your pastry, it tends to be a little tough. So that's why you know, you don't want to handle it that much and we don't want a solid ball because of processing a little too much then. So now I've just got a piece of plastic wrap here. And I'm just going to dump right on here. And then just using the edges because your hands will warm up the pastry. So I'm just going to use plastic wrap. What I'm going to do is get it so it's mass here and then I'm just going to flatten it into a rounder because we're going to have to chill this and then we're going to roll it out. And I actually like to do it into a, form it into a fairly large circle because then I don't have to roll so much. So just do this and then wrap it up and then put it into your fridge. I find you know, maybe depending on how cold your fridge is, somewhere between you know, a half hour to an hour of course you could have it longer than that but usually it takes at least that. And then when we come back, we will roll out our pastry. Okay, so now we're ready to roll out our pastry. I do like to lightly flower the surface and on the, just lightly on the top of your pastry and then you will need a rolling pin and I lightly flower that. Now we will, you will need a nine inch, 23 centimeter pipe pan. I'm using metal, there's ceramic, there's earthenware, whatever your personal preference is. So now when you're rolling, you want to, and a roll from the center out. You want even thickness. Now I know pastry making if you are new to it, it is kind of tricky. You want it at that correct temperature, too cold and you will find it kind of rips, too soft and it sticks really. It just takes practice. So you know, if it's too soft, just wrap it up and put it back in the fridge. If it is a little hard, then just, I just use my rolling pin and just kind of bang it and that softens it. Just takes practice. But the good part is, even if it's not perfect, long as you can get it into the pipe pan, nobody's going to know once you put the filling in and the topping. And then just move your pastry around to make sure it's not sticking. And then you want to make sure it's even thickness. So if you have like a rippin, just put it together and kind of, you know, even up your edges. Just takes a little bit of practice. But even if it's not perfect, it still takes good. So what I do for the size, just take my turned upside down and like that. And I'm about right. So now, how I transfer it is I take my rolling pin and then I just roll it around the pastry around. Now, if you want, there's excess flour, take a pastry brush or you really just take your hand and kind of brush that off. And then just take your pie and unroll it over the top. And then don't pull your pastry when you're putting the piping. Just kind of push it down. Because if you pull it too much, then it tends to shrink. And we don't want that. Because if it kind of rips, just, you know, patch it up. You need a little water. Patch it up. That's fine. So I'm just gently pressing it down in just to make sure. It's nice. Okay. And then just, I just take my finger here and sew. And then now there's all different ways of doing your outside. Some people, if you like, lots of crust, they actually take the excess and fold it under itself. You can do that. If you're a pastry lover and like that outside crust, but what I'll just show you is, I just pat it all down like so. And then I just, you can do is just take a knife and then just go around and cut off your excess. So either way, if you want to tuck it under, tuck it, or you can do it this way. Just have a, just kind of slice it off like so. And then what I do, I mean, there's so many ways. You can just kind of press this down, take a fork, and just make a deck of design. What I do is take two fingers like this, that, and then take my thumb and kind of have a scallop, dig. That's my favorite. Just push all the way around. And that is our pie crust. And then what we're going to do is just cover it with plastic wrap. And because we worked it, it's a little soft. We're going to put it back into the refrigerator to get nice and cold. And when we come back, we will, we will make our streusel topping. So now we're going to make our either called a crumble topping or a streusel topping. So first, preheat your oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit, which is 190 degrees Celsius. And now if you are using a regular oven by that, I mean the heat comes from the bottom. Then what you want is your oven rack in the bottom third of your oven. If you're using a convection or a fan, you know, it's not so important. And so in it, I'm just going to make the streusel by hand in a large bowl. So you will need one cup, which is 130 grams of all-purpose flour. You may know that as plain flour. And of course, we need sugar. So I'm using a half a cup, which is 100 grams of, you know, firmly packed light brown sugar. And then just a pinch of salt, like just a few grains. And you know, crumble streusel typically has ground cinnamon. I just love that. And it goes so well with apples. So you will need one teaspoon, two grams of ground cinnamon. And then, you know, you can use a whisk. You can use your fingers. Actually, I'm going to use my fingers because that brown sugar tends to have lumps. And we just want to mix that together. And then I'm going to add six tablespoons, which is 85 grams of butter. You can use salted or unsalted. If you use a salted butter, just leave out that little pinch of salt. And you want it cold. And, you know, again, I put it, I cut it into small chunks. Especially when you're doing this, it makes it a lot easier than to cut your butter into your flour if it's in small chunks in one large block. So. And then I'm using this pastry blender. This is a great tool to cut the butter into the flour. You can use your fingers. You could use two knives and kind of cut whatever works best for you. But if you wanted to, I'm not, I'm just going to have these ingredients for my topping. And then just cut the butter in. You could add at this point some chopped nuts. You could add some rolled oats, you know, maybe you want to add something like that. Add more, like give it more, what I call it, hardiness or more texture. But I just like this, just pretty plain simple. So we just want to cut it in until it's crumbly and sonane crumble. Okay. Now, if you wanted to, you could do this, you know, the day before. If you want to, you know, cut down your workload of the day, you're going to make your pie. You could just make it and then cover it and store it in the fridge. Just, still want, you don't want, you want like coarse crumbs or, you know, some large chunks of butter is absolutely fine. I'm going to leave it right like that. Pretty simple. So now I'm just going to cover that. I'm going to put it back in the fridge. We'll put it in the fridge, keep it nice and cold. And when we come back, we will start our apple filling. So now for our apple filling, the first thing we need to do is to slice some apples. So you will need about two and a quarter pounds, which is one kilogram of a firm textured apple. So I find that's about four large. We want a firm texture. There's all different types. I'm using a granny smith. I'm actually using two types of apples, just a little side note. I find I like to use at least two different types of apples because I find that really gives your apple pie like a complexity of flavor. So today I'm using, I've used actually two granny smith and two apple or a honey crisp. You can use a braver and a jonna gold gala. There's all different types, whatever you really like. But what we want is when they bake, you want a firm textured so that they don't lose their shape and become all mushy. So now what we want to do is slice them so you need to peel, core slice. I'm going to show you how I do it. There's different ways. I just take my apple with a sharp knife and then cut in half and then I cut straight down on either side of the core here, like so, and across the bottom. And then using a paring knife, I just take it and cut off the peel and just do that for all of them. And actually I don't mind leaving a little bit of the peel on there and then just take your knife and do very, like, pretty thin, about an eighth of an inch, which is three, both three millimeter slices and just put them in a large bowl. Some people ask, I do use, they're kind of cool looking, nice bright colors. These are ceramic knives. People often ask what I'm using. They're a little unusual, but they're really nice. So it's putting a large bowl. And then what I'd like to do is because if you let apple slices sit too long, they do tend to brown, which is okay, but it just doesn't look as good. So I'm just taking one tablespoon of freshly squeezed lemon juice and that helps to prevent our apples from browning because we have to make, I'm going to make like, I guess you'd call this sauce a little different than a lot of rest space. But I find it really adds flavor to our apple filling. So that should be good. So now you will need a medium sized saucepan and we are something a little different here. We are going to take three quarters of a cup, which is 200 grams of, I'm using a, well, started out as a frozen apple juice concentrate that I've let, I've thought it out, become liquid form. And that, you know, I'm going to, when you add this to your apple filling, it really adds so much apple flavor, which I really like. So now if you couldn't, I mean, I find any grocery store sells it in your frozen section. If you couldn't find it, what you could do is just take some apple juice and I take at least double that amount and then just boil it down to concentrate that and, you know, that should do almost as good a job. So what I'm going to do is pour it into my saucepan and then we want to thicken that a little. So I'm adding two like scant tablespoons, 15 grams of cornstarch and I'm just going to whisk that in. Let me see that. And once I get all that, try to get the lumps, then I'm going to add a quarter of a cup, just 50 grams of firmly packed light brown sugar and also I'm going to add one tablespoon, about 15 grams of butter, kind of add a little bit of richness. So there I kind of whisk that in. And then we're going to heat this over medium heat. Just until it comes up to a boil and then we're going to cook it just whisking constantly. We're going to cook it a bit till it, so once it comes up to a boil, we're going to continue to cook and whisk until it becomes thick and quite clear and almost like a jelly. Okay, so as you can see, this is almost at a boil and so whisking constantly. As soon as it's already starting to get nice and clear, so watch this. Okay, I'm going to take that off. So this is what you're looking for, isn't that gorgeous, because it will continue to thicken. As you can see, just take it off the heat. So oh, it does look like caramel. I'm just going to plug that and then, so I'm just going to pour this over and toss it with my apples. And then when I come back, we're going to put all the pieces together and we're going to bake our apple pie. Okay, so that looks good. So I've got my chilled pie crust and always keep in mind. I'm using pretty tart tasting apples. So if yours are sweeter, you might want to cut back on that sugar. Feel free to do that. But you know, Granny Smith and Honeycrisp are fairly, they have a bit of a bite to them, which is my favorite type of apple. Okay, get all those juices. And, whoop. So what I want to do is just kind of even that out. Now I'm using a fan oven, so I have, you know, I can have my rack in the center. So what I did is I put a baking sheet, one rack underneath, just in case, you know, my pie tends to overflow the juices so that doesn't end up in the bottom of my oven. If you have a regular oven, then what you might want to do, I would do, is put my pie plate on a baking sheet because there's nothing worse than having to cut in your oven. Okay, so now I have that pretty evenly. And then I'm going to top it with my streusel or crumble, I should say crumble. And try to again get that evenly. So now what we're going to do, I find, as always, you know, everybody's oven is a little different. And I baked this for about somewhere between 40, 45 minutes, could be a little more than that, could be a little less. But what you're looking for is your streusel to get a beautiful, nicely brown, golden brown. And you will around the edges start to see some of the juices from the apples start to bubble. So that's kind of the, your test is that the juice is kind of bubbling around the edges. Is that that's for most pies? That's a great way of knowing that you've cooked your pie and that. So that looks good. So like I said, if you're, if you're using a regular oven, I would put my pie on a baking sheet. But I have my, like I said, baking sheet underneath. So around 40 could go up to 50 minutes. Okay, our apple crumble pie is ready. The juices are bubbling along the side. Another way you can tell your apple pie is ready to take a sharp knife and insert it down into the apples. You want them still firm, but you want the knife to be able to, you don't want them, the apples to be hard. So now what we want to do is let this cool completely. Because if we cut it while the apple pie is still warm, you will find the juices will all run. So what we want to do is as it cools, the juices will be, will be absorbed back into the apples. And then you won't have that problem. So I'm just going to let it cool on a wire rack and when we come back, we will cut a slice. So we're now ready to cut our pie. So just sharp knife. And cut it as big or as small as you'd like. Maybe I get this out. Okay, there we go. Oh, isn't that look gorgeous? You got the crust. You got that beautiful crumble topping, the slices and the pastry underneath. Oh, let's get a little bit of that crumble. Oh. Very nice. You got the pastry on the bottom, the apples, as you can see, they're still keeping their shape, but they're nice and tender. And then of course that stryusal topping is really nice. Plain or have it with some whipped cream, vanilla ice cream, try it. And until next time, I'm Stephanie Jaworsk, gave joybaking.com.