 Hey, what's up everyone? This is Eddie from Average Show Drinks. And I'm Vince and we're here to make drinks suitable for the average show. Just like my father intended when he spent the bulk of his life. He collected over 11,000 drink recipes. We're going to share some with you. That's right. So sit back and enjoy. Please try this at home. Do you got Eddie? All right. We are going to make some fall cocktails. Specifically an apple cider muscat meal. How to make an apple cider muscat meal. That's right. I mean, to me, we're at the fall time. It's actually getting a little cooler now. So you want some of those fall flavors and apple cider. And then we love muscat meals. So it was a figure of two great fall cocktails. And we're going to do three ounces of apple cider. We're going to do an ounce of vodka and an ounce and half of the gingerbread. Vince, I have two drinks here. Why? Well, if you want for me. Because you're my friend. Alright. So we're going to do the already poured in the apple cider in one ounce of vodka. Or drink. Did you make this up? Or is this something you found? Or is this... I mean, I know you guys love apple cider muscat meals. So I was looking for fall cocktails. And yeah, we do love muscat meals. So I figured when I saw the apple cider and muscat meal, I figured it made sense. What a great cocktail. So we're going to do an ounce and a half of ginger beer per drink. You can only choose whatever brand you like, but I found this one at fries. It's pretty inexpensive and it's actually really good. Jamaican. Alright, so we're going to garnish this traditionally muscat meal. It has a lime wedge. But since this is an apple cider, we went ahead and added that apple ring here. And one thing to note whenever you're doing dealing with apples, having citrus in there, or I should say soaking in citrus is going to prevent it from getting brown. Yeah, I'm turn brown. Yeah, they're from oxidizing. And this has been out for probably 45 minutes and it still hasn't turned brown. So that is an apple cider muscat meal, a great fall cocktail. There you go, Vince. Cheers. I love how the copper cups just... Yeah, the compensation on there is awesome. I feel like I'm going to poke myself in the eye with this thing. Oh, that's good, you know? Yeah, and we played around with the different ratios. You can put a little bit more vodka if you want. If you do, maybe an ounce and a half should be fine. But I really think getting that apple cider flavor coming through is really what it's all about. That's important. Yeah, I think you could probably get away with a little bit more ginger beer. I mean, how do you feel about ginger? Yeah, we did that. The problem is the more ginger beer you put in there, the more it took away from the apple. So that's kind of really why we kind of... And if you want a little bit more carbonation, maybe you can add a little bit of club soda. But the more ginger beer you put in there, the more it takes away from the apple. I got you. So there you have it. There is an apple cider muscat meal, a great variation on any fall. Cocktail. Cool. So, if you like what you saw today, we'd ask you do a couple things. You're on YouTube already. Give us a like. Subscribe if you haven't. We'd love to have you have some comments in there if you try this. If you have any other variations, there's so many different things you can do with Moscow meals. If you have something you like more or you've tried differently, write in the comments below. Let us know. And then please share. We want to get these awesome drinks out to as many people as possible. Sharing is caring. Sharing is caring. We have a blog at evershowdrinks.com, we're on Facebook at evershowdrinks. We tweet and snap, ish and Instagram kind of. Please try to responsibly and thank you for watching. Thanks for watching.