 Now this video is on how I lay blocks. And I laid it underneath this little loading dock porch type of thing. And I plastered them so you're not going to see them. I'm going to show you how I started job like this use of blockwork. Now we're going to lay block here. We already poured our footer. And the first thing you got to know about blockwork is nothing ever works out perfect. You got to adjust everything. This is out of square with that building. So I'm going to go square with this. And this is what I use to square my building out. Just get a piece of plywood like this. And this will put me 95 to 99% in where it should be in squares that are running around with the tape solid type. So now we're going to start lay our blocks out dry. And I'm mostly saying this for new guys that are worth starting out in this business. And any time you're going to build a building, best thing to do is lay it out dry. Because if you lay it out dry you can't make a mistake. Then you know your square or everything fits. And so all these blocks I put in are just sitting there dry. I got it squared with my square here. It's a very small building. That's how you start. Lay everything out dry you can't make a mistake. Now we went up, we're going up against the wall here and we got a cut of block. So it looks like around three inches. So we get over here and we just mark it three inches. And just keep doing that until you get a change in the sound of the block. You hear it change it. Put it up. Next step is I get my transit and I make sure that I'm totally level with the block all the way through. I have the guy look at it with the transit and I check all my corners. And then I know if I level or not. I'm laying my corner blocks first. And this section over here and my quarter inch low. So I'm going to bring this block up a quarter inch. And when you're doing this kind of work every Mason does it different. I usually have something to go off of. But in this case we're just putting it in. And then that kind of level into see where I'm at. That way. And this way. That's my quarter block. Now I got my line up. You can use these things or dogs we call them. Some people call them block holders. It depends on where you come from. That's my line. I'm going to follow that. This is my footer. I think it all like this. Like that. Right to the line. Up there at the beginning. You should level it this way. The little trick is to go like that and stays with the trolley. See it? I'm going to lay this quarter block and we got door wall down here. It's just a wire. Now we got our wall butter and we just take our corner block and we're right over the top like this. We're basically going to measure up eight inches from that block. A little high. That's we know how to hit the fan. And then we just level it this way. Level it this way. Because a lot of our blocks are not always square all the time. Then we know where we're at. Okay, we're going to lay it block here. This is the way I think when I do a block job. Every mason got their old style. There's no such thing as the right way and wrong way to do it. You butter your joints. Go like this and it'll stick and won't fall off. Then you go like that. Then you go like that. Get your block and put it in. Bring the front down to the line. You can just see the line. Then I scrape it. See how I scrape it? You got to scrape it off. Sometimes you got a little hole. You got to do what you got to do. If the block is sticking out, it's too high. A lot of different ways to think I'm block work. There's no certain way. That's the way how you do it. I have my line here. Here's my wire. What I'm going to do basically is just put it over my wire. Like that. I usually fill this hole right here. Do that. Then I go like that. And I put a block right in like that. Right even with the line on this side. You'll see you got a ledge here. Bring that ledge down until you're even. Then you know your block is even. And then when you cut it, you cut it like this. You don't like that. You cut it. A lot better videos out there probably on how to do block work. But if I have to do it this the way I do it. We got our corner level up like this. As they're building, we go sideways with our block to make sure they line up with the wall. And then you deal about laying blocks. Sometimes you got a big joint, a small joint, and a big joint. You have to adjust them. Block work is all about adjusting and brick work. That's why I always say you lay it out dry and you know where you happen. Sometimes you got to move them up a little bit, move them around before you finally fill them in. Every major has a different way of doing it. Why is it works out at the end? Everything's good. Now when you're raking out, you just get a raker or you can get even a piece of copper tubing and you just go like that. That'll strike it up for you. Then you just get a soft brush and go over like that. That's how you rake it up. But if you're working underground, you don't have to rake it up. I just always get the sponge and I just fill it in. This makes it look like there's no holes. That way when the owner comes and sees it, looks like a professional job.