 This week's feast. Deadpool chimichangas. This week I'm joined by Negasonic Teenage Ashley. Hello. I'm Jimmy Chonga. Nice. Because I'm not Deadpool clearly. Nice. I'm a big fan though. Yeah, you look good. I used to have chimichangas in high school. That was the first time I ever had one. Interesting. The chimichanga for a school lunch in Seattle, Washington. It was bad. So today we're going to flip the switch on it. We're going to make our own homemade chimichangas. Yeah, and though Deadpool doesn't actually eat one ever, he just like saying the name. He just talks about them the whole time. Jimmy Chonga, Jimmy Chonga, Jimmy Chonga, Jimmy Chonga. We're going to try to do him proud today. Yeah. With our chimichanga recipe. And maybe if you watch this, he'll actually want to eat it. He's totally will have a reason to keep talking about it. Yeah. Because this is legit. It's going to be good. So let's get started. Okay. Hey guys, Jimmy pool here. All right. You got me. I don't even like chimichangas that much. Just love saying the name. Wait. You're still here? All right, you hungry fiesters. Here's a homemade recipe my good friends over on YouTube came up with. It's a real scorcher. Every good chimichanga needs a salsa. At least that's what I read on the internet. So I'm going to use some cilantro, tomatoes, diced onions, lemon juice, and some salt and pepper. Hmm. There's something wrong with it. What if I just... Ah. Much better. Throw all these ingredients into a bowl and give a stir. Salsa. Gosh, that was easy. I hope the rest of the recipe is this simple. Oh, right. Onto the guacamole. Green. Like the green screens we used in the movie. A lot of them. Uh, yeah. Just cut little cubes out of this green thing, spoon it out into a bowl, add some green onions, more lemon juice, and use a fork. Or a mashy thing, until it looks like this. Man, the power of editing. I didn't have to do any work at all. Ooh, time for the filling. My favorite part of a chimichango. Which I really don't like. Did you get that part yet? Anyway, saute some onions and corn and throw in some shredded rotisserie chicken or whatever meat you heathens like to eat these days. Last things, a bunch of Deadpool red taco sauce, then mix it up and bring it all over to the tortilla. Spread some of those delicious looking beans as a bottom layer, sprinkle with cheese to cover the fact that it looks like poo, add on your filling, and do your best to roll it up, and not look like the idiot at Chipotle that tore your burrito the last time you went. I'll get you next time, Gerard. How dare you tell me I put too much in my burrito. Heat up some frying oil to 350 degrees Fahrenheit and add your chimichang in. Careful you don't splash any on your skin, unless you want to start looking with my face. It's not pleasant. Smells bad, too. Okay, chimichang is done. Can't leave this stupid voice over already. Oh, right. Look at them decorating this burrito with all their ingredients, all fancy-like. It's not like they're covering up for a really simple recipe or anything. Ah, look. It's the chimichang guy don't really care about, but totally thums up a comment about below the video. Look, it's not like I'm a total eagle maniac. I just like it when people pay a lot of attention to me and not other lame-o superheroes. Makes sense, right? While we're on the topic, couldn't you have put my face or something on the chimichang at the very least? No? Fine. I'll just go watch nerdy nummies instead. Chichika. Chia. Chairs. Ooh, this looks good. I gotta go bigger, go home, huh? I guess I'm gonna have a nice time if I forget the mine. Mmm. Yeah. Dang, this is good. Okay, this is all good, go. You got it. Just all over. Mmm. This is so good. Fry a burrito. You gotta give me Chongo. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Yeah. You actually add them to Mark of approval? Correct. We're on Prometexas. They're the best. And not only that, but I've never made one before until now. Mmm hmm. This is wonderful. Yeah, really easy to- It's like way better than talk is. And way better for you. I mean, anything fried, right? Yeah, it's the healthiest thing you could ever put in your body. Fortunately, for Deadpool, you can eat whatever you want in a polar forever. Mmm hmm. Us, however, I might have to cover that half of Jimmy Chongo. Hey, my luck's a wrap, please. Oh my goodness. The key ingredient, how could we forget? Right, hot sauce always. And- Oh my god. Don't give me that much. And you know it's so good, because I normally only take light to bite something. Jimmy Chongo gets an A in my book. That was so good. That was delicious. In fact, I never eat leftover feasts, but I won't be taking this one in the evening. Yeah. Deadpool loves saying Jimmy Chongo, but he's a trillin' out sometimes. You can make it like this. Oh my goodness. Oh, so you don't- This looks it. This looks so pretty. Yeah. That was a good feast. Thanks for suggesting it. Don't forget to keep suggesting things in the comments below. Yep. We'll see you next time. Don't forget to subscribe. Bye.