 Alright guys we're here at the clinic Dr. Simon Luser at Gwainer Production Center. She's doing a trans-urban examination on the dog. We're gonna watch the procedure and now we'll talk to Dr. Luser. So she's inserting the rod for the endoscope. That's the father to be outside. He's like let me in there. I can do it way faster. She's actually got a very tight cranium to try and open. Just let her know. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. There we go. There's her. There we go. We're in. This is actually the tube and this is our cervix right around here. So now what are we doing? Now we're putting on the semen that we collected and we're putting that into. We're putting on the semen right here. Now it looks white because we got it with the extender and it's going directly into the cervix. Right into the uterus. Now we're gonna get a little flow back because this is a natural collection. So it's a high volume. Wow. Alright Shannon, so tell us a little bit about yourself. While I'm at Narin Reproduction Specialist, we do a lot of E-cline reproduction work and dog reproduction work. E-cline stuff we do embryo transfers, we do semen, dog stuff we do frozen semen, and the trans-ermic simulation. Okay, so you guys do the frozen semen or do you need it certified by AKC? Certified by the AKC. And the trans-ermic is best for frozen semen. If you have a really low volume that goes in and you have to use trans-ermic for frozen. And then depending on other situations, we'll use a fresh ejaculate or coolant shift as well. But that way you know it's going directly into the uterus. And the only other way to achieve that is with a surgical incimation, which is very invasive. Wow, you know a lot about this. Where did you go to school for this? I went to University of Florida at the veterinary college and did a residency there, so I'm worth certifying. Uh-huh. Wow. Wow, it's very impressive. Well, thank you Kelly. Alright you guys, well thanks a lot. I love you guys. You're great friends. You're a great vet. And I'll see you guys soon. Bye now. Let us know your results.