 The internet can be a very tough place. I think I'll make a whole, basically, a Filipino breakfast room. Which I'll put in. A couple years ago, I was invited by TastesMade to go to the US and shoot some cooking videos. For someone from the Philippines, that was such a huge deal and I was so excited. I arrived there just planning to be the absolute best taste maker I could be and just say yes to everything and be really friendly to everyone. And everyone there was absolutely great. One of the recipes I had to do was the hawk. I'm going to teach you how to make the Tahoe. And this is where the story starts. We did a Tahoe recipe which is now infamously famous on the internet. It just did 100,000 views on TastesMade but it did 100,000 pissed off views on TastesMade. Those pearls are way undercooked. I'm white as hell and I know that. ULUL pretentious. Wab mong babuyin ang Tahoe. I get that it's good and that he's passionate about cooking but god damn he sucks at it. That's just to give you a slight taste of what was said about me on both YouTube, Twitter and Facebook. People made it their absolute mission to tear me to bits because I did not cook the whole properly. And I admit to that and I've always admitted to it but you don't know the back story. When I was there shooting we just had an hour left and in the US they take time extremely seriously and schedules very seriously. So I had to cook the whole in one hour. The problem was the Sago was not cooked. The ones we had were the ones that you had to cook on multiple hours. And we didn't have that time so we decided to just roll with it. And this was the result. Within the first frame you can tell the pearls are completely undercooked. If you look at my face I look really pissed off and kinda awkward. Let's skip through it. So some people said my Arnibal was not dark enough. Sure. I don't like really serrpy stuff but okay. Next one I'll do will be very proper, nice and dark. And here come the infamous Sago pearls. They're absolutely undercooked. And I am stuffing hard and tofu because they couldn't find silken tofu. And I'm just stuffing it in the glass. Like an idiot because I didn't want to offend anyone. I didn't want to not do this rest of the because it was part of the schedule. It looks terrible. It looks terrible. Okay I have to stop it. I'm cringing. Alright! I f***ed up guys. I'm so langa co. Alright? Like it happens. It just so happens that this is super public. And it just really, some people just threw me so much hate and shade for this. And you know what? Fine. I did it wrong but some of this was really aggressive and really painful. Like I feel people thought that I should die because I ruined the whole. That's a little extreme. So you know what? I decided to do the whole again. So let's recreate that. Let's recreate that situation where I didn't have the proper ingredients. And what I should have done here instead is said, let's do it tomorrow. Let's do the recipe tomorrow because we don't have time. What if we have the time to do it properly? How do you do it? Really nice. So you make the R&B from scratch. For example, you make sure it's the right color, the right consistency depending on who you are. You make sure you cook the sugo properly. Right? And it's nice and transparent. There's no white part inside. And why not go the extra mile by making the tofu or the silken tofu from scratch, from soybeans? So let's look and break down the hook. Here is one I recently bought on this street. You look at the caramel syrup if you will or the caramel water. It's not super thick. It's nice and dark but it's nice and liquid. You do have a caramelized sugary burnt sugar kind of flavor. So the way I think I'm going to do this is just have that ratio of brown sugar to water. Extremely high. And making sure that if it cooks down really, really, really long gets really dark. Add some water just to kind of like liquefied a little bit. The sugo pearls are black. And the tofu should just squash in your mouth. So how do we make tofu from scratch? Well, you take some soybeans, soak them overnight, grind them up in a blender. Then you've got this white pasty mix with lots of water. You take some sort of cheese sauce, put everything inside you press it. You should get fresh soy milk. Once you have that, there are multiple ways of getting the consistency of tofu. A lot of it has to do with chemicals. The most popular one that's used is gypsum. Gypsum that's edible but that's still not really good for you. The second way is to use gelatin. The problem with gelatin is that most of the whole is served warm or hot. And the issue with that is that might actually break up. So I've come to conclusion after a lot of research that I need to be using some Epson salt. And hopefully that works out. So that's my game plan. I'm going to try to make a proper legit original toho and the only element that I won't be making myself is the Suggle Pearls from scratch. But for that to happen guys, I feel like both of you, Sairo, Maan, you guys need to go. Because this is my personal journey, not yours. Alright, first things first, we need some fresh soybeans, which we're then going to soak overnight with some water. Two parts of water, one part of sovi. So we're going to boil one liter of water, then boil this to go 15 minutes. We're going to rinse in some cool water, cool down, soak it overnight, then cook it down again for 10 minutes tomorrow. Then we're going to soak it until the white disappears, and it's ready to use. Day two. I have my sigle balls here, but they seem to be not thoroughly cooked. So as per package instructions, I'm going to make sure to detach them a little bit, and then I'm going to boil them for an additional 15 minutes. Okay, since the package instructions haven't really been working out for us, I boil it a bit longer, maybe 15 minutes longer than the, so you just have 10 minutes. And the result is an almost clear, not really a ball anymore, and kind of disintegrated. So I'm just going to wash this in some water, and see if we still get some nice, kind of like, spherical shapes out of this. Alright, so this is the finished result. I'm going to go ahead and wash this a couple more times, just to make sure that I get nice balls like this, and remove kind of all that excess gelatin that's come out. And then I'm going to leave this again in some new water for about three hours in the fridge. Alright, so we've got about two and a half cups of freshly made soy milk. I tried as much as possible to remove that foam, because I don't think that's going to help us get that silky texture that we want. So to that, I'm going to add just half a teaspoon of Epsom salts. And then you wanted to solve this really gently without agitating the mixture too much. So you place everything in a pot here, and then we're going to fill that up with some hot water. Cover it with a piece of cloth, cover it, bring that up so you don't set your kitchen on fire, and then turn the fire on. While waiting for all that to cook, let's check first of all how long that's going to take. It should take about 10 to 15 minutes to kind of cook down. I wanted to get to texture of like a custard on this, and then after that, we're going to basically take it out, and then leave it 10 minutes out at room temperature, and then yeah, and that's ready. So basically, hopefully those sigoballs will be done. All right, it's been 10 minutes, and this has not worked at all. Now what we're looking for, so we'll try again. All right, that didn't work out. It was too curdled. It kind of reminds me of what a firm tofu would look like, so definitely I want. So this is a 10 number two. Okay, I'm going to double strain this one just to be sure I don't get anything unwanted in there. All right, secondary approach is we're going to bring our soy milk to a boil to about 60 degrees Celsius, and then we're going to take it off the fire. Okay, second attempt, cooked tofu goes in strained. Then I'm going to stir in half teaspoon of Epsom salt that's been diluted in about 15 ml of water. And I'm going to stir this really vigorously for about five seconds, and then I won't touch it anymore. Don't touch it, and then cover it. Some did tight the moment at this point simply because it wasn't solidifying, so we left it in the fridge. Hopefully it'll turn out all right, and mom's back today, so we'll document all that until literally right in front of me there. Yes, there's Korea. So last time we saw each other, I was in the supermarket, and I told you that our experiment was still undecided, and I was too frustrated to continue with it simply because I was all alone shooting it, and I kept having to shoot and try things out and experiment, and it was just taking too long. Last update was from putting the making the soy bean milk, adding the Epsom salt, and putting it in, it didn't get hard right away, so I had to put it in the fridge to make sure that hopefully it's set a little bit overnight. And guess what? Months back! It was up, what was that? All right, so, um, couple things, number one. So the Sago is fully, fully, fully, absolutely fully cooked right now, but look how it got white again, which is really weird. So it got white again in the fridge, but they're completely cooked like I can actually crush the whole thing with my hand. So I think the only thing I need to do now is kind of boil it a little bit more again just to get it nice and warm so that it gets translucent once more. But as you saw yesterday, that was already achieved. It was completely transparent. So number one thing cooked the Sago properly, brrrr, achieved. So I did two versions because I was getting really frustrated. I did one, let's see how all this turns up. This was the first experiment. I think the problem here was there was way too much Epsom salt, but the thing is now this I actually, I can actually pan fry and cook it. And it tastes like tofu. The second thing I did, so this was the one with Epsom salt and a little bit, no just Epsom salt actually. This is the one, only Epsom salt. You can see how the foam kind of just made it a little wrinkly, but the texture seems okay. Like a little not too hard, nice and soft. I feel like if I turn this around and then cut it with my little spoon, this should work out just fine. The second version I did just in case something went wrong with this version because I wasn't sure if this was really going to set or not. So I took this, which is a fresh batch of soy milk, which I had, and I just made it with gelatin. See, so it's nice and smooth, nice and soft, and if I break it, man like that, that's a nice kind of silky texture. But I feel like that's cheating because I'm not sure the whole vendors use tofu or soy milk gelatin. That's delicious though. Or if they use the Epsom salt. So I feel like we're going to use the Epsom salt version one because it's slightly more authentic, it's slightly thicker. But at least you know, if you don't have access to Epsom salt, magnesium chloride and all those things, you can actually make a quick version with gelatin and gelatin is really easy to use. Boil some soy milk up to, I don't know, 60, 65 degrees Celsius, add in some gelatin, let it cool down, check it in the fridge overnight. And the next date, you got something nice and jiggly. Nuh-nuh-nuh-nuh-nuh, kidding, should you give it. Let's compare the tofu. Option one, option two. So this is what we're looking for. I don't remember ever sheen to hold this. This is actually not bad, you have a nice creamy texture. Both of them are quite good, but I think this is the more authentic one. Last but not least, we have our Arnibot caramel. Nice and thick, if you want to kind of make this a little less thick, then you can go ahead and add more water if you want to. All our elements are ready, so let's put it all together. I feel like this is my apology to the world. Guys, all it takes is perseverance. If you really do believe in something, go after your dreams, make those changes. You know, just accept your failures. I failed into the whole video, I accepted it. So now it's all about making amends and making one properly, and I just did that. And it's absolutely delicious. That is good to all. And to prove to you that it is, I'm going to give my friend Mon here with the whole one. He's going to try this. I love the hot bro. I grew up in Baguille, but I love the hot bro. It's delicious though. It's good. It's a good boy's. How's your Arnibot? Super sweet, that's all. You're all in it man. I love you. Oh my God. I've never dreamed of getting so much dough in my life. Peace out guys. I love you. To those who supported me, thank you. To those who criticize me. Thank you very much. You make me a better person. Peace out. Subscribe. You