 Today, we are going to learn how to perform a spiritual egg cleansing to open all doors in your life, bring new opportunities, and get rid of bad luck. This is a simple yet powerful procedure which can remove negative energies, clean your aura, and eliminate blockages. You can do it if you are having nightmares, insomnia, or unexpected accidents and problems in your life. You are about to start a new project, business, or career paths. You need a deep cleansing in your life to get rid of all negativity, witchcraft, or black magic that someone might have put on you. And especially, if you have a feeling that your paths are blocked. To perform this cleanse with egg, you will need at least two eggs, one white candle, one glass of water, salt, first light the white candle and let it burn while you do the cleanse, preferably until it extinguishes by itself. Now, you must start cleaning from the head while you begin to pray the Lord's Prayer, asking that all the evil you carry is absorbed by the egg. Comely rub the egg all over your body from head to toe. Once you finish, break it inside a glass full of water so you can look and find what's wrong. What to look for in the egg? Usually, the yolk will go to the bottom when breaking the egg on the water. If it stays in the middle or goes up, this is a sign that there are problems and some person is doing some evil work against us. Some things you can find are, many bubbles come out surrounding the yolk or they shoot upwards. This is the negative energy that is making you feel tired, dizzy, or weak. If you see any type of figure, whether a person's shape, animal, or object in the yolk, that is the object of your concern. You must analyze if you have dreamed of this figure or have a problem with this person right now in your life. If you can see pointy shapes coming up in the form of needles, these are the envious people who put these negative energies in your way and don't want you to do well. If there is a coat that covers the yolk, this is a sign of someone that is constantly bothering you and provoking you. The egg cleanse should cast away the evil that they are sending your way. Red and black spots on the yolk can point to diseases. Pay attention to these warnings. When someone feels that they have the evil eye, the egg becomes cloudy, grey, and sometimes black. You will also see many needles and bubbles. Downspikes indicate that you must control yourself. You have a lot of resentment that you have not yet accepted. When you have headaches or discomforts all over your body, it is very common that performing the egg cleanse will make those disappear. This happens because the negative energies accumulate and have no way out. Whether you are wanting to start a new project, business, or if you are feeling burdens, I recommend you perform a cleanse with egg. Keep in mind that one day before doing the ritual, you should also perform a spiritual cleansing of your home. For the cleansing to be powerful and effective, it is not recommended that you use plastic cups. Also, do not use a refrigerated egg. If it is in the refrigerator, take it out four hours before cleaning. Once you finish, add salt and drop it into the toilet bowl. Then let it go with the water. Thanks for watching and magical blessings!