 My name is Larry Gower and I'd like to welcome you to Mary's Greenhouse today. I'm going to talk to you about how to take care of your point set up once you get it up. The point set up is a native of Mexico and it was discovered by the first ambassador to Mexico and his name was Joel Pointset, which is where the name point set came from. And since the point set is a tropical plant, you want to do a few things to help ensure success in the hunt. Number one is light. You need to have your point set in a location where it will get as much light as it can possibly get. It doesn't like to be in an area where there's blinds, poulders, shear cartons in front of the plant. You need to give it as much light as you can give it. As you can see, in a greenhouse, they get a lot of light. So light is a critical thing. The other thing that's important is you don't want to over water or underwater your point set up. Now, when your point set up feels dry to touch, that's when you want to give it water. Most point set us that you buy today will come either in some type of a decorative hat or they'll have foil around them. Either one of those items do not allow excess water to drain out of the plant. So when you have your point set up and it does need water, all you need to do is just simply lift it out of the foil. Set it into a sink and water it thoroughly. That's the other thing. You need to water thoroughly. For an average size point set up, that's probably a cord or a 1.5-a-half of water. Leave the plant set in the sink and after it's done draining, then you can go ahead and put it right back into the container. We'll keep any water from dripping out on the furniture. But again, the most important thing is do not water with these covers on because if you put too much water on, the water collects in the bottom and in the roots will rot. And this can happen very quickly. Now, as far as other things that a point set up likes, it doesn't like to be anywhere where there would be a cold draft like near a door. Or they don't really like to have a warm draft like where a heat duct is blowing heat up on them. So if you give them plenty of light, you don't let them have cold drafts or hot drafts. And you make sure that you have the plant watered properly and again, allowing it to set in the sink and drain before you put it back in this decorative cover. You shouldn't have any problem at all with having your point set up to last for several months. And I want to invite everybody. We've got a beautiful selection of point seters here at Mary's Greenhouse. And a lot of different novelty colors that you don't see other places. So stop by. We're here to help you. And we've got a beautiful crop of point set as we can set. Thank you. You