 Hi guys and Laura Vitale in today. I want to show you very quickly how to make your very own instant vanilla pudding mix. I meant to share this with you throughout the holiday season but I just didn't have enough days. I wasn't enough time to share with you everything I wanted to share. So I figured I might as well share with you anyway because it was something that was really highly requested and we even had a pudding all year and you can make so many different things with it and when you have this mix on hand, I mean it's just so incredibly easy. You're going to absolutely love it. The ingredient you need are not very many. What you need is some low fat dry milk powder. Whatever I have here are the seeds from one vanilla bean which I just scraped out of this little guy right here. We're going to add a sugar cornstarch and there's also a pinch of salt in there and that's all you're going to need to make the actual dry mixture. I'm also going to show you how to take the mix and turn it into vanilla pudding which is very easy. Now what I like to do is I like to take my cornstarch and I do like to sift it. I like to sift my cornstarch and my sugar because I want to make sure that there are no lumps. You see these lumps right there? I want a very, very smooth mixture. So I like to just pass these through a sieve. Ooh, look at that powder. Just like that. And then you add your dry milk powder and your vanilla beans. Now you can make, I usually make a double batch because I like to have it on hand because when you, I mean you can add this to cookies, you can add vanilla pudding, you can make vanilla pudding and use it for custard pies. You can just make so many different things with it. That's why I like to make usually a double batch but this will make quite a bit. And as you'll see for just with just a little bit of the dry mixture, we're going to be able to make a good amount of vanilla pudding. You can see the vanilla beans are running through it really nicely. You'll probably do a much better job at incorporating it better but when you go to store this in an airtight container because this you'll want to store in an airtight container in your pantry for a while. I mean this will last months. What I like to do is I like to take the bits and pieces of my vanilla bean, I like to chop it up into little pieces and store that right in there because that vanilla bean will infuse your mixture so, so beautifully. Now let me show you how to take this mix and turn into vanilla pudding. For two cups of milk, you are going to need a half of a cup of this mixture. This is what I do. Take two cups of milk, add that two saucepan, then you just take a half a cup of your mixture, trying to take the vanilla bean with me. Look at all the seeds. Am I right or am I right? Then you just whisk it like so. Then you just put this on the stove top and you just cook this on about medium heat stirring constantly for just a few minutes or until it thickens enough that resembles vanilla pudding. Now what I also have here is vanilla extracts because it is optional but I really like the vanilla flavor bumped up a few notches. Once this thickens I'm going to add a little bit of vanilla extract to my vanilla pudding even though there are vanilla seeds in there. Vanilla beans in there because I like just that very deep pure vanilla flavor. So I'm just going to keep my eye on this, keep it whisking, keep it moving and I'll show you what it looks like when it's there. I have vanilla pudding is nice and thick. I'm going to add just one teaspoon of vanilla extract just to really bump up that vanilla flavor and that is it. You can serve it hot because I love hot vanilla pudding or you can serve it more traditionally. You put it in the fridge for a few hours until it's completely cooled and then I like to just pass this through a sieve just to make sure that there are no lumps, nothing like that because sometimes it can happen. You know, that is how you make instant vanilla pudding at home for a fraction of the price because you can make this whole thing a big batch of this for not very much money at all and it is incredibly good and so useful to have on hand. I can't wait to lick this spoon. Now if you're wondering, well normally when I make vanilla pudding out of the box, it's a lot darker and sort of pale yellow in color. You can add color, you know, mixed to this or you can add a couple of egg yolks to this but you don't need to. This is exactly how it should be. I love it so much. All I want to do right now is just dunk my face in it because it's so good. I want to just drizzle this over berries and go to town. Absolutely delicious. Tastes so much better. You are going to love having this recipe on hand. Let me know down below what other sort of DIY homemade things that you would like to see here at Larian and Kitchen because I'm trying to compile a nice big list so that I can be your go-to pantry girl for whatever your heart does on here. Good Larian and Kitchen Uncompton, the guzzar recipe and breakdown of everything. I hope you enjoy spending time with me and I will see you next time. Bye.