 Experiment number three is grilled cheese. So the book actually comes with a recipe that uses mozzarella sticks inside your grilled cheese. And if you're looking for healthier eating, I just don't like that smart. So I sprayed my trays with some cooking spray, a butter cooking spray. You can get it anywhere. And I also sprayed the underside of my bread with the spray. Put a couple pieces of cheese on just so you can see how much the trays hold. This is white bread. This is 15 whole grain bread. I mean, three sandwiches on each one. That's not bad. Plus you have another tray. It comes with three trays. So I put the cheese on. I am going to top the bread and then spray it again with the butter cooking spray. So this is the butter cookers cooking spray. I'm using today. I think I got this at all days, but any store sells it. I'm going to lightly spray the top of my bread. My kitchen's getting a little oily doing this stuff. I just want this to kind of toast up and brown up and I don't want to use a lot. I have to clean the stove now. So I'm going to put the bigger ones in the top because like we said before, oops, backwards. The top cooks a little bit faster than the bottom. I don't want it that far up. Wait, let me. Okay, turn that light back on. So this one we're going to put up here. I might rotate these. But we'll see how they go. I think I'm just going to use the French fry setting on this. I don't know that there's a grilled cheese setting. So let's start with now. Let me move this down one more. I want some space in between there. Yeah, let's use French fry 400. And let's see how that cooks for a little while. It's been in for about five minutes. I just kind of want to check the top because I can't see it. See if it help. Don't do that kids. Don't don't do this kids. I just want to see if it's brown. Okay, so it helps if you're prepared with your pot holder when you play this game. But it's only been in for five minutes and that is browning up really nicely. I really want to see what the underside looks like. So let me grab a spatula. You can see the cheese is a little brown on that one. I like burnt cheese, but we'll say I went to flip that and I see that the top is quite browned and the bottom is not. So these absolutely 100% have to be flipped. This was the top rack. That's the bottom rack. Let me feel. Yeah, it's getting toasty, but it's still yellow. So I'm going to flip these only give it a few minutes. On the same, you know, the one up top. I'm not going to rotate the trays this time and see how it goes. So it's only been two more minutes, but I really want to check this top one because it was really brown before. Yeah, that's kind of toasty. I'm going to rotate my trays. So my white bread gets to the top for a little while and see if that makes a difference. So it's been 10 minutes and this definitely looks a lot better and it's starting to brown up better. We're going to have to flip this. My thoughts right now is this is more like a toasted cheese sandwich, more than a grilled cheese sandwich. But if you're looking for healthier, I honestly don't think that that's a bad thing. Of course, it'll be better once we taste it. And yeah, this is this is not browning as much. Still toasting though. So I, you know, I'm still happy with it. So it's been one more minute and I really want to check these. Oh, yeah, they're browning up nicely only after a minute. So I'm going to say 10 minutes, but you have to flip them and rotate the trays if you're doing more than one tray. But honestly, that's one, two, three, that's six sandwiches in 10 minutes. That's not bad. I'll come back and let you know if it's a grilled cheese or if it's a toasted cheese, I'm on the fence. Okay, the final verdict is it was toasted very, very nicely. But I did not use enough cheese. Typically, when I used to make grilled cheese, I would use a couple slices of an American. And then some kind of shredded cheddar mozzarella, I would mix cheeses and I did not do that this time. I just used three slices of American on each sandwich. So I'm going to have a do over on this. And I'm going to use more cheese as requested, but the texture was really nice. It is more like a toasted cheese, but still delicious. And I think a little bit healthier than if you buttered the bread and fried it. That's my verdict. Say yeah.