 Welcome to Archal's Spector everybody. My name is Arthur and today I'm going to show you how to make your own mosquito repellent candles. So what are you going to be needing for this project is an old pot. You're going to need some shortening, some candles, some long candles, some candle jars. Of course you can use a lot of things you can use. You can use old glass jars. As well as if you burn candles yourself, you can save the container for that and use it for this project. If you don't, you can always ask your friends and family if they do and save the jars for you to use it for this. And then of course you're going to be needing some essential oils. Now I want to be using Eucalyptus, peppermint, tea tree and lemongrass oils. Of course there are a lot of different oils that repellent mosquitoes to choose from, like citronella, clove, laminar. So it depends what you like. So those are going to be ones I'm going to be using today. So the first thing we're going to do is set the stove at a low heat. Put on top of there. Let me start spooning in some of the shortening in. Just let that melt. So once that's almost down, which is going to take that long, you can add in your essential oils. I like the mix up some of the sense from mine. So for this one, I want to be using Eucalyptus and peppermint. And depends on how strong you like your candles. I like to put about 10 drops each into mine. Just drop that in there. Now we can pour the shortening into the candle holders. So guys are careful because it's still hot oils. Let me just set that aside and let it cool down. All those have cooled down. You can stick the candles in. And the last one in. And there you go. You got your mosquito repellent candles. Now these candles do burn for quite a bit of time and they work great. So be sure to make a few of these. Bring these on your next camping trip or pick them outside and you'll be able to keep those mosquitoes away. So hopefully you found this video helpful. If you did, hit that like button, comment, tell me what you think about these. And hope to see you here next time. Alright, bye. Hey, you just want to give a special thanks to my sister who provided all the candle holders as well as a lot of the wax. She also has her own channel the Empire Day. So be sure to click on that link there and check it out where she does a lot of videos on journaling, meddury, craft, natural beauty. So a lot of great videos. So be sure to check that out. And again, thanks for watching and see you guys next time. Bye.