 Hi everybody, Lady Liberty Stacker here. I just want to give you a demonstration of how I season my cast iron cookware. This can be applicable on a first coat, second coat, third coat, or fourth coat. You follow the same procedure every time. I use a Crisco to actually season. I use sellers. Actually, that's all you can get. Shop towels, they are like a lint-free paper towel that's more like cloth. You can get this at Home Depot or at Lowe's, but Home Depot, the price is a little bit better. Then I use an old T-shirt, you know, cut up to spread my Crisco on. This is used basically to wipe it off. Then I have an oven mitt which is heat-resistant. I believe up to like 500 degrees. I also sometimes will use this to rub the seasoning on. I have set the oven at 200 degrees. If you have a gas oven, you want to make sure the oven completely heats up to 200 degrees first before you put any skillets in. I do have my skillets in. You can see here's a lodge that I'm putting the third coat on. Here's an old vintage griswold, an old vintage Wagner number nine, then putting a third coat on that I stripped completely down to the metal and removed the rust, etc. So these guys are in there heating up, but you would not add any skillets at all if you have a gas oven until it's at least 200 degrees because I guess the vapor in gas ovens can cause flash rust on your cast iron. You don't want that to happen. Okay, so right now I'm letting it warm up to 200 degrees for 15 minutes. Set the timer. It's already been gone, but I set the timer for 15 minutes. And the idea is to open up the pores in the cast iron so you can apply the seasoning. So we're going to let that sit in here and we're going to wait until the timer goes off and we're going to go ahead and apply our seasoning. So I will be back. Okay guys, I am back. My beeper went off and I've just seen two of the skillets and I'm going to go ahead and season the third one because it's basically the same thing. This is my Griswold. As you can see these old vintage skillets are a light easier to handle. I did my lodge first and that 12 inch lodge was very very very heavy. But what I do is I take my rag and take a liberal amount of Crisco and go ahead and do the inside of the pan first. I have a heat resistant silicone heat pad on underneath that works out great for my seasoning. It's really just a hot pad for cast rolls and such. But anyway I put on a liberal amount of seasoning here. Crisco. Crisco has worked the best. I've used the flaxseed oil, cold pressed natural organic, but the stuff is expensive and the smoke point is higher and this works much more effective. Now I go ahead and take two shop towels, fold them and then you can when they're used up like so, you can just fold them over and you've got a clean surface to work from. But now I'm going to wipe it all off. So it soaks in the pores of the pan so you're still getting a thin layer of oil, but it won't pull and gel on in the oven when you're cooking the seasoning on it. So I just wipe it all off. There's a very thin amount that remains and it'll look kind of like so. So make sure to wipe it all off. Now I'm going to go ahead and turn it over. I'm going to liberally season the back, get in all the nooks and crannies. This has a heat ring to it and it's got little nooks and crannies around the handle and it's going to get it all in there real good. Get a little bit more. Now these are so light that I can pick them up with one hand and I can apply the seasoning that way. And I do the inside of the skillet first because if I did the outside it would be you know this silicone pad would make in prints on it and I wouldn't want that. That'll bake in that way. Now I'm going to go ahead and wipe it all off as you can see and make sure to get everything off. Even on the logo part we want people to be able to see that if I eventually sell this one. I don't know what I'm going to do. Honestly I love this stuff. I've been collecting it. But anyway yeah you're going to see how the seasoning is coming off the extra seasoning. So I'm going to go ahead and wipe it all off. And we're going to put it back in the oven when we're done and we're going to turn our oven up to 300 degrees and set the timer again for 15 minutes and allow it to start to season but not until it reaches its smoke point. The smoke point on this is approximately 400 degrees and I go a little over that to get it to carbonize onto the pan. It forms a solid surface with the molecules and the chemical reaction with it is kind of neat. So now what I'm going to do is I'm going to put this back in the oven like so and there it is. So we're going to put it back in the oven. Okay and now I'm going to turn the camera around so you can see I have to turn my oven off, turn it back on again. It goes to 350 automatically. I'm going to turn it back down to 300 set the timer for 15 minutes. It doesn't matter if it's not at 300 for 15 full minutes. It just you know starts the seasoning process but where you can still wipe up excess oil that you got in the pan with the initial seasoning that way you don't you know put too much on. So okay so I will be back for the final wipe down. Okay guys now that the 15 minutes is up at the 300 degrees my timer went off so I need to turn off the timer and go ahead and take out my skillets to wipe off the final seasoning and the first one I will do is the lodge. It is very very heavy. That's why I like to vintage stuff because it's just a lot easier to handle. Okay so here we go. We're going to go ahead and change my mitt to my left hand and go ahead and wipe off the seasoning here. It looks pretty good so far but sometimes it just kind of pulls and you don't want it to bake on your skillet that way and do the inside. This one doesn't appear to be too bad and whoops just grab that. Anyway I'm going to go ahead and put that one back in the oven and I will be right back with the final one so hang on just a moment. Okay guys I am back. I just seasoned the second skillet and now this one is the third. Not wiped it off I mean not seasoned this you just apply it once before you put it in or after you leave it in the 200 degree oven for 15 minutes and then you put it in and let it bake at the 315 minutes and then you wipe it off wipe it off before you put it in at 300 degrees and wipe it off after you take it out after the 15 minutes at 300 degrees so here it is. This is a Wagner Wear number nine. I think it was brass plated or nickel plated or something because it has a strange coating on the back which the inside doesn't have just looks like all my other cast iron but the back has it. Nevertheless it's a good cooker and I'm going to go ahead and change the mitt. This one is a little heavier and then go ahead and put it back in the oven. I have all the seasoning wiped off and what we're going to do now is we're going to again put the oven now and I put the oven at 405 degrees it seems to work real well and I'm going to set the timer now and this is what has been working very very well for me 90 minutes. I'm kind of following the culinary fanatic as Jeffrey B. Rogers YouTube channel for cast iron. He has a very good channel and it makes him great videos and cast iron about three four years ago and I follow his recommendations. There we go it's an hour and 30 minutes but I saw later video his he recommends an hour but for me I like 90 minutes and then once it is done it's counting down now for hour and a half. I leave the skillets in the oven for an additional two hours to gradually cool off and the extra heat will bake that nicely in and if it starts to smoke a little bit because it will go above the smoke slightly I turn on my vents up here so it doesn't stink up the house too much but anyway I will be back and show you the final result of my third seasoning on these skillets and address anything I might have forgotten in this video. Okay until I come back. Okay guys I'm back and just for the record I took these pans out at about 6.45 pm on Thursday October 12th they hit were in the oven for an additional two hours and 45 minutes after the seasoning was done and this is what they look like. This is the lodge 12 inch number 10 and it came out really good and this is the Wagner number nine. I'll flip it over a little bit on that but that one looks beautiful nice and smooth cooking surface it and sits fairly flat. It has a little bit of a wobble on it but when I sanded the back I worked on that a little bit and I improved it and then here is the griswold nice and shiny a little bit brown more brown than before and let's go ahead and flip it over so you can see what it looks like on the back and this is after three coats of seasoning this is an old historic griswold beautiful and this one is a Wagner number nine 1059 is the model number and it has like a coating on the back I don't know if it was brass plated or nickel plated but maybe they made them that way and somebody watching this you might know doesn't look like just the pure cast iron which it is inside looks like it has a coating on it and but at any rate that turned out fine and I'll give it one more coating and then of course the lodge I got to switch hands it's really heavy and I don't want to scratch my cooked up just trying to turn it over very very heavy that's why guys I like the vintage stuff it's easier to handle it's easier to lift than everything else but at any rate this is a lodge and just to reiterate this just went through one seasoning cycle but just to let you know you set your oven to 200 degrees you let it heat up to 200 degrees if it's a gas seven you want to get rid of any vapors in there because they will cause flash rust if you put your pans in before it heats up to the 200 degrees make sure they're completely dry before you put them in the oven okay so once it heats up to the 200 degrees you can put them in and now I'm going to do these for a fourth time but just wanted to remind you of the actual process they're going to put it face down we're going to put the Wagner in and we're going to put the Gris Wald actually move it over a little bit okay we're going to put the Gris Wald in here okay we're going to give him a fourth round and I'm going to go ahead and set the timer for 15 minutes and this is a fourth amount but I just want to reiterate the basic instructions for one round of seasoning here I'm just going to set it for 15 minutes only there we go so once that timer goes off and you pull your pans out you want to play a liberal codicisening to the inside cooking surface and the bottom or the outside wipe it all off put them all back in turn your oven up to 300 degrees set your timer for another 15 minutes and let it bake on when it goes off pull them out wipe it off a second time put them back in turn up your oven to 405 degrees if you use in Crisco you want it to be slightly above the smoking point so that carbon forms on your pans that is the nonstick surface and then set the oven for I use mine it's a personal preference for all works for you and where you're at I like 90 minutes for where I am and so I put the oven up to that and let them bake and then keep them in there for a couple of hours and then after the cycle is done and you're good for that round of seasoning so anyway I hope this has been helpful for you please leave me any comments or questions below please subscribe if you haven't already I will be giving you more videos like this and go make it a great day